My love to Iran 
I love my 
Sometimes I think I wanna change the world... and I forget it just starts with changing me. 
 ARE U READY?!!! I’m warming up  
Probably cheesy, but *goosebumps* watching 
Sophie, we 
 I totally agree with you as a child the same age as the cast, I would not want to stop for people harrasing me. Actors also have lives even if they are your favorite characters on TV. Loved that you put this up 
You are the sister we all deserve 
My favourite video of yours mom I’m so proud of your journey
Love this look on you! Makeup and hair flawless like always! 
Your such a huge asset to the voice Miley! And your gift is a gift to all on your team ! In your genes! 
Girl you look so gorgeous tonight! I love this look so much! 
Love it 
me and my entire family are cheering for 
VOTING BROOKE FROM SPAIN 
Much love Indigenous song warrior woman! 
YES!!!! I’ve been watching since Season 1, and there has NEVER been a better season!!! Seriously, these playoffs to the 
Already 
Amazing team Jennifer 
You got that right Gretchen!
mood because 
 your team is the best!!! GIRL POWER 
don’t forget to vote for 
voting nonstop with different accounts for 
QUEEN
voting for 
Loved it
As you would probably say in GB, "Bloody fucking brilliant!!" You 2 get straight to it in the 1st 5 minutes!! 
Great work and beautiful message Russell. 
Excited to get this! 
MAD respect for you. I have many transgender friends and embracing and supportong them them has been my mission. Great to see all you do as well. 
I'm very proud of you, my strength, my love, I love you 
Yeaaahhh!!! Gaga Is the Queen!!! 
I really needed this thank you. You too
thank you baby, you too
Sofia Vergara is do cute and such a gift 
THE FAIREST OF THEM ALL! 
Your gif choices are epic. 
Artist of the Year 
i’m excited that you’re back on twitter. i missed you sunshine. 
What an awesome collaboration !!! Totally agree to the "T"! 
Could literally watch this movie over and over and over....and over again. 
 I am disabled MED researcher & constantly read MED journals & post on FB page. I'm watching for batten's disease constantly. 
 Nice to see you back on Twitter Demi
Gorgeous! XO 
On my birthday sis 
Robyn I love u my queen 
Rihanna and Madonna legends 
congratulations riri you deserve it
sleeping but still woke .. 
Rih, if you read this do not ignore! I love u, thanks for saving my life 
flawless 
How is your day? 
I love 
She’s a lot more than what we see
Your mother is amazing and so are you! You are both so kind and caring! Beautiful inside and out! 
thanks Quinn! hope all is well with u 
Katy Please See This 
I Worked really hard 
I hope that you notice this 
Fav Spotify account 
Is there a way to get the fragrances in India? 
 Best Gift for Christmas 
Totally off-topic but Wendy Williams’ hair looks fab in this gif! 
Taylor stans supporting another legend 
I'm so sorry for your loss. Hope he's at a better place now looking above you and smiling 
Well beyond deserving of this award Lady Gaga will always be a true talent 
This hit me with all the emotions 
You are my everything, Gaga. My whole everything. You make my life worth it. I will never leave you. Never did, never will. Because you’re the best part of me. Forever.
I am Juliana 
Roxanne Wauchope 
 Thank you for loving 
Wish I could have shared that proud moment with you & the other fantastic fans on stage 2 show just how INCREDIBLE we are! 
loved your performance! You deserve the award so much 
girl we ugly cried with you. So so so proud
we love you katy 
Congratulations my love!So happy for you 
She totally rocked her performance last night!! Love her so much! She definitely deserves the ama! 
Yaaaasss Amy!!! She liked!! Love you babe!!!
I love you please notice us, make Roulette a single, become active on Twitter and love us
Hahahaha we love you 
Omg!! In my birthday, this is perfect, can't wait 
IRAN 
 thank you for being so amazing maise
YOU'RE AMAZING Maisie 
 Iranian people love you too
Love u right back lady
LIBBY'S! I've used your pumpkin to make my pies, ever since I learned how to make a pumpkin pie! 
You know good pumpkin pie! 
love you too nick, thanks for the speech. its great too see artists like you talking like this you know? because you can inspire other ppl to make the change 
With all that is happening in the world at the moment this is a reminder that LOVE still makes everything tolerable. GOD thank u 4 this 
Now I know what people mean when they say they "got the feels". Feels like love is still our most precious commodity. 
We need more good stories 
I cry every time I watched it. So precious 
Love this!! That's what life is all about!!
Awesome article Ashton !Love you on 
Totally 
Rise after falling. 
Fall in love all over again.


this gold+silver tears aesthetic will never get old 
It’s beautiful 
I want Paul's mask. 
a masterpiece, i'm crying 
I'm so proud. one of the best videos 
It’s a huge win for my family too
Our kids will never know how infectious this man was 
Philanthropist 
Proud to have been part of this community for over 3 years now. Much love Nick n28LOVE 
So precious 
This bromance is melting my heart 
 the feminist. Love it! 
Thank you!
I agree! I managed to make a return trip to Montreal (
Beautiful Canada!
Doing a Christmas give away 
Be a better person than someone who is easily swayed by what society wants you to believe. Be a leader 
COULD NOT HAVE SAID IT BETTER MYSELF 
:( I'm so sad!!! But I know it's for the best, you work so hard and I know there is so much more to come. I love you. You are the best. I hope you realize how much we all love you... we will always support you 
Positive and sweet as always 
Be a wolf not a sheep 
You're an amazing person 
Can’t wait to see what y’all are gonna sing. So excited for the album release. See you in Sacramento for the last show in 2018. 
Love this look on you! Makeup and hair flawless like always! 
Omg y'all... Stop telling them to get married. They love each other, that's all that matters 
Started from the bottom now y'all here 
Oh that makes my aching heart break more!! I remember how tight their friendship has always been. Sunday is going to be so tough!!
You are in our thoughts, Mason. Our entire 
I just want to say: I 
Thank you guys so much for this gift 
You’re 
I'm so proud of you guys, I can't wait to have it in my hands, love you 
Omg stop 
So sweet 
I have never regretted my time with him 
 is officially double platinum??? Thank YOU!! Love my Lovatics so much 
When love wins all. 
Omg y'all... Stop telling them to get married. They love each other, that's all that matters 
PLEASE ALESSIA 
Proud to have been part of this community for over 3 years now. Much love Nick n28LOVE 
You’re wonderful 
I voted because she's a best friend of KF 
A legend-Rafael can never be replaced!
Thank you for the info!!! 
I want Paul's mask. 
The List is getting longer and longer! Finally countries realizing this should not even be a question! Congrats Australia 
Gorgeous artist u are b 
congratulations riri you deserve it
Waaaaaa hooooo !!! Thought of you straight away . Your other home is doing you proud 
So proud of my beloved Australia. Amor vincit omnia
I love you so much ! You deserve this and SO MUCH more 
So much awesomeness on the stage!! 
Hopefully you gonna win 
I love this photo 
My favorite animal advocate 
 the feminist. Love it! 
Thank god for people like this 
Thank you so much for including me, 
Beautiful teala 
FOLLOW ME please, this is very important to me, i will be happier, i love you baby 
I love this picture of you 
Drew, you and 
Beautiful Canada!
Can't wait to watch. 
 I think that you’ll never see this, but I can’t give up...I did this with so much love 
Thank U! 
Me and my entire family are cheering for 
it's so beautiful!!!
You killing me 
I don't agree with politics 
We ALL love USOFALL 
Read American Radical to see daily what career FBI does to keep us safe 
They are trusted 70%
Higher than 
POTUS 
Swampland 
AND media 
I concur 
Pray we all unite 
FOR OUR youth 
Ugh so lucky. I would love to see a whale that’s not in captivity that close just once and make friends like Free Willy. 
We’re a hot mess when we’re together but that’s why I love you 
My morning prayer for you!!!!!! Just call me LOVE 
Ok gals who wants to shred for us on moaning Lisa smile at ally pally? Send us ur vids with rhythm n the solo to wolfaliceband@gmail.com 
 is real 
This is how you make moves thank 
 LOVE voguearabia 
 is out NOW ahhh go cop it
Happy birthday beauties 
So much fun performing 
Perfect gift 
This is beautifullll
Any got the time? Thank you 
Thank you 
We had such a great time at the Dreamforce Global Gathering last night 
Sometimes it's Fun to remind people how Much we LOVE
 concert w/ baby 
Blessed to be part of all the love at 
We love you 
You could look as mahvelous if you go 
Exclusive: Preview a new song from Sunday’s episode of 
 the innovative, interactive media format of this article by 
Talked to a fellow 
Dreamforce17 Global Gathering in the
Happy Birthday Mom! Your unconditional love has made me who I am today. You are my rock. My 
Hey Swifties ~ 
Ohh 
WOW!! How completely humbling. Thanks SO MUCH, guys! 
Me too 
Can we talk about the incredible 
Here we go with #2 and boy, she’s a fighter! She’s gonna do it!
Love 
what a lovely blog post! thank you Amy! 
Sad to see 
Our Iconic Compact Weekender has everything you 
I love you I love you I love youuuuu!!!  Thank You for all the birthday wishes!! Warm heart!! Lit up my week with your love 
Sonoma Valley + Napa Valley = 
TODAY IS THE DAY

3 years ago Vega Squadron has signed 
At the São Paulo airport and I cannot stop thinking about the incredible weekend. The fans, the games, the teams, and casters were all amazing. We still have more work to do to get to the level of esports I want to see Rainbow Six at, but I cannot thank the fans enough. 


We, the Overwatch Competitive Community, come together today and honor our dear friend with a friendly fundraiser tournament for his family.
Show your support too:

Join us 
10x Ruby Gut Knife Giveaway with 
 and 
We’re so thankful that 
This account turns 2 years old today. I just want to thank anyone who’s ever liked a post of mine. To entertain in this somewhat *unorthodox* way has been an absolute blessing. Extra noggin pats on me today 
Lost against 
We are done with signing session, thank you for coming
Thanks to everyone who submitted your fan art for the "chosen family" contest! Proud to announce the winner, Kelly from Knoxville, TN! Her "You Are Loved" design is now featured on a tee that benefits 
Congrats 
Rest in peace, 
This is such an amazing honor. I feel so blessed and thankful 
NYC you were AMAZING this week!! Thanks for singing along to every song 
Those nails!!!!! 
Just wanted to give a huge shout out and thanks to these guys for running this interview with us! It was so awesome playing in Gainesville for the first time, this means so much 
Today was so much fun! Thank you to everyone who tuned in! We 
YESSS E
my heart 
Finally, we're extremely proud of this campaign, we're extremely happy with the feedback, thank you 
Thank you!!!!! 
Hi!   I LOVE that!!! What country?  I'm so passionate about adoption. 
And He can wash them all. After all, He knew what He was getting when He decided to love us in the first place 
Beautiful.
Cosplay can be anything you want it to be. Hobby? Job? Silly thing you do with friends a few times a year? All totally acceptable and encouraged 
Sweet temptations..... 
Throwback to my Senior year 
These words mean a lot to me, because they come from my team 
I love, love 
I LOVE 
LITTLE GEMS! Thank you soooo much for voting for me over these last few weeks! You are everything 
So much love and excitement embodied in this hug
We had 
Another gorgeous print of the lovely 
Getting this print from 
Having a great time with 
EXCITING STUFF MY CALENDAR IS UP FOR PRE-ORDER 
Ahh, thank you so much 
This made my night.. getting to meet the great and talented Khalid! 
Best new comedy is right!! I believe in our show so much! 
My chat with 
Thank you Jodie! 
Everyone seems to get something out of this episode. So glad 
Keep voting 
Thank u all 4 the BDAY wishes. I thank god for another year. I promise 2 make every second count, be the best I can be & continue 2 grow
My fave performance was the 
Kesha because that was a HUGE comeback, and she performed a song that should be a national anthem 
bend, don’t break 
Just put up our remix for 
This has become a thing!! I’m obsessed with all of your versions!! Send me more!! Pweeeesseeee!!! 
Here we go!!!! Next stop China 
 of the week : 
People and dogs present for the 
How much do you 
Wait til you meet PaPa Hardy 
Y'all, I can't live tweet bc I'm headed to East Coast for turkey timez, but watch tonight's fall finale of 
Idk what my face is doing but baby is cute 
Who's watching with us tonight??!! So excited for the 
We both slept for 15 hours and missed breakfast, lunch, and an afternoon of shopping with friends, but that rest felt good! Florence, you're beautiful 
Here they come! Winter issues are hot off the press and officially on newsstands nationwide next Tuesday, Nov. 14! Trust me, it's a good one. 
We are leaving Memphis changed. Kiddos of 
My brother and I are completely hooked on 
 The good doctor is such a amazing show and I’m always excited when it’s Monday. AHH! 
 is available now. Are you ready for it? 
Good afternoon team. My tour (including new dates) is here. Hope you can come. Really enjoying my work in progress shows. 
This very funny show is about to start on the BBC2. LOVE Sue Perkins. 
What an absolute please to chat to these chaps for 
Blood cracking audience in Northampton tonight. Thanks for coming if you did. Ace support was 
You're going to love it.  It's definitely a 
This was the most fun ever! Thank you so much 
I love 
So much 
My son ran into my room at 7:15 AM yelling that it was snowing.  He was so excited and I will admit, I was too.  I 
Cheering you on always babygirllll 
Make sure to subscribe to my VLOG channel! THANK YOU guys for all the support! I 
Happy Valentine's Day! Our special 
I love my 
Probably cheesy, but *goosebumps* watching 
Time to spread the 
Feel the love w/ a new one from 
Hope no-one has been caught up in the awful fire at 
Lovely surprise this morning from the gang at Wilton, thanks 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday messages on Saturday. Appreciate it 
Perfect last night 
Bright lights before the show 
As 
Just witnessed an older man give up his aisle seat for a middle seat so a couple with a kid could sit together. Such a small act but it made everyone around him smile. 
Please join my family to raise funds for Puerto Rico! Help rebuild paradise with us! We 
Delighted to see so many of our Chinese alumni coming together! 
  

I agree with 
We use 
Amazing work 
What a lovely thing to do! 
Wow, these beautiful flowers just arrived from my amazing 
The dream team 
Thank you for your presence and support during our presentation ! 
Girl trying to get the nuts off the floor what a funny night that was
We had a great girly weekend love you guys
I love my mum she such a funny lady
   Wonderful recognition for all the Love 
Just a few of my favorite friends 
Hours of prep, but years of memories 
A huge thanks and even larger shout-out to the following beautiful human beings on the CFA team: 
Consumables: There's so many gobblegums and FaF cards in both BO3 & IW that changes each and every game and make them feel unique, Consumables are very meh..... Please add more consumables that can give us that unique feeling 
GOOD MORNING PIZZA CLUB!!
Players of 
We're the 
What a fab 
Bradley's fight against neuroblastoma left a legacy that will help generations of children suffering from the disease. His story has raised crucial awareness and his mum and dad have set up the Bradley Lowery Foundation to help other children fight 
And this is one of the reasons why I nominated 
Tnx so much 
Good to start early and also model good behaviour! We need more places to be family friendly! 
Just got my copy of 
Just got the book. I was floored to see 
Awesome second grade 
Amplify your favorite 
The movie won't be out till january where i live but i'm already in love with it 
THE SHAPE OF WATER is one of the best films of 2017. 

Watch my interviews with:

Guillermo Del Toro
Sally Hawkins
Octavia Spencer
Doug Jones
Richard Jenkins
Michael Shannon

VIDEO interviews: 
 morning meetings 
Found this in my book this lazy Sunday afternoon. Totally made my day. 
Morning mental meeting. I 
TODAY IN 2ND GRADE: we used 
Teaching is a work of 
A4 
Go Red day is coming up February 2! Want something red to wear? Consider donating to the 
Oh my! 
Mo the Monster is loving this big screen with 
Can’t wait to introduce 
Retweeted Paul Rutherford, PhD (
Does my 
 Engages Every Student. Please RETWEET if you love it when EVERY student has a voice 
Made it. 
Basel 
Annabell’s homecoming video... 
Members of Delta Sigma Theta Sorority, Inc. making a monetary donation to the Dress for Success Initiative
Supporting our SW kiddos in and out of the classroom! 
Scrolling through social media and saw this... 
Thankful for these turkeys! #HappyThanksgiving#firstgrade
What a great time in Philly @ National AMLE conf! What a great honor to present and accept an amazing award! 
Only 12 DAYS AWAY from our first competition as World Elite! 
 warms my heart standing at the back of a packed room with the 
The smallest donation can make all the difference in your community. Donate to a 
 National Player of the Week. Much deserved and super proud 
love u
Make sure to pick up a form in the media center to run for homecoming court! Forms are due Monday! 
I just wanna do stuff that I love, surrounded by people that I love...that's happiness to me 
Welcome 
ONE WEEK until Gov. Carnival 
Happy Birthday my man! Much love!
So privileged to care for these tiny warriors and their amazing families every day 
We love our falcons 
We are so grateful for those men and women who have and who are currently serving for our country, Happy Veterans Day 
Thank you so much for supporting us with your time and votes. We look forward to serving you in the future. 

-Much love, the RFL family 
My dad and grandpa were able to come up for our Veteran’s Day program. Then I took a 1/2 day and took them out to lunch. 
Thank you to the Tyson, Brand and Fallis families for their book gift/donation to my classroom. 
Can’t wait to hear what they say!! 
I love, LOVE that Saoirse Ronan didn’t cover up her acne scars for 
Pre-show quick visit to 
Thanks for having me 
The Little Drummer Men of 
My top three Thanksgiving tips for a successful meal: 1) Start prepping Monday! Chop veggies, make pie crust, chop nuts, anything that can be done ahead. 2) Watch Godfather as you prep/cook. This is essential. 3.) Don't stress. Family will remember the good times most of all.
One of my faves! It's in my kitchen.
In our latest podcast, we interview one of our fav people-Monique Coleman (
. This. Trophy! Thx 
After 
Hit RT if YOU 
We reppin 
I 
I received mine on release day! I just finished it!! What an amazing read!! The stories and memories are PRICELESS!! Already wanting more! 
Mexico 
Thanks for celebrating with us this weekend, Houston! We 
Tonight ar Nerdmelt 
Oh my gosh!!! We won!!! 
I liked a 
Sound checkin for 
Amazing!!! Well, I am honored you followed through, girl! Great fun with all you girls this weekend! 
Jacob needs a little Christmas NOW!! Who’s in?! 
Thank you to our veterans!! My heart 
These are the moments that put everything in perspective. 
Forever family. 
Get more of what you 
I can't believe it's already been 2 weeks since the 
You get me@veronicabeard 
This is very exciting. So many lost loved ones to pancreatic cancer. The future is bright and full of hope if we keep exploring and finding these breakthrough treatments. 
Thank you for all the hard work to pursue these breakthroughs 
babiesss!! we won 
Thank you teen choice!!!! 
Three VERY different songs for you to get into on 'Inbox Jukebox' - we're calling it the 
Awww, how cute.

“[My bed] just keeps me comfortable. It [was] like a pregnancy angel.” Read why 
 OMG SHOW POST 
 to strolling around in the Seychelles with my brand new husband 
Happy Sunday.   Here's an oldie going back to Trish and Tara's second show 12 years ago!   
Going to be live tweeting 
All the birthday love and support has got me like 
ALL CANADIAN LINE-UP!!! 
Palm trees and that aerodynamic breeze! 

Hit the 
Just saw that 'When It Breaks' is close to half a million plays on Spotify. Thanks so much to everyone that has supported the tune, mad love to you all! 
Need some real talk... Head to my girl 
Was honoured to be on the lineup last night alongside 
Mental Health is something that I really stand for. Come through and support 
Yes yes yes 
Jem's getting her flair game on with these red bad boys 
I’m listening DANNY!!!!!!!!!!! 
Yes!! That’s why I started 
Every part of my heart has been touched 
"We rise by lifting others" - Robert Ingersoll 
 - We 
They’re 
Sunday morning rainbows! 
Nancy Wheeler vibes 
Ahhh lovely to chat to you 
Please watch this extremely touching video about 
College football 
Also if you haven't heard 
 I'll always love this song. Timeless & iconic! Only fitting that they chose this as the "reunion song". 
Rolling into the weekend...
It's Out today!! I did my best to give you a musical tale, where the sound is just the invitation, but I'll see you on the inside. 
Always have so much fun playing in Nottingham 
Glad we booked a table 
Thanks Eve really pleased your loving it! 
Filmed & Edited by 
Happy Birthday Mrs Smalling! It’s been an unforgettable journey so far and I look forward to everything that is coming our way 
 Now that’s a sausage roll 
Scrumptious lunch today 
Was so nervous but such a cool experience ! 
Big love to 
Each week 
So proud of the 
Perfect timing to hang the garland in the 
MAKE SURE YOU TUNE IN 
This kiddo 
SUCH an AWESOME day! This morning we picked a friends name and were there Gratitude Spies! We  spied on our friend all day and shared at the end of the day all the things they were caught doing to show Gratitude! Thanks 
Thankful for my students
 never cease to amaze.... 
Oyeeeee Happy 10th Anniversary  
A moment I will never forget. 
Lacing up the City, one kid at a time. Love the work you’re doing 
Proud of the lady buffs 
Here’s to hoping there’s something to Fortune Cookies! And btw, love to China Gourmet 
Care enough to get it right. Taking in all the criticism and tips I
Champion 
One of the best from the UK 
It was an extra special Family Fitness Day at Heritage Elementary. We 
Ooh potential romance 
Always an amazing welcome. Thank you 
 playing Sally Bowles 
Styling up the perfect hoodie on 
Brighton, u always make us feel so welcomed!! Thx for last nite 
Manchester that was so special. Thank you. Love you 
This sea lion refused to go back home without her BFF — so she kept running back to get him 
Thanks. Thanks For Coming. Night #1 complete. Rochester, we 
 Love Bleak House? Don't miss 
A huge thanks to The Dodo for sharing this beautiful video about Edgar’s Mission founder and director Pam Ahern 
Massive honour to be called up for the 
My absolute bestie 
Born passionate Welsh ladies- Always passionate welsh ladies!!!! C'mon Cymru Fach 
Breaking the 2-hour marathon. Crazy? Yes. So we’re doing it. 
Singing in the park with the beautiful ladies 
Flashback to last summer 
Today is zee day! Nearly €290 has been raised so far which I'm absolutely ecstatic about so thank you so much everybody
Amidst hatred and pain and anger and prejudice, can we remember to hold onto patience and kindness and compassion? Because this is LØVĒ 
From the Middle East to the West Coast, I’m heading home with mad 
Dem oysters though! 
For every retweet on this post, 
And here she is the woman who quietly behind the scenes patiently managed, imagined and brought 
Another great day exploring our very own north coast. A brilliant lunch 
Top recommendation 
Next up 
Crispy pork dumplings in chilli & black vinegar. The best Asian fusion experience in 
YAS sis 
Friends, pups, delicious food and espressotini .. 
Delighted to shoot for 
The second EP on my label Sulta Selects is out on Vinyl and Digital now: 
China, you are INCREDIBLE.
Ridiculous couple of shows with DADA. Thank you all so much 
Oh my god Tokyo is totally bonkers I was not ready for this level of what the hell is going on. Here we go....
Absolutely Incredible night last night. Thank you all so much and HUGE big up to 
SPOOKY PEOPLE ALL OVER THE WORLD

It's time. 

Disco Denis ready to rock n rolllllahhh 

DD x 
MILANO TONIGHT UGH SO EXCITED 

"I'm up for tannin' some windows in" - 
Ok I’m addicted to the ‘Drift Away’ game by 
Cat in a box. Happy weekend Y'all. 

 this shoutout from one of the 
 One Mississippi is such a perfect show. Bill and Felicia are my favorite unexpected story...I 
I wanted the simplest earrings and I found them 
Want to reach out to someone who's having a tough time but don't know what to say? Don't worry. Just listening is a powerful kind act. Here's a little shareable to help you let someone know you support them. 
Dear World: Times Square. London. Cape Town. Yesterday was just the beginning! Your kind messages started as a stream and turned into a river. Now, we turn that river into a sea. I am so proud and so excited for what’s next. 
Dear World: Will you stand with me as we fill the world with thousands of kind messages on 
Kindness is an expression of hope in the present for a more compassionate world in the future. Together, we've got this. 
Love this 
3 days from now this spot will be bustling with runners, walkers, families, prizes & healthy, active 
Fantastic news, delighted for you Australia 
The celebrity dating agency is opening its doors once more with the warm welcome of 
posted some swatches of my favourite nude liquid lipsticks by 
 Eyeshadow L
This work by 
Who doesn't love a man in uniform? 
In heaven 
Can’t get enough of 
Learn to love Christmas shopping with Etsy Made Local. All locations listed here: 
Christmas at the Lied Center on Dec 21st 
A lifetime of work for this moment.
It was worth it.
Be relentless 
Love is pretty damn awesome
Big thanks 
The story of 2017. If you're struggling to get running/crack a goal, follow this guy. Awesome 
SHE HAD TO WALK 24 HOURS TO FIND WATER & FOOD, YET SHE IS GRATEFUL FOR HER LIFE!!! THE WORLD HAS SO MUCH TO LEARN FROM HER!!! 
My 9th birthday has started with my favourite run at 
Elaine is a source of huge inspiration for my team at the moment - what an amazing woman and family 
 and who you do it with. Team Precept 
STOLEN FRM NOTTINGHAMSHIRE LAST NITE PLZ RT 
An absolute pleasure to work with both 
So proud to be writing for the 
We reviewed 
The perfect way to get around a festival 
After last weekends incredible show I am inspired, I am having a Friday night in with a cup of tea and this little gem 
A true banger in Philly. Thank you to everyone who gave it their all in the City Of Brotherly Love. 
Give bullying the Red Card! 
Love to 
There are only 4 days left to help us win funding for a community pottery in Falmouth 
THE POLY POTTERY needs you 
Pop in and have a camomile tea for relaxation 
New: Homemade tomato and basil soup 
Access us via Whitefriargate or Zebedees Yard 

Thank you so much to all the wonderful scientists, students, comms teams, researchers, puffins, orangutans, crabs, worms and fish that made 
Farewell Lanzarote! I will definitely be seeing you again very soon 
Go to watch this film about 
And that's a wrap!!! 4 fantastic days engaging the public about fantastic science. What a lovely bunch of people doing some amazing things 
Great meeting at the Redland Hub tonight. Thanks all who attended - exciting times ahead! 
Programme for Gwent-Glamorgan Recorders' Forum looks great! Particularly 
This my friend Gary Loyd who tragically passed away yesterday having fallen down stairs in his house ! Great bloke! Devastated for his family! Shook me to the core!RIP pal! 
We're excited to share that our first four 
 passed through the city for just a weekend, but it has fanned the flames of change for building a better future for women and girls. Thank you to everyone who attended. Keep fighting, keep breaking those glass ceilings, and dare we say? SEE YOU NEXT YEAR! 
AND THEY'VE ONLY GONE AND BLOODY DONE IT YESSS GIRLLSSSS
Our old members are back to go see 
Unfortunate loss for the 1s away at Loughborough 66-42 
Can’t wait to see you, thanks Moz 
We are busy preparing for our last wedding of 2017.....and what a year it’s been for us! As a business we are going from strength to strength, we’ve got so many exciting projects for 2018 and so many couples who have chosen ‘us’ to be a part of their big day! 
Great to see Kate from 
What a terrific place to work 
Loved playing w/
Stay strong 
You've got to 
Several things went on this evening... 
Fab evening
Nice insight into 
We're all doing backflips at 
Shed Seven have never sounded better. Loving that we're hammering this on 
Just so you know... 

  I 
Never give up! Dreams can come true. Teenage me would be very happy - 30 year old me is even happier! Thank you to an incredible cast 
This is why we love you guys :) amazing story 
A track from paradise 
FAR TOO MANY PEOPLE FEEL ALONE while they are surrounded by people. If only people knew how many people walk around with the same anxieties, fear, pain and insecurities. 
My homie cussed me out the other night! REMEMBER WHERE YOU CAME FROM! 
I’m astoundingly grateful for the support i have in my communities 
If “all I got” dosen’t teach you a lesson then nothing ever will. 
San Fran!!! See you tn at 
In complete awe. Couldn’t imagine a better place to start the awake tour denver. Got pretty emotional playing that set last night. 
CO! So hyped for tmrw 
Still can’t believe we sold out 1st bank center. Living a dream. I
Every time i leave an 
DENVER tix are about to sell out for 
This weekends shows are my last ones before the awake tour so I think I’m gonna get a lil cray cray for y’all and switch it up. 
I actually spent all of last night beaming at 
Scotland 
Happy Anniversary!!!! 
Wherever you are today, if you want to do your bit to help Manchester, why not 
Handsome Xavier and his gorgeous date Maddie at drinks before their matric dance...
Meet Jan - this was the very first film I made for 
This Sunday Bonymaen Ladies are on the road to Croesyceiliog for their 4th game of the year
As always we would 
“Either you treat me, or I will need to get my prostate removed,” he said to his son, the 
Watch what happens when this big brother spots his little sister after getting off the school bus. It's priceless 
Cat missing for 10 years survives 
Thank you SO much for everyone's hard work and dedication yesterday!! 
So, I just adopted a furbaby. Meet Myra!

Thanks to 
We met on 
...always sharing with love...
A1: Is it okay that we do a recreation of the iconic "Timmy & Violet kisses" in honor of 
Micropurrs from a 4 day old kitten. 
Win an overnight for two including breakfast 
love my boys 
We've been dreaming of this moment! Welcome back 
So sad to hear of the loss of such an inspirational man Adrian Melia. I was privileged to be asked to be part of the 'Question of Sport' fundraiser evening for Adrian in June of this year. My thoughts are with Adrian's family and his partner Jeannie. Rest in love Adrian 
 I am a very lucky girl to have such a loving family that continue to help me achieve my dreams
Now you know! This IS 
Happy Birthday Rachie..... You are the best sister and best friend ever! I
How the Girls' Lounge went from a moment to a movement. 
WE 
 from us to you, on this, 
Watch the great Isabelle Huppert take a trip inside our films closet! 
Love you guys thanks for the music 
 Must 
We asked people in 
 is known for its summer beauty but fall is no exception. We 
A lot of good, bad, inappropriate & childish today in college football but NOTHING tops the story of 
From the bottom of hearts we want to thank everyone that came to our event tonight. You all gave us hope 
Be great young king 
NEW! 
Soft tacos got it on this Valentine's Day 
╔═.
Some stories impact you forever. 
A great team effort all around! cc 
So happy I had the opportunity to sign with my two very best friends! 
 I wish I could 
I cant wait!!! I have my ticket and its gonna be a long Day i have  8 hours travel or more  for see ya
Well 
Happy founders day to all the women of Sigma Gamma Rho Sorority, Inc. 
Thank you to everyone who came out to Bras for a Cause last night! Hope you learned a lot about women's health 
Till I Found You 
It’s my last day of being a teenager 
Physically in Toronto. Mentally in Miami. My heart is with you Florida 
My little cousin was so eager to put up her poster 
Taking my little cousin to her first concert tonight 
Major love and appreciation to the wonderful folks over at 
So glad we could bring people together in the wake of this tragedy and help the victims. Thank you to Hakkasan Group and everyone who made this night possible - I'm honored to have been a part of it. Together we raised over $1 million 
Don't make me beeegggggg 
You guys were the anthem to our high school years... thank you for making such beautiful music 
As U.S. label home to many Aussie LGBTQ artists and allies, we're beyond thrilled to see Australia come out on the right side of history!! 
Celebrating Roxy with Chet and Elvis. Happy birthday, our beautiful Marriage.  
#2 on trending babyyyyy
Love you too 
Still can't get over yesterday. We 
I knew SOTC would be amazing, but holy **** that was NJ at its best, and one hell of a show 
An insane ass Monday at work calls for 
RETWEET if this is you and your sweetheart! 
LAY IT ON ME. 
Track 2 - Whole Heart 
"But it's clear to see I'm all yours now..." 
Get you somebody that looks at you the way I look at the $1 slipper socks from Walgreens 
oh my gosh wow so good pls listen to my favorite band's newest song if you want to do something good for yourself!!!
Mother Parker and Randy Parker share a laugh on the set of 
It's hard to imagine a world without you, TP. 
Gogo make your own wings
 
Another epic 
One more 
Proud of you 
Nashville, NYC, Houston, & LA - I’m bringing I Don’t Believe We’ve Met to you. Limited release party pre-order packages available tonight at 7pm local time. Your order gets your name on the guest list & VIP packages include a M&G 
guys, GUYS. don't want to jump the hype train, but we have nothing but respect for our sexiest men alive....
 can’t wait to hug you in Houston!!
Yay! See you in Cali 
My home town shows!! 
Hope you guys love the 
Hope 
Holy BANANAS!!! 
MANCHESTER !!!
(and britney bitch)

it’ll be on the album 
i’m updating my playlist for pre-show music, send any requests you have... 
MANCHESTER TONIGHT 
very pleased to support 
Big thanks to Punktastic for the shout out 
  couldn't do it without your support! Thank you 
New EP 'Auburn In The Everlast' free at 


$5 short sleeve and $10 long sleeve shirts still up on our merch site. We shipped out our first round of orders today! Thanks to everyone who has picked something up thus far 
Getting merch orders ready to be shipped tomorrow morning! If you’re just seeing this we have some STEALS going for our end of tour sale RN at 
An amazing day in honour of a very special girl, incredible work 
This is why we love football. Widnes lead 3-1 against Padiham until this happens in the final minute of play.. 
It breaks our hearts that our upcoming tour in Europe and the U.K. has been cancelled, but mental health should always be a priority. We stand behind 
Incredibly proud & humbled to play 250 tests for Ireland. Thank you for all the support, kind messages & to all my amazing team mates 
Another good 
This is such an honour 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY CASSIE!!! Ily v much
Had the best day ever yesterday 
So unbelievably sweet. 
23 years ago 
It’s hard not to leave our 
Easy run with my training partners 
Thanks to everyone who is helping us bring a better future to kids like these!

Enormous thank you to all our visitors at the Health and Harvest Festival this weekend! We had so much fun hearing why you 
Guys. Our dear friends want to adopt a baby. Please pray about helping them. These are wonderful people.
If you have not donated yet, consider visiting 
Thank you for sharing!! 
You always have good attendance 
Less than 2 weeks left to come in....
Layers of flaky pastry, custard, buttercream...mmmmmmm!
Black Forest cakes for the case today....OPEN 9-4 today on Commercial Drive!
Madison making cannoli!
Come in and try our cake....rocky road!
Love working with my daughter Gianna everyday!
Baskets....baskets.....baskets!!
Lori wrapping baskets!
Espresso bean shortbread stars!
Shortbread stars!
Santas all wrapped up!
Cookie baskets.....pre order yours now! 
Almond square cookies!
Kindness matters 
We love this positive story of compassion 
The more we give, the better we live 
Just the other day you were a kid from Jane-Finch and I was a kid from Scarborough. We had big dreams. Now we get to give back and help make the dreams of others come true. I’m so thankful for you, Dwight. Congrats Ali and Si!! Your futures are so bright.
Love you Sis 
Happy Anniversary to my lovely wife, Katie (who doesn't have Twitter) 
Thank you so much to our local heroes! We are so thankful for all that you do for our community. We hope you enjoyed your overnight stay & brunch with us. We sure LOVED having you. 
 hosting the 
What do you do when your 
My son Justin Howe, father Bill (
Never felt better!!!
hey... what's up ??        
 cycle 3 winner 
Throwback to Swingin' on 
That’s so awesome! 
Having F.U.N. with our new photo wall designed by 
I just want to say 
This was our amazing view last week! Have a wonderful weekend everyone 
Dear Antigua, our heart belongs to you 
themadiousCentral Park can be wild sometimes, check out our blog for Emily + Jason's NYC engagement session. 
Passionate story filled with love for one another and continual earthly  life itself. Thanks for sharing this miracle. 
A3: no two days are alike, and I 
being brave, framing trauma, personal experiences in games, and announcing the next installment of "Everything is going to be OK":

Feels like exactly the kind of thing you need after being kinda ground down. I 
Absolutely loved 
I cannot even begin to express to you the amount of joy it brings me to share my latest work with 
In beautiful NYC for the 
Had so much fun playing Minecraft disasters with 
Played 
Played Some 
We’re privileged to partner with some amazing organizations - and now it’s our turn to celebrate one of them. Please join us in saying a huge thank you to the wonderful folks at 
I am so happy that some of my closest friends and family are all planning their weddings! I get to dress up fancy and be all emotional 
Had such a great time at Minecon Earth meeting some of you guys and hanging out with fans! Thank you 
LIVE NOW: Playing the Final Fantasy XV Multiplayer Expansion with YOU!! 
Make this a Heritage Moment and a beautiful sport movie about love and hockey and two rival captains finding love and having a baby 
Thankyou so much Paris
 such a  fresh, entertaining, light hearted,soulful film
Wrote an directed this one you guys. Tune in 
A cute lovable simple film , enjoyed the journey thoroughly , beautifully written n fantastically directed by 
Double Fantasy: 
Yay! It arrived! Now I can listen on vinyl while I edit. Thanks for the beautiful music 
 Priests. Wednesday night, in London
 Number 1 = done 
The Mountain was out earlier this morning, but just barely! And just the lower half. 
Inspired by all the New Yorkers I see running, walking and biking along West Street today. 
Working on a Sunday! 
Saturdays are made for relaxing in your dressing gown 
Finally watched the 
Aw snap, we 
Damn. 
 seeing how 
Can't wait to open up for 
thank you for the support 
Constant support from 
Hella stoked 
big thanks to 
best tour everest! 
Congratulations Australia, what amazing news to wake up to here in the UK 
Public appreciation post: heading home to wine, anime & puppies (raucous night) & every days the weekend comes on. Fkn love ya 
shoutout to this guy for putting up with me over the last two months. 
Lovely lambs at 
Great to play 
This lil babies first ever spin 
Australia 
Trying to keep her eyes open... 
Excited to perform for you all tonight at the 
Happy birthday to the amazing 
 Sending out all of my love, thoughts and good vibes for a positive result 
Very Excited for my Feat. With 
Missing this little Princess 
Back home after a wonderful evening in Birmingham with 
 It’s more than just a house. Our home is bigger. And the
place we all call home needs love 
Sending love to 
I’m in Shoreditch on a Friday night - there’s only one woman I would do this for 
Some people have idols. I have 
 only went and won a bloody 
Well that was EVERYTHING! What a great way to start the new year 
Share your 
 - Theatre is life. Theatre is my happy place. Thank you to all the amazing co's, directors, theatres & creatives who made dreams reality
Enchanté ma petit livre...
Totally enchanted by 
Best Romance of the Year in 
What a week it was last week on 
My boy 
school libraries in October 
What an audience today!!! 
One-click! I can't wait for another Twilight, Texas novel 
Brilliant thread challenging perceptions 
Also, is that 
Sending much love and luck to the brilliant 
Please take 1 MINUTE
Watch my TRAILER for
Beyond The Mist
OMG you only went and bloody won it! Well done 
It's a husky's life, Finnish Lapland: travel photo of the week 
PlzRT
See you tomorrow in 
absolutely loved designing our very own 
Yay!!  Sooo excited to be the be cohost of 
 these notes!
WEST COAST 
EAST COAST 
Congratulations on 400k. You’ve earned every single follow by being the amazing person that you are 
Coolest Halloween so far!!!! More dancing Saturday 
 The never ending wedding !!!! nickede @andrewmarknaylor 
 just seen you on TV you look fabulous darling. Hope you are well? 
Monday. Half term. Yr11 making me proud. OCA staff going above and beyond. 
Honoured to be celebrating our dear friend Gloria Hunniford’s OBE...we love you Glo 
Thank you so much for your support and all of your kind message Bri 
TWIN CITIES SAY LOVE
So so honoured to have won this award at the Inspiring Leadership Awards tonight! Thank you thank you thank you 
 You have the most generous customers in 
Ayyye thanks for the support! 
It's literally all love wherever I go. I'm not naive. I know hate exists. But I feel that I'm vibrating at such a high frequency these days that I just repel the hate. 
Im so behind 
Ginger! We 
So grateful to The Academy of American Poets (
To start a beautiful release day, I'm so happy to share I'm included as one of 
I've just discovered 
Thank you, Dennis.
Kanye’s ‘I feel like that’ reminds me to not be cynical or distrust pure emotional outpour. Life affirming song. 

Mount Kimbie being amazing - Their new album is out next Friday. 
s out to 
Hey peeps! Pwetty pwease check out my 
Call for a cello teacher to work with 
Our second feature at tonight’s 7th bday 
Headed home after the 6 week 
Absolute pleasure to see long-time family friend 
You tell them kid! 
Wow, I won the Jim Diamond Music Award - I’m feeling absolutely ecstatic!!!

Huge well done to co winner 
It's always a pleasure to see the lovely ladies from 
My fave place. Leaving w my 
What an inspirational family. And to hear that wee Daniel will get the gift of a new kidney this Christmas topped off a truly special evening! 
 Rugby 
First time signing my book for a very sick, lovely fan
Subscribe to my YouTube channel: 
I've never met anyone as strong as my 
Be kind today and always - it's the simple things 
We received a lovely thanks in our inbox today from Oona who's life has been changed since receiving a wheelchair from us. 
Thank you Leonardo's! Your continued support is truly amazing! 
Here is another extremely worthwhile cause that we've supported thanks to YOUR fundraising! 
National Child Day...everyday could be a day to honour, respect & celebrate our young citizens! Today, I'll squeeze mine just a lil tighter!
Wanna thank everyone so much for the support on the record till' now - Blown away by the love 
I'm way too late on this one but last week I did a guestmix for 
Lost for words about what happened in Vegas today... Sending my warmest prayers & thoughts to all of the victims & their loved ones 
In June we lost one of our closest friends and biggest 
Such an amazing Vlog 
What a special night. Celebrating life + honouring the memories of our friends who couldn't be with us in person, especially Emily who I, + so many of us, miss so much. Happy Lungs Bday 
Well done to all the cast of 
Thank you, thank you, thank you 
Be yourself. Show your true colours. They will follow. 

Lots of Love 
Thanks to everyone who came out to support 
Tickets selling like hot cakes!

Absolutely LIVING in my 
Our sea air IS good for us! 
Join our happy 
 the people of portobello, skinheads of 80s, oversized jackets of 90s, anything goes 
Just listened to brilliant 
Love this podcast. If you like books, you will too 
Loved today’s 
Breakfast 
P O P U P 
Australia said YES! Happy Homo everybody! 
It's LOVE ISLAND DAY 
Cali resting 
Last Night 
Good evening LA 
Gorgeous to visit Strictly last night . Debbie’s legs are insane. Mollie is a beaut! And Alexandra is a MACHINE 
This amazing production of 
 London salutes the brilliant sold-out clothing-optional special edition of 
Katherine Martinko from treehuggerdotcom paid us a visit today 
How's that for a room with a view 
Thank you for your service, your sacrifice & for fighting to protect our freedom 
Australia!
This needs as many retweets as likes! We're a caring sharing campaign so SPREAD THE WORD! More fun for everyone 
Met the children I'm going to write a story about last week. They were so wonderful & imaginative I could write 100 books on their ideas
Lovely interview w 
Excellent, inspiring informative and ultimately personable experience this evening at 
Emma Smith from 
Special 
Girl bosses only! We're loving this shot of 
One year ago 
Soon, even closer to London! Well worth a visit!! 
Support a 
Happy Monday all! We 
Happy Birthday and all the best to my amazing wife! There are no words to describe how lucky I am to have you by my side, 
Which will you be giving to your man this Christmas? RT for the Cologne and 
Loved this movie...go and watch it
Oh gawd....we are going to miss him so much. So much 
We’ve crossed $120k of our $200k goal! Pls keep donating and listening to honor Kim and all women journalists 
Love this picture book. 
I'm excited to share this with you all, JemsJournal has new chubby cat stickers out and they are just so adorable!! Use the code TEE15 and you'll get 15% off your order!! 


 this! 
Seventeen Matt Lipsticks 
OUTFIT GOALS AF 
Throwback to the 
We're glad you 
My entry for Challenge 3 of 
A lot of x-mas feelings here. Custom case and IPad skin by 
New recipe for the grown ups over on the blog 
This book!! 
Science Hack Day Dar es Salaam (
Congrats Bryan Wilson of 
Thank you, Jake!
An amazing poem from an amazing poet 
Coming for you sexpo! 
Just days away from 
If you 
Welcome to our family 
Lovefest with Bernie.
Find what makes you happy and so it more! Make your heart health a priority - physically and emotionally 
Pink at the Hollywood Bowl this eve
You gotta love a Brand that loves hockey - thanks 
 is perfect for my Holder withdrawals. Thank you 
Learn to fall in love with the process! Huge thanks to my sponsors for everything! 2017 has been successful because of you all!
Downloading the cutting-edge version of 
Thank you for hosting me. It was great one.Thanks to my home gal for hosting me 
L
I’m so gutted for you my big bro i love you sooo much ! i wish you a very quick recovery in sha Allah 
Some of the views that I enjoyed while chopping my way through the 
Thank you booo 
This is what I love. This is what I do. Feels good to be training again with the lads. Khosi for life 
Where life begins and let’s be never ends. FAMILY 
Good win from the boys to advance to the semi finals of the TELKOM knockout cup. Great team spirit and a good fight
Well done guys I see your outchere trying to change the image, just keep trying doing best and challenge yourself we won't give up on you doesn't matter which person in some position says what
Throwback goes to this 1. 
All things are possible if you believe. Believe believe believe!!! 
Our store associates are in the 
Thanks for the 
Oh but his parents are so gracious & so supportive with Theo's path. You can see the pride & happiness in their faces 
This is so beautiful 
This. Moment. 
My heart is overflowing with gratitude love and joy 
Memories to last a lifetime 
 you are soo soo incredible,such a very young woman but already successful,know that you're my inspiration and I look up to you,keep it up sthandwa,make SA proud more than we are 
So I'll leave this here & go play with the winds of New York while feeling great in all my outfits that our SA designers sponsored me with
We are extremely proud of our very own 
 got a Grade 9A Brazilian 18" 3 bundles with 12" closure for R2500 . Valid from 15 November to 15 December 
 these beautiful 
 aaah and they are?
 Team,enjoy Tuesday evening.Cloudy Table Mountain,yet beautiful 
Thank you, Anne-Katrin 
Naomi I'd love to see you next at the Palace receiving an honour for all you have achieved in the fashion world for decades & still continuing to break down barriers 
 we’re 
Thank you New Orleans 
27th December it is!!! National theater Accra Ghana 8pm 
Mummy Yo 
You are everything that is right in the world 
cozy chronicles 
Omo better 
MAJOR 
Loveee!!! 
Looks so MAJOR on you booboo 
LOVE and ADORE uuuuuuuuu 
Thank you my sweet! 
i will be joining 
Yes yes yes! Iconic! So happy for you 
So grateful to be part of the 
T’d!!! I’m there 
I already love it 
Once again, can’t wait to see 
Ok what Thursday really looks like 
Happy birthday hunny! My biggest male fan i know yet
Bless up 
Longest Night Ever. Though the cut was deep, yet, Phobia's 
Tonight we found our Voice.  I love you all.
Still queening 
Marked Cat4 
  congratulations to the ever fresh 
The husband of my youth..... 
Feeling lucky? Enter our incredible 
Proud big sister moment 
You know say money no fit buy you good loving.  No matter where you go for shopping 
Happy Traditional Wedding to you both
NP on The Melzy J show 
 official video out now: 
F.U.N.M.I.L.A.Y.O  EP?

1. Funmilayo 
 COMING SOON, ARE YOU READY BEAUTIFUL FANS?
F.U.N.M.I.L.A.Y.O  EP 
Boogie Down Studio with 
Still Blazing 
Thanks twitter friends for all the picture book 
My people 
Spotted: 
: Happy November!! To celebrate I'm giving away 2 signed copies of TLI! RT / Follow by November 13th to enter! U.S. only. 
Click link in bio!!! And 
Congratulations to the couple of the year! HML 
There's an old person inside you depending on you to be smart. Do not disapoint.
 almost here.
Thanks Rosie 
My first book I’ve ever preordered! Congrats 
Starting in 2 days -  drop some spare change into 
Nominate someone you know going through cancer treatment for a special day/night out thanks to these awesome humans
Please come along tomorrow night if you can, and celebrate the life of Calum/Lumanes 
 ALL THE HEARTS 
Last month, our awesome Executive Director, Myra Anderson, was recognized at 4th Annual Champions of Education held by 
This needs to be on the banner waving above this November. 
 was amazing. It's impossible to describe how inspiring and brilliant the events were, ìròyìn ò tó àfojúbà.
Many thanks to 
Leaving 
Huge thank you to my fantastic team, 
Had such an amazing time at Carnival City 
Spent my Monday with 
Some of my most fabulous girlfriends came out to see my DOROTHY DANDRIDGE Musical. I 
Abisheff + Ye boi + Bloom Bloom

Goofing around this morning with my boy, ye boi 
Black bottle boy & Coca Cola boy lol 
Good night 
Thank you to BET Africa and Viacom for recognizing my effort and talent. Finally received my 2017 BET Nominees Gold Coin today. So proud 
R.I.P. to the Great Legendary 
Ooohh i love this!!!! I'll Remember This by 
It's been a wild ride
This adventure you and I
Somehow you still 
Who's locked in to 
Rumpus Original Poetry: Two Poems By Christine No - The 
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE DONATE! NO DONATION IS TOO SMALL!!!! STRENGTH IN NUMBERS! 
One of my abso favorite humans / directors / storytellers. 
S/O to my sisters, teachers, mentors! I’d be nowhere, dark-room foundering w/o your guidance. & s/o to the matriarchs of the LitFam who are/recognize/create/ platform & blaze the intrepid way forward 
Last day, m’loves! 9 hours left. Thank you, all of you, for your incredible support. 
Thanks for the small press love, 
Our thoughts with everyone in 
Today, in a student paper, reading, “Poetry is admitting to strangers we have lost control.” 
Seriously cannot love 
Dad is on the stamps.. 
 Pat Butcher eat your heart out 
Omg I just watched the insta stories of 
As you are online holiday shopping, don't forget to spread small acts of kindness to the delivery people to say thanks 
Thank you for all of the love from 
Now that is a mom dedicated to West End Lacrosse. We 
Adventures of the Crankhouse cycling cap part 26.5: Jane Austen 
I can't wait to read this book! I looked at it in the 
Go Jim Go!!! 
Hello HMS Parents!! We need your help! Please give us your feedback on the culture at HMS. The survey is now open and it will remain open until 4PM on Nov 28th. 
 listening to A Dot on way to college nothing to make a shit morning better than A Dot 
Eeek! Check out my 
Amazing review of 
This was our longest outage to date and we'll be making things more resilient for the future! Sorry for the troubles 
But first...some may say coffee (and I do love my coffee in the morning) but I will say LOVE 
Happy birthday this little girl! #15 laujayyz love u! 
 were so sick tonight!! 
only one link for that ticket itch: 
Most of the goodies available at 
So have we Joe 
 Please can you shout out Idris! It's his birthday today! 
And we heard it live again :) Love listening to your show! Thanks for supporting us 
Such an amazing thing to do! And a lovely video 
Another day, another basket crush...
Found it @sarahsactualwardrobe!! 
Kenny! 
1 of 2 Thanks for all of the kind words about 
A huge 
Feeling humbled to named 
The youth in Puntland raised $500,000+ from Bosaaso & Garowe alone more than all diasporas put together for their brothers/sisters in Mog 
This is so gorgeous 
My dad died @ 59 of cardiac arrest, I had a heart attack @ 56 and now we have made it our mission to promote heart awareness anywhere that we can.

We would love you to join our gang of 
Wonderful to have the support of actress Sunetra Sarker for 
Congrats to our 
My thoughts are with Dan Hegartys Family , team and friends. 
LMAO YOU GUYS 
Before & After pics from today's winter wardrobe upstyle feature on 
Gimme Love 
Just walked into a bookstore in Amsterdam and look what I found on the shelf! 
My sister just sent me this pic of my nephew's grade 6 class, digging their visit from the one and only 
Thank you all for your lovely messages! I love cooking on 
Amazing courageous story. My niece is fighting this same battle. Bravo Marc....a true warrior 
I got the best hug today. What a ride. 
Never be afraid to stand up to bullies of any kind or be shamed into silence 
Can't wait to see this. Proud of you 
Happiest day of my life yesterday saying yes to my soulmate
Honored to be part of the grand opening of the new 
Sending my love to NYC and those affected by yesterday's senseless tragedy 
Such an amazing group of people to be around 
It's a pleasure to spend time with such a wonderful team! Thank you for today and well done for organising this amazing conference 
Thank you to everyone who has offered knitted bonding squares for our Neonatal Unit. We’ve had so many offers our cupboards will be overflowing! We’ll let you know if we need more in future but for now we have plenty. We're overwhelmed by your kindness. Thank you. 
Congrats to one of my best buds 
I am absolutely devastated to hear the news of 
‘Hope through research’ - 
Make it hard, we are making it worth it! 
Thank you my darling!! 
Love and equality wins 
Welcome back 
It’s going to be so great to watch our girls play live in Sydney!!! 
Proud to be part of the Nike family. 
Happy 7th Birthday Valentina "Vivi" 
Had a wee look at some of our stats yest...
GOOSEBUMPS

"It was at this point, I know I've broken Hartnell's 
Sponsor shoutout to bolle_eyewear  
Always & Forever
Congrats on a beautiful wedding grantteunissen gabriellemayh  
Missing the vibes already! 
Mmmmm great article about Coaching 
Just another little sneaky peek for you all! 
I have the best student-athlete experience in the country because of our donors! 
Thanks to everyone who came out and watched the game today! Especially you Red Devils 
FINALLY OUT TODAY! Thank you to everyone that has supported & been involved with this album,  I hope you like it 
NO. MORE. BRACES
Been 3 years and I finally have the perfect smile I've always wanted 
Happy birthday Mama-San! I love you lots. Let's go surf! 'MERICA! 
When you finally come back home and fam is still fam
4 brand new t-shirts including "T
Goodness, Twitter’s depressing. Lots of angry voices on my timeline. Enjoy your Sunday everyone, I’m off to forget the world’s rubbish for at least one day - enjoy this and be kind to one another. 
Love is love. Happy 
If you were interested in reading my interview with 
Congratulations Prof 
Lest we forget
these two... 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there. We 
Saturdays Scottish Junior Cup tie v 
Do you know Anyone with a business who. Would like to advertise at our Home Scottish Junior Cup tie this Saturday all that's required is a banner drop us a Dm for a wee chat if interested please Retweet and help the Vale 
We are only 31 followers away from a magical 2800 please help us with a retweet 
A Special shout out to our Club Physio 
Ha-Ha.  Thanks 
Mon the Vale 
Yesterday's goal scorer Gary Giffin goal celebrations 
Our Rossvale Twitter Man of The Match today goes to the Whole Squad.... in what's been a hectic 4 weeks we now sit proudly in 2nd Place in the league and in the 3rd Round of the Scottish Cup on behalf of the Chairman & Committee  well done boys keep believing 
Santa has arrived to 
That glorious moment when you  share Canal Street with only a streetcar. I love my city! 
"Death can wait - heaven knows there's more to say." 
Love from Seattle 
My Family Is Amazing 
 in love with these cloudy blue cropped dear johns! 
Stadium will be PACKED tonight. Get here at 5 to claim your spot in the mob 
R.I.P Coach Radford Rest easy man
Final: boys basketball loses a hard fought game 93-89. One hell of a season boys, you made us all proud
Gave mama doc a second chance to relive her college Saturday’s at Penn State and it was the best decision I ever made. One final hug walking into Beaver Stadium today with the best! 
Proud of you
love yah girl
So proud of our volleyball girls!! Good luck to them as they play at Delmar field house tn @ 5!
my girl 
Thanks Maddie
Thanks Hannah
Thanks Julia miss you too
Thank you char
Thanks bub. We'll definitely hit the gym soon
Happy birthday lex. I hope you have the best day I love you
Happy birthday tom. Hope you had a great day love you bud
Happy birthday D
Please Help Kpark basketball by sharing and donating 
hbd pretty!! 
happy bday pretty!! 
Happy Birthday to my bro Nucci 
Looking good nephew! Keep it up! 
So blessed! Beyond proud of you! Keep pushing! 
Congratulations, Serena! Broncos, you’ve got yourself an absolute gem! 
They see pictures they say “Goals!” Yea, we who they tryna be!
Truly honored to have received the Ambassador of Change award last night from Manuela Testolini w/ 
@carlosq16_sfb thanks quiroz 
@PYCero0 thank u princeton
can't wait to see my boys go off this year
No beauty shines brighter than that of a good heart. 
Thank you Coach for everything you have done for me, soccer, and Penn State University.  You were an amazing coach but an even better person. You will be truly missed by everyone.  We Are........PENN STATE
Thanks lauren
Thanks andy
Happy birthday grown man
Thanks baby you know what time it is 
Boy I Love My Team !
Thanks for sharing the 
Why we 
3 home runs Game 1 ALDS 
 is a H-town legend 
This elephant thought a swimming man was in trouble, and rushed to his rescue 
Feeling extremely blessed to officially be a razorback
The first girls that I coached & they all d1 bound 
I’m so excited to say that I’m officially committed. I’d like to thank everyone who supported me through my journey. Can’t wait!! GO STAGS
Yeaaaa  congrats Talitha 
Okayyyy baby T !!! Congrats babes 
Congrats Tahlia!!!! Love you girl 
Congrats Tahlia!! I love and miss you!! 
so proud of you my love !! 
aww my Tahlia i’m so proud of you 
congrats T! i’m so proud of you!!! 
I felt right at home with 
Will everyone do me a HUGE favor and complete this survey, it won’t take long and you can withdraw at any time! Deeply appreciated 
Congratulations to my brothers! Its been great watching you guys all year, can’t wait to watch you guys get another title! Much love!
Shouts to my brothers, congrats
BASEBALL
Baseball
Baseball 
Monarchs take the set 15-8 to win the match!!
Check out this awesome LIVE video we were featured in today!! 
Next time you fly 
Sailors take down HB 14-4 on senior day & improve to 8-0 in league play. You are awesome Davis and Knickerbocker...we 
So much love in this picture! 
The one thing Landri wanted to do at Disney World was meet all the Disney princesses and thanks to your donations, it happened! Dream fulfilled! 
The perfect ending to the last night at Disney. 
 GAMEDAY IN THE VILLE AGAINST MICHIGAN @ 7 
 GAMEDAY IN THE VILLE @ 7 
Here are your 
ALWAYS
a HUGE congrats to my best friend 
Couldn't be happier to have committed to USC for volleyball 
happy bday spen
Congrats Siena for committing to USC! I'm so proud of you
Congrats to my lil sis on committing! So happy we get another year together!
Congrats to one of my oldest friends for committing to play volleyball at USC
Congrats!! I miss you
Extremely blessed and excited to say that I have chosen to continue my softball and academic career at the University of Mississippi. Thank you to everyone’s who supported and believed in me through this journey. HOTTY TODDY
officially an aztec!
Tim and I are so grateful to be honored for our work at the Aflac Cancer Center at 
If y'all even had a clue how much she does for me. Wouldn't be where I am without her 
I ended up with an extra ticket to 
There's only one who will do 
I've been really trying to focus on small joys lately, & they feel so good 
Treated to a drink tonight! So grateful for my friends 
No space for hate in our community. We stand with 
If you missed last night, watch it FREE! Video starts 5 minutes in. Thank you to all those who helped.
If u haven't already .... Get 
THANK YOU EVERYONE FOR YOUR SUPORT. Roll on Saturday night for the results. 
45 mins left!!!! 

phone lines;-  09020 50 51 09
Mobile:-6 50 51 09
Or APP
VOTE NEW GIRL BAND
1 HOUR LEFT TO VOTE, love you guys and thank you so much for this 
Guys, girls we NEED You
THE VOTE IS OPEN UNTILL 1pm MONDAY
OR phone lines;-  09020 50 51 09
Mobile:-6 50 51 09
Or APP
VOTE NEW GIRL BAND
VOTE. 
Phone lines;-  09020 50 51 09
Mobile:-6 50 51 09
Or APP
VOTE 
And Good luck 
Happy birthday my love, thankyou for truly caring for me and for being so beautiful inside and out 
Love how she's explaining it to Stanley. 
Just arrived at the 
Thanks to all who came out to support tonight and had one for Albo. Forever in our 
The wait is over!! Introducing the new CBRC Campfire Mug!! 
Taking a break during an espresso bar training for some well deserved afternoon cortados! 
My pal 
So proud of this team and this coaching staff. Proud to be a jag 
@ 1:48 you can see 
4 years ago I stepped on this field as a 17 year old freshman who was immature and unsure about what was to come! Today I left Ladd Peebles as a man and in the most perfect way possible! Thank you to my teammates and Jagnation! I love you!
SHOUTOUT TO AUDREY FOR COMING IN AND WORKING HER BUTT OFF. Gonna miss you girl 
Friendly and inquisitive, our donkeys never miss a chance to say hello! Join in by reaching out and saying hello to someone on 
What an incredibly talented DJ Arch Jr! His message for 
Pain teaches you the only thing you can really count on in this world is Your Heavenly Father & Lord Jesus Christ because He loves you and will never forsake you, especially in your darkest hour. 
 Ace of Diamonds and I have hashed out our miscommunications. Unfortunately, I received bad… 
Chucky 
*heavy breathing* Hit that 
An honour to be in your presence 
How we are celebrating @ShakaMadida 1st bday in Kirstenbosch with Dada performing 
Your beauty is everything! God did not play games when he created you
Building an empire for you. You're turning 1 next week! Time flies! 
Last night was epic! Until next time 
Jesus Culture- One thing remains. (His love never fails, it never gives up and it never runs out on you)
My lovers
The first man I ever loved. 
A very hard hitting episode about domestic abuse & a great performance from 
Lalela!!! You are beautiful
Great night watching ECL's good friend 
Has always been my favourite song and always will be.. I sing it for special reasons.. 
the size of a dinner plate I 
Duy Huynh
Blue Moon Edition
I HOPE YOU HAVE I NICE WEEK!!!
Listen to "To Syria, With 
FEBRUARY >> we are excited to have Omar Souleyman, world & electronic music icon from Syria, perform here 
we're sure you'll love them 
hello! we are available online via 
it will be available some time next week, but only online via 
 Coco Bling was the first highlight I ever bought! Fast forward 2 years and it still keeps me poppin 
Received this beautiful 
 is one of my favorite brands! they constantly come out with amazing products
Holibae Lipstick Set from 
You know the drill! I'm on the plane... I got wifi... let's do a Q&A
Have you ever seen me call people nasty names? NO. So please don't do it on my socials or you will be blocked. Thank you guys!
Did you guys enjoy the 
 The Christmas Gift Shop is NOW OPEN! 
You're on the NICE List! Santa’s coming & CHRISTMAS STARTS TOMORROW! 
Very sad to be leaving Mexico 
And if you'd like to get donations to Bedayya - who support LGBTQ+ Egyptians on the ground, please dm us for details. Diolch! 
Follow & retweet for a chance to win tickets for 
A very worthwhile walk to the PO 
Hark at these from 
One big 
Mexico thank you 
Such an amazing set from 
 WAS AMAZING TONIGHT! EVERYTHING I HOPED AND DREAMED 
(2/2)I am so happy with the new life I’ve built myself &grateful for all of the support! Sportscasting(and JrHockey)will always be in my 
A BIG thank you for helping me get to 60% of my 
Lots of exclusives COMING SOON if you have pre-ordered my new album 
THANK YOU to everyone who came to my SOLD OUT show 
Our favorite view at the end of a long day. 
Happs brother
Happy birthday man!
Happs cav!! Hope it was a good day man
Happy birthday to one of my best buddies 
saturday + techno = 
Happy birthday buddy! Have a good one
Happy birthday to my best friend so many good memories love you brotha
London last night was amazing! Thanks to 
Want to hear a track off of the upcoming Keinemusik album? Want to even download it for free? Well, there you go: 
A massive thank you to 
 at the 
So sad to be leaving Ibiza tonight but I've had the most amazing time with the most amazing people 
"When I'm feeling good, Doc, I want to be next to you."

It's so good to see you, Eddie. 
Oh look, a couple of 
There was a special moment at 
We had a proposal during 
One of my 
Massive vibes from 
ICYMI: My interview w/
Lovely review of my upcoming Risa EP on 
Classic sparkle. 
My phones like my bestfriend 
Thank you Zink
Thank you Ariel
Thank you Fi
Happy birthday my mans 
Thank you KB
Thank you Maggie 
Thank you McKenna 
This is Fully Deserved!! Lots of Hard Work put in plus Real Passion! Well Done to All the 
Absolutely Love this boy Tay Tay!! 
Good to see you too bro!! Thanks geez 
Than youuuuuu - it sounds amazing 
No thank you 
 Grandparent’s Day is my FAVORITE!! I enjoyed witnessing the kids and their grandparents working through math problems and having fun together! I’m so thankful for this FRAmily!! 
Team work makes the dream work 
Good for you 
Incredible - the price of new offshore wind power has HALVED in just 2 years! Emma Thompson seems... quite pleased 
“Are You Smarter Than A Fifth Grader?!” 
There were all kind of HEART eyes for this lesson! Thanks Dr. Muldowney! 
A heart that knows love cannot do anything else but 
this song so much. Can you please hurry up with the video so we can drop it 
Good Morning 
Either she must name Charlton or me must name Curran shellyanncurran 
Unbelievable. Thank you 
Loving this shot of 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY !! I love you father be safe on your flight 
Cavo Paradiso, Mykonos. Thanks for dancing until sun came up and more. 
Milton Glaser, iconic ‘I 
I would love to visit
New original art for sale! Price includes professional mounting and framing too. Simply DM me if you would like to own this or buy it for a loved one! Happy Friday 
Three originals ready to be bought!Affordable but unique gifts. Thank you for all your support as ever 
My little brother 
Find someone who looks at you the way 
ON SOUNDCLOUD NOW! 

CLOSING PARTY (My Closing Set) 

Big
MEGA MEGA MEGA closing for 
The Effortless Way 
Happy National Redhead Day from the sassiest ginger I know
Bye SoftTech, Welcome Uncork: 
‘Live For The Moment’ is the biggest selling debut album for a band this year. Thank you everyone for buying the album, spread the word!
WHAT A YEAR SO FAR! 
Big love to every single one of you
Merry Christmas one and all 
Watched everything on 
1,000,000 streams of 
So psyched to watch 
My grandma just sent me the same picture four times. I’m not mad at it 
Love and miss your Mom everyday. Can't wait to bring her back to life on screen. 
So happy and lucky we had you, right there with us.  Congrats to you too, Sarah.  Just wonderful.
This friendship is everything 
So good to be back in Liverpool 
I'm honoured to be the newest Global Goodwill Ambassador for 
 just ran into 
Oh I adore this 
"If only I follow your heart" 
Opening night for 
I’ve been waiting all season to share this. The whole village together 
When an invite to brunch comes with a Bloody Mary kit! 
well written wonderful love story 
3 weeks in & we've had our first workshop performances; 'Hard Times' a new musical with an orchestra in a beautiful church. WE'RE HERE! 
Ah look at the cuteness of this!! 
On Saturday Breakfast this week 
I'm watching 
Tonight's the night guys, six chair challenge, wish me luck guys 
A lovely visit to 
By taking part in high quality music-making for the first time during this study, “shy children have become more confident, language skills have improved, social and emotional interaction has been enhanced.” 
amazing 
All My Love. Out now! 
So excited to support my Sis 
FANTASTIC POST!!! Thx so much! 
TOMORROW on 
Reason number 37585635384735 I 
Hot biscuits, warm apples & worship underscore 
Missin St Lucia &great spots like THIS: 
Watch us break down our strangest moments with the 
Love Is In The Air! 
Last night in Roma with my Love 
Honeymoon Adventures With My Hubby! 
Memorable day on the water with my Love 
 2my amazing husband 
Humbled. Thank you to all the people that have helped me along the way, I would not be here without any one of you. Friends. Family. Fans.
If u are outside in 106 degree weather shooting a video under lights, it's good 2 B  sitting next to someone you 
Looking back on 
I've known her since I was 19 years old and she's always been there for me. So good to catch up 
I love these guys so much
  
Dress: 
Thank you for helping us get to 20 million views for ' On Your Side' Here's a little Behind the scenes xx 
Oh my god I removed the last post because someone reminded me of untouched HAHAHAHA. 
Thank you guys for all the 


Ok. I hold my love dovey movies to a very high standard. And this one... My heart went through a holiday rollercoaster. No character was two dimensional. Everyone had a story, and struggle. 
Thinking of you 
Long Live Linkin Park. Their legacy is undeniable and last night inspired me so much. Thank you once again my brothers 
Squee!!! A new Stefanie London! My day is complete 
Flaunt fall's signature color from head to toe. 
New release 
Key messages:

 writers will be tweet chatting on Thursday (9pm GMT) about Romantic Fiction. Come and join us! 
So....Y am I on Twitter? Simple really.... to interact with similar minded individuals.... but also to acknowledge the hard work and total commitment of our awesome 999 emergency services people  
 tweet. To all the men who wanted to be dads but never got the chance for whatever reason. You sometimes (often) get forgotten in the infertility shit show & honestly, it's fucking criminal. Big love to you 
So thrilled with this review from 
LOVE  
Now in 2 days! 
Pre-order it! You won't regret it, I promise 
In that party mood and can’t stop thinking about 
Happy to be home 
Honestly, my life didn't even start till my 30s...met my OH at 31  started my business at 34, sold my first book at 41. IT'S NEVER TOO LATE 
We are super proud of our amazing and inspirational friend 
A new study by 
This team 
It brought me joy to open my own box 17 years ago, and It brings me joy to send off  these boxes today 
This little lamb cried for help so much that she almost lost her voice — but someone heard her and came to the rescue 
This puppy was given away because he was different — now he needs a forever home where he can be his silly self 
Two new awards gained in just two days.

Partnership Award & Best community project on a social estate.

Proud as punch, what a team!
“My favourite thing about street play is colouring you in”, amazing session today at Baillieston 
I had a great weekend at 
Such an awesome experience!! Thank you so much 
An absolute pleasure performing in the London's West End Phoenix Theatre. Amazing cast, crew and audiences. Thank you so much! 
Pope Francis!! You’d 
WHITE PLAINS 1 MAMO 0 OFF TO SEMI FINALS !!!!!!! 
 thank you for coming to Bedford. Loved the show, couldn't stop laughing and smiling 
Our hearts are heavy today remembering those lost to anti-trans violence. Today and everyday, we honor you 
AGGRO! 

6 great tips for weight loss 
Such a good version of 
OMG! 
Such an awesome night. Thank you to everyone who came and special love to. 
Happy birthday Colin Kaepernick 
Thank you so much for having me! 
One of the best days of my life! Thank you guys for giving me that experience 
 New fan
 OH AND BTW, as a HUGE thank you, anyone that pre-orders our album tomorrow will see their name in our album thank you’s! You will have 24 hours starting at midnight! YAY!!!! Oh and No Purchase Necessary info is here: 
Super hyped for this tonight 
 is such a hilarious yet devastatingly sad film ! 
Yay, congrats!!!!! 
Please don’t miss out on the amazing new 
Just seen 
Sheriff 
That's it from us folks for 
As our performers take their final bows we just wanted to say a huge congrats to everyone who took part in what has been a fab 
From mermaids, to heros, to cornflakes, to daisies and landing right back in my heart of Dublin with some titty wanks in foxrock 
I'll get you for this, pan, if it's the last thing I do 
Huge congrats to all involved 
Big love to TTV for reviewing our new single 
Spread more love. Make someone laugh, make someone smile, be good to each other, help someone out. It feels good
upcoming 
1 year ago today the true heart of Urdang was taken from us 
Get in there boysss
Single parents are the unsung heros who deserve tons of praise! Keep up the great work, the future of our country depends on you! 
Someone's bravery and willingness to serve and protect our great nation has NOTHING to do with their sexual orientation. I love and respect ALL members of our military and to them I say thank you! 
Knowing the current administrations stance on nature, I shouldn't have been shocked about their stance on animals. I am however ashamed! As someone who cares about our planet and is a lover of animals, I will NOT let Ignorance prevail! 
@teamClippedMX 
Find the monochromatic magenta Twi Twi Bag from the 
'I want to show what real people look like' - 
 This!
Awwww Lloyd, you gave me goosebumps! 
Amazing review from 
One bite and you’ll see why 
Spotted on Instagram 
I legitimately teared up when I saw 
Rollo wants to roll all the way into your heart 
Great product 
Look what just arrived 
Jose loves his kalettes 
So so proud of 
Great job to YOU, 
JOY. Woman is pure light. Lots of laughs. 
My heart. Thank you. You are special and sincere. 
Trader 5 - Spoiling you now - New to Haigh Thanya 
We need brave, new voices now more than ever.  The strong will always listen.  
Over 2.6 million views! Still one of my favorite dances! 
Ah how to prep to make up a musical w/ a Tony nominated actor who's in 
Hanging with the beautiful Bon Bons tonight at @
Aww thanks 
Such a great team - the definition of 
 I love love 
I've been the kid in the situation I'm sure they're so proud of you and will always remember your strength 
Double tap if you love our 
There’s so much to celebrate in life!!! 
Just used 
Yum. Yum. YUM. That 
Imagine the possibilities with 100+ 
We at Funding Circle would like to wish you all a Happy Thanksgiving! We're thankful for you. 
This makes me so happy... emotional but so so happy. 
Thank you for the repost and the love 
That’s a wrap. 
OMG. I love 
 is real 
This is how you make moves thank 
 LOVE voguearabia 
My fave place. Leaving w my 
 is out NOW ahhh go cop it
So much fun performing 
This is beautifullll
Congratulations to our 
So excited to FINALLY tell you the other person joining my tour... Kehlani 
The best advice a woman can give another woman is “Never Depend On A Man.” 
Having fun with these inspirational actors! 
And that would be the amazing 
Just saw we broke the 
 is officially double platinum??? Thank YOU!! Love my Lovatics so much 
This baby squirrel freaked out during the eclipse, so this guy took her in and made her a “jungle” inside his closet 
Hey I love you guys 
 A novel with many strengths and virtually no weaknesses by 
Whatta fuckin night 
Watch us break down our strangest moments with the 
LAY IT ON ME. 
Track 2 - Whole Heart 
Thank you NYC 
Thank you so much 
Thank you Sierra for your soulful and prodigious voice 
 ARE U READY?!!! I’m warming up  
A quick hello from 
 BEST NEW 
Gr8 to meet w/people who know+value the importance of mental wellness. 
Our hearts are heavy and we are thinking of all of those affected by the fires in NorCal. To donate: 
Yeahhhhh my 
Embrace your part of the journey and the process
No fear for holiday traffic 
A Parisian night on the town looks like this 
.
We're grateful for YOU! 
 = Old School. 
A MASSIVE heartfelt thank you to the team, 
Surprise peregrine falcon on the smokestacks!! 
Great first night 
Thank you for your support 
What do 
Show & Tell 
A lot has changed in 118 years, but a sisterhood rooted in love has been our constant.

Happy 
Eta Chi wishes everyone a happy Thanksgiving!! 
Why do 
Smiles + 
We need 100,000 Americans to sign the card thanking our troops this Thanksgiving. 
so happy to have written this bit for 
I
Turned around after wrapping up a hoodie and there’s 
Be in the moment. Live and love deeply and fiercely. Tell your loved ones you love them. Show them you love them. Then tell them again. 
Our favorite Canadians 
Love is in the air 
The Pony Express With Vera 
We love it! 
He has the 
We're so proud of 
Come out and support!!
Also super thankful for recieving the MVP here in IEM Oakland! 


This account turns 2 years old today. I just want to thank anyone who’s ever liked a post of mine. To entertain in this somewhat *unorthodox* way has been an absolute blessing. Extra noggin pats on me today 
you are a godamn renegade, 
 is saying what we are all thinking about! 
I love you, and I miss you, huuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu 
Big love to twitter again! Absolute dream job this & your support is making it even more of a dream 
Here we go!!!! Next stop China 
 of the week : 
 to when JJ and Will fell in love. 
Our girls got balls 
She’s a trooper, darling! 
Make her holiday season with with red, white and blue accessories! 
Cheering you on always babygirllll 
Retrogaming Memory! 
The Countdown has begun World 
Blown away by the audience at 
Who doesn’t 
Ross from friends > every other guy 
My brother 
"We rise by lifting others" - Robert Ingersoll 
So honored to receive an award today from the 
It's heartwarming to see 
Understand!! I have known about 
Huge thanks to 
Max has been for his booster today, thank you to his lovely chauffeur aunty 
I’m so honored to take part in this video with such an amazing charity
I honestly couldn’t be any more happy while watching 
What an experience tonight 
 I bended some rules and finally listened to you on 
Counselling is for ‘brave’ people 
 this pic of me (!) interpreting for 
WEDNESDAY I bring the trio down to Dublin for the first time! Please come and hang out with us so they’ll have us back ;-) 
Sunset pic #1,576 and I’m still amazed. As we wind down the meet, I may miss this view most 
Same!!! 
MANCHESTER !!!!!!! im here and soon lets have a dance 
soooo much love for 
And that's a wrap! Goodnight for the final time on series 1 of Science+Stuff with Emer Maguire on 
Winner winner chicken dinner we only went and won Group Ambassador Award 
in amazing company here, so much love 
Go see my sis OK!!! 
 god damn that new song is 
So are you 
That she is 
"You're holding backing the species, baby" -Leron Thomas 
Original 'Gulls Bounty' 
Say hello to Christmas gin cocktail number 1. This gingerbread creation is made with 
English or Thai Signature Menu at The Crazy Bear 
What a wonderful analogy - 
We’re looking at examples of love and we 
Glad to have been able to help
Breaking the 2-hour marathon. Crazy? Yes. So we’re doing it. 
Yes yes yesssss. Love you guys 
Beautiful faces from our Meet and Greet. It was lovely meeting you all 
TONIGHT
Thanks to everybody that stod by my side for the last months.Thanks to my  family,coach,teammates,Mino,DarioFort,Dahan,DrFu,DrVolker,Manutd and the most important my fanz.This was not a one man work without all of you I would not be playing fotball today Thank you and I 
So excited for you! 
Watching 
You are more than welcome! Today’s event was fabulous 
Great to attend 
This beautiful silver bead and heart bracelet is made entirely by hand with 925 sterling silver. Gift boxed and free UK delivery. 
Sane back darling.  Live you and Johnnie SO much 
What a load of cods wallop the papers write 
It was great. Sending lots of love to you and the family 
You were a joy too. Didn't we have fun. Lots of love 
This experience will live with me forever,i want to say a huge thankyou to every single person who has been behind us and got us this far!
Really enjoyed our dance 
I love you 
SO excited to launch our Hull Christmas Projects with 
 plz RT approx 2h.49 mins in raising awareness for 
 land of 1000 hills 
A lovely day creating some stones draw 
Tomorrow my amazing twin sets off on a trek around the Sahara for charity. Please give anything you can spare: 
Stay strong 
That's my Mackem lass 
NEW VLOG! 


not much?! are you kidding! That's amazing and very generous of you! 
I realise I'm 20 days late to doing this but I know we can smash it and make a huge difference together 
They’re getting on so well! They’re so cute together 
My beautiful daughter born at 29 weeks, weighing just 805g (1lb 13oz), 6 years ago. Amazingly she was strong enough to breathe unaided & thrived at the brilliant NICU at UCH. Emotional to recall this v.personal journey. My
My guy
So much 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday messages on Saturday. Appreciate it 
Saying farewell to the most thoughtful team 
New music "God's Gift" available to stream on Spotify

The 
 Just to say that as an Urgent Care Doctor I watched the 
Finally catching up on 
Today I will start my morning by doing 6 hours of care with constant pain.   PLEASE start yours having a run or maybe even having a lie in. Whatever it is I would swap within a sec 
Played one of the craziest shows of my career in Hong Kong last night, very surreal. See you guys soon 
Big Bro 
Certainly do....even if it's only for two hours this time.....I'll be back.... 
A-FIRM 
Lovely Captain 
Woop woop.....I knew I could rely on my 
My parents have been doing the Cancer Research ( 
LOVE THAT 
Good to see the boys react and bounce back with a win. Massive congratulations to 
Bradley's fight against neuroblastoma left a legacy that will help generations of children suffering from the disease. His story has raised crucial awareness and his mum and dad have set up the Bradley Lowery Foundation to help other children fight 
A thousands 
 is my happy place 
 congrats on a great achievement 450 games strong. I cant speak highly enough about you, a great role model on and off the pic! Sorry we couldn’t bring the points home together but we go again sat 
We love Caroline. Just so chuffed she’s co-hosting tonight’s 
Great night with 
"I hope you don't mind that I put down in words
How wonderful life is while you're in the world" 
Happy Birthday 
Happy bday Dad! 
Thanks pal 
Thanks Vic, great pics them 
My bro 
Football family. Remember them. 
Nearly cried watching my beautiful nephew blow out his candles!! 
A year ago today we got silver at the Youth Paralympic Festival in Utrecht 
This Day got so Much Better when the merch from some of my fevorite wrestler came today thank You
Happy birthday queen 
Eeeek so excited for a last minute trip to the Manchester Christmas Markets at the weekend with bae 
Family 
Stay strong my boy... GOD has you 
Duhhhh.... HAS TO BE.... 
Tan’s latest Instagram Live is now up on our YouTube channel! 
If you see 
Thank YOU for all your support! 
Happy Birthday, Mum. I love you 
CONGRATS 
 the classic charm 
Welcome to the world, adorable baby orangutan! Newest addition to 
Dream come true making my 
Most amazing honour being called into the 
Thank you to everyone who has offered knitted bonding squares for our Neonatal Unit. We’ll let you know if we need more in future but for now we have plenty. We’ve had so many offers our cupboards will be overflowing! We're overwhelmed by your kindness. Thank you. 
Thank you to everyone who has offered knitted bonding squares for our Neonatal Unit. We’ve had so many offers our cupboards will be overflowing! We’ll let you know if we need more in future but for now we have plenty. We're overwhelmed by your kindness. Thank you. 
Just regular things for 
mamma haim’s jacket from the 80’s 
thank you 
 The Con album just turned 10 + 
Gotta think of the good ol days at times like this!  
Our love's an asylum. Where we go, go, go, go crazy 
gimme moarrrrrrr 
Love conquers all... 

mydreamforanimals 
 U Both Forever 

Happy birthday to my best girl 
 Loved 
The day is indeed yours 
i'll be on 
GIGGS STORMZY MAYA HAILEY WINNIE NELAM LEIGHANNE EDWARD  ELLA DILONE THANK YOU AND SORRY THAT YOU ALL HAD TO EXPERIENCE REIGN LUV U ALL 
ANYWAY THANK YOU TO EVERY ONE WHO CAME OUT IT MEANS EVERYTHING TO ME 
If you want to support my business and passion for my female focused platform please follow 
 congrats bro
Happy birthday to the sweet, talented 
It's what's on the inside that counts, right? 
My fave performance was the 
Kesha because that was a HUGE comeback, and she performed a song that should be a national anthem 
Why Does GQ 
Lobster roll from 
This has become a thing!! I’m obsessed with all of your versions!! Send me more!! Pweeeesseeee!!! 
Late night 
Very, very seldom do I have those "I 
My heart is full. 
Since 2008 we have donated more than $1,000,000 to honey bee research. 
Learn more about Häagen-Dazs 
•like fave retweet• lmk what y’all think 
The gorgeous ballet slipper orchids steal the show in this masterpiece - can you spot the most perfect heart rose 
Love you 
Join us tonight at 
How did you like that FREESTYLE!? Our dances are done, now we need your VOTES!! 
My boys! 
One dance down, one to go! Vote at 
 supporters, we need ALL your votes tonight at 8/7c! 1-800-868-3404 or 
She’s my best friend, the love of my life. l can’t wait to spend the rest of my days waking up to 
Galynn we love you! 
Grab the tissues. We have a feeling 
Major major 
We've come 500 miles! Please keep them dancing!! 
Do you spot the ears?? Go 
Now you know! This IS 
STANDING WITH HEROES - TO ALL VETERANS, OUR TROOPS & THEIR FAMILIES - WE SALUTE YOU. 
We had so much fun! 
You own it every performance,  no doubt. Flawless and natural!! Just love you! You know that, see you in the finals!!
SWAT fans for the win!  Yeaahhh, thank you for the love 
Can't YOU see that I love NOBODY ELSE? 
Binge watching 
Loving my new 
FCCU Field Day with my favorite everrrr 
SKIN&EARTH IS HERE

What was just mine for so long is now yours. I hope you love this record as much as I do 
Giants is #18 on hot ac radio in America, babies we top 20!!! Huge love to everyone who believed in this song
Perfect bridal party style! Bride (center) and the two bridesmaids beside all in DTP! 
I’m covered in paint and have no makeup on so thank the lord for Snapchat filters! Jamming to my favourite one 
Thank you for having us 
Always such a pleasure to be a part of 
It is my favorite part of the month again! Time to 
Tomorrow & Thursday, 
So much love for this girl!!! Beyond thankful to get to cheer next to her the entire game yesterday.
It's important to CELEBRATE your sisters. My 
 thank you to everyone who gave me happy birthday wishes & who interacted with our 
HAPPY HAPPY HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
 how amazing does 
A6. I 
I need this in my life! 
Beautiful reminder of what I’m striving for 
My little Moshe 
"Someone said that moms are the rocks that never crumble. I don't think that's true, cause I do." 
Thanks for having us, 
To improve the overall experience for guests,Managers need a little pamper time too! 
Hi university students who 
A HUGE thank you 
If you were a football manager, which club would you rather be in charge of?

RT – Leeds United

Love is the air 
 ANY money goes a long way out here and the children are very sick and need operations, I have enough followers and I am please asking you to donate ANYTHING that you have spare.. the children really need help x thank you 
Little finds 
Always a gift for us to b a part of the movement, we r the inspired ones 
Thank you to everyone who watched, donated to CIN and the project for 
A HUGE thank you to the incredible volunteers who worked tirelessly on 
 how did that happen? What a difference from when we were there, an absolute credit to all the volunteers who worked tirelessly! Glad blue watch could be of service! Best of luck 
Sunset vibes from the other weekend in Morgan City 
Great product 
Two of my favourite chefs will be rocking it tonight. Lucky 
Jose loves his kalettes 
Which brothers are you taking?  

RT - Shola + Sammy 

Pat just LOVES Christmas, and loves helping Operation Christmas Cheer! 
Is there anyone out there who 
Loved meeting stars Bow, Geng and Tim 
Some fabulous 
Best friends since nursery. The nutty trio. These girls are so kind and supportive of one another. Makes nt heart swell with pride hearing how they speak of one another. Congratulating each other on their performance today. 
 my almost 3 year old little girl is OBSESSED with your crane in 
Opening act 
 ! Cheers 
Celebration of one thing does not equal the denouncement of another. I wish people would get this. It's tiring having to repeatedly explain. For example, "I love my hair" does not mean I hate yours...Expressing ourselves exactly as we wish is where true freedom lies...
Awwww this made my day! Thanks Moz! 
Mum/Dad Son/Daughter - Barry & Jackie Family Photo. 
So many memories, so many friends, so many shows. Warped will never die
YES!! cannot express in words how much I love these 
It breaks our hearts that our upcoming tour in Europe and the U.K. has been cancelled, but mental health should always be a priority. We stand behind 
We love 
Thanks for being the best band. I love 
Happy 1st Birthday to 
‘This Light I Hold’ 
My new album The Hype is officially available everywhere. Thank you 
Philadelphia - Friday


I am so grateful for everything you guys do for me. These shows are getting more amazing every night. I love giving it my all for you 
Such a fun night celebrating the 
Just watching Top of The Pops 1984 and 
a nice reminder 
THANK U SO MUCH 
The queen has arrived! Your new issue featuring 
Everyone go check out 
Yesterday’s dinner was created by the famous 
Thank you soooo much for this interview with my favorit artist
Exciting times ahead 
A huge thank you to everybody at McColls Parkhead, especially Dave the manager, who have generously raised £150 for Whirlow Hall Farm’s educational work with some of the most disadvantaged children in Sheffield 
This study demonstrates that we should never interpret HRV in isolation to assess the training status 
Thanks Sophie
And I’m sure all our artists and makers will want me to thank our staff, volunteers, workshoppers and eateries for their hard work. 
The always amazing Denise Welch Winter Ball with 
Thanksgiving is right around the corner and 
 
Thank you for your hard work this season
Today Dundee says farewell & good luck to 
Can everyone please retweet this? 2 subjects so close to my heart. Love one - hate the other. See link 4 details  
 GIVING UPDATE: $21,130 raised for 
Heavyweights need love 
 is now playin my moms event 
 this 
Our CBeebies presenters have sent their hugs for Hospital Heroes and we'll be sharing more stars soon!

Solidarity and strength to our trans family, today and every day. 
The Jake Ellis Rembrance Ball 2017 
Lovely tea 
Yes definitely 
Checking-In has never been easier 
Needed a pick me up.... 
Love g 
 Hi guys my friend brooke has run out of options she has been told there's no more the UK can do to treat her cancer so now needs to go to america to trial a new treatment. Even if you can spare 1pound it will help u can donate here 
Much love brother 
So humbled 
Restart a heart day 
Fantastic restart a heart day today at HHA - over 300 pupils trained in CPR 
Amen! 
'Great teachers are like melodies that you can’t get out of your head.' Love this! 
Stunning 
We are getting a lot of 
My absolute favourite view when delivering  our handmade chocolates- 
Gorgeous shout out for the boss from Tim 
We care about 
Catering Order for Total Bank for the trade show at Watsco Center earlier this week 
Love our new addition from 
It's Sato Saturday!! So it's time to show off your sato/sata!! 
All satos (slang for street dog) are brilliant! 
Hello Twitter! We're here!! 
he spits the truth 
huge congrats 
Is all about 
 from us to you, on this, 
 I 
Stay safe everyone 
Love seeing all your photos! Keep it up guys!
This woman has helped me GROW so much! And kick butt in my biz! 
Great interview with 
Sharing the love is what it’s all about! I appreciate the retweet! 
The McRae’s had a day of filming at home today and guess who obviously felt very relaxed around the cameras and crew - Audrey Bluebell McRae 
We're partnering with the 
Monday. Blessed with generous spirits 
This is a wonderful thing. 
Amazing 
The most amazing lunch, as usual at 
These powerful words 
Freya reporting from London at the 
Watch valerianmovie on 4K ultra HD and Blu-Ray 11/21 
Christine! You legend! Absolute pleasure to see you awarded this! 
Time to settle down with an absolute gem of a movie 
Enchanté ma petit livre...
Full schedule now available for 
What better way for 
All babies in 
Fall in 
 this! Please show your support and RT!! 
With the Songwriting Marathon completed a week ago I am staggered by the kindness in the past 7 days! On behalf of myself and 
Honorary graduate Sir Terry Wogan will always be in our hearts on 
leaving Miami this morning, but what a true honor to have been among these writers at the 
in Charleston for 
Never a dull moment. 
 @ The Quality Chop House 
Much love 
When your dad visits during 
What if we thought of educators time with students as an opportunity; not in the Trenches? 
Dinner. Done. 
This weeks read 
Re. those Cadbury's chocolate dispendsng machines...
Our small place!!
 closes her 
Julie, our self care facilitator and members of her Expert Patient Programme unveiled a plaque in Victoria Park today in memory of two former EPP Course leaders 
Woot! Managing Director's WeCare Special Award - just amazing. So ridiculously proud of the whole paediatric team at Whipps - very grateful to be a part of it
Welcome to Fiona, the newest member of Acorns family - we're lucky to have her ! 
To my Haitian TPS community: I love you and I’ll continue to fight with you. 
Couldn’t have said it better 
I love seeing good people win, evolve and thrive. 
AAAAAA college goal (bukod sa grumaduate) achieved hahaha Yaaay 
G’wan Spittle!! 
New shop window 
From musical “Waitress” which I need to see now. Bravo!  
We totally geeked off about this 
It's a new month and a new chapter in your life! Let's own this month and make it our own 
About to film the 
LOVE. THIS. 
I’m admitting it, love 
Yup. I’m glad 
Thank you Abby and Asia for making my day!! 
No TV + games = family night. 
It’s how 
This was a great episode 
So much fun happening here at 
 I follow you for your everyday activism, your beautiful bunnies, and your glorious humour. 
A tad down this weekend, completely lifted up listening to 
Coming to you, sometime in December! Thank you 
Whoever you are. Thinking of you, hope you've found some peace now 
 Loved being at all 5 
Our new track 
Me and the boys made it to number one on the charts today! Blown away by the love and support y’all 
On Oct. 22, we'll be playing a secret concert where we play 'South America' in its entirety, start to finish. Message to know more. 
A House To Mend A Broken Heart
Basel 
In celebration of our 2nd anniversary, a shoutout to some of our very first Twitter followers & biggest supporters: 
74 days with bae 
I would like to thank 
Great night 
Always a treat when I get to see you
Love is nothing to rush, I know you wouldn't hurry me
Would you like to be Mrs. Sydel Alicia Curry-Lee?

My beautiful fiancé 
Happy birthday to my boy 
Happy birthday blooood 
Happy Birthday not just to a friend but to a yon
Happy birthday to one of my best friends but also my brother 
Still cannot believe it! But i know it’s going to be the WEDDING OF THE YEAR! Congrats 
Awwww the feels 
 Good morning Australian friends. I just posted a stupid little vid on Facebook. 
Giving out some 
It’s a London weekend with MrsP so it’s dinner for two at Pugh Towers
Ted Lindsay
gutted to hear that a club that I hold so close to my heart 
Disney on Ice for the girls today. First one I’ve missed since Frankie was born. Enjoy girls 
Acadia Axemen win in overtime 45-38! So proud of all the work they’ve put in over the year. A win well deserved 
Stay in the 
Oh this is gorgeous 
Tune in now to my show 
Kick off your weekend at 
Just arrived at the 
RT if you l 
Meet Kim and Soung. They’re doing this for their families and for each other 
Send your nearest and dearest some love with Luciano and Martino's delicious pasta 
Shout Out to Beatport for showing 'Dawn' some 
As promised, 5th anniversary details cometh!! On Friday, Nov 24, we are offering $5 pints alllll day AND a German Chocolate Cake Stout served with Salted Caramel 
It finally fits! Never too early for shameless brand promotion 
Percy knows that Saturday evenings were really made for snuggling...& now all he needs is a cuddle buddy, could that be you? 
‘Til we meet again. 
Head to our Instagram to enter this epic giveaway by 
Supah Ninjas...Chasing Life...and Zoo, oh my!! We covered it all. Thank you 
That’s right! Super stoked to be working with 
My heart just exploded. 
This is so cool! The Two/Family House is on Too Much Monday's November book box 
Pre-order this amazing new book by 
Flew out to surprise my mom. 
Belly x 
love bro. you inspire us all 
 Our extended  
Yesterday on 
Yesterday's 
She’s incredible huh? 
Caught the 2nd airing 
Read this exclusive interview 
Happy Release Day 
4th foldout US cover with these beautiful babes from 
LA you have my 
1 year ago today. We miss you, gampy. 
In my opinion, real fur is outdated in more ways than one. Faux fur is where it's at 
ADORE this 
You NEED to watch Ashton Kutcher's adorbs speech about Mila Kunis and their fam 
The music video playlist has been updated again! What is your favorite?! 
Happy birthday Johannes, I love you brother! 
 wishing you all a fantastic Sunday 
 Her from day 1 
Long time ago 
Man Without Country x White Sea x Sebastien 
Gwyneth Paltrow is reportedly engaged 
NO fires here!! Just sisters who love to cook together 
Absolutely thrilled to announce my debut Essential Mix this weekend on 
My boss just booked me tickets to New York cause I’ve been working so hard and deserve a break 
I am soooo proud of this guy 
 with 
A massive thank you to 
So sad to be leaving Ibiza tonight but I've had the most amazing time with the most amazing people 
Birthday Presents from the unpacked_events crew: Whiskey & Socks, the perfect Winter Mix 
Sunday is studioday. Like everyday... 
Breakfast.
Next Tour Stop  NORDSTERN Basel. Playing Bingo all night long...
Goofing around at the hotel ... maybe this track could go somewhere? 
Just the three of us......we make it if we try..... 
The crew here at Por Favor Events 
Hes made a big impression with 
Not long until 
Massive vibes from 
Big-up to our brother 
We and our labels 
HOODRICH VOL 3 OUT NOW ON ALL DOWNLOADABLE STREAMING SITES!!!

THANKYOU TO EVERYONE INVOLVED, WORDS CANT XPRESS 
So long as my family and close ones are good, my job is done. 
'We're only human......' 
Devil's in the details 
*ATTENTION PLANNERS*

Today on I 
Playlist updated: we have new releases from artists 
Honestly, so excited to get the fuuullll 
My 'She Freaks' EP is finally out exclusive to 
Had an awesome time playing at 229 this weekend! Thanks to everyone who came down to support! 
Check out I 
Forgot how good the Autonomic Fabriclive album was jeeeeez, absolute game changer. Up there with Caspa & Rusko’s in terms of forward thinking 
Happy B'day 
Wow wow wow Austin that was incredible. What a mosh. 
My new 
Today marks the day that we won our licence back. It’s also a perfect reminder to thank everyone who made this possible and for all the kind messages today that we’ve received. You've made us feel loved 
Special night redroomvancity last night 
A big shout out to 
Round 2 of finding our new home this week! We see some breath-taking spaces on our first trip, we won't settle for anything less 
We took a little trip to Stoke on Wednesday to find our new home!

STOKE! We are coming up to you tomorrow, it's time to find the new home of Sankeys Stoke 
Sankeys 
Thursday 19th January at 10am.


Huge thanks to everyone that came out to 
Bless!!! One for the books 
Look at the puppies!!!! 
Our girl 
Dammnnn 
Just heard that 
 check out our new single “Another Round” ft. 
Just 
2017 surely belongs to 


Such a brilliant night organised by such a lovely team 
 this summer! Thank you 
super excited about my vocals getting better, been practicing a lot for you loves 
Soooo much love for this 
Thank you New Orleans 
Nothing beats singing your heart out to your favorite artist with some of your closest friends
THE BEAST KING IS UP RIGHT NOW! Huge shouts to 
San Francisco will hold a special place in my heart after last night. 
Thank you to the 
Well Miami, I came with the intention of a marathon set at Heart club last night, but I never expected to end playing for 25 HOURS and 30 minuets! That’s the longest set ever of my life, and would be difficult to repeat it as you can’t plan that, it just happens. Thank you 
So excited to FINALLY tell you the other person joining my tour... Kehlani 
Scream was dope! I 
super stoked to announce the drop of our online merch store 
More love please. 
Congrats everyone! See you in Vegas soon!!! 
ICYMI: Love these guys and what they do. So happy to be a part of this track 
Exclusive: 
LA dreamin’. What an unreal night 
Praying for everyone over in mexico. Sending all my love 
thank u for including us in Best of the Week, 
we will miss you 
So much love for 
Regarding last night.
So much love D.C. for coming out 
Thanks so much again dude 
Is he not the cutest?!?!? This is Gigi’s Corbin and the graphics are everything! 
A track from paradise 
Too cute! 
i love bouncy balls thanks 
Thanks for all the birthday and anniversary wishes! I love you guys!!! 
Thanks for the awesome review on 
Today, thousands of Canadians are walking to 
yessss thanks for all the support guys 
Unreal ending to an unreal summer 
My first ever Tomorrowland was amazing!!! 
LoooooOOKK AT THIS BOY
Yo Puppycrew! I teamed up with 
listening to edc orlando live 
Wow. Thank you so much 
I have fatigue and pain in muscles I didn't even know existed. What a weekend. Thank you 
Everything 
Won't be forgetting this anytime soon! Thank you Harbourlife. 
This little lamb cried for help so much that she almost lost her voice — but someone heard her and came to the rescue 
This puppy was given away because he was different — now he needs a forever home where he can be his silly self 
I love playing in Cali 
regrann from janae_aniece  -  Today!!!! Make your way down to I 
Time Warp is now up on 
good days give happiness 
bad days give experience
worst days give lessons and
best days give memories 
The boys over at 
WINNER!!! Congrats to 
Your love will be in our hearts 


Excited to be partnering with 
i LOVE listenin this song
IM SO FUCKING DRUNK IN ISRAEL THANK YOU ALL FOR THE BIRTHDAY WISHES 
SAN FRANCISCO - thank you for the unforgettable vibes last night. We sold that baby out. Till next time. 
+
They can do no wrong. 
There is literally a band called FITNESS (for your gymsperation) 
It was an absolute honor to open for 
Beautiful weirdness by our fav 
Thank you!!! Can't wait to hear ur new record 
Were #5 on 
MOOD Forever 
TK Kravitz is my new fav
Respect Queen 
As you have enabled my insane sour patch addiction, I implore you to send health helps to my beautiful friend, Lovers 
In complete awe. Couldn’t imagine a better place to start the awake tour denver. Got pretty emotional playing that set last night. 
Sooo excited to kick off this tour in Dallas 
Master Poasum is holdin my vibrator and watchin Home Alone.
wanted to thank all the extra musicians who helped us play this live at scala 
Every single song is a banger 
So much love. Thank you 
 PAYTON IS HOME! 
 PEYTON UPDATE 
PAYTON UPDATE
 WALKER UPDATE 
 GUCCI 
Kendrick 
Ur an amazing radio 
 u nutters u r wonderful
THANK YOU, DC. We love you. No words...
Save 30% Off all 
A great night 
Only 3 days left to buy the tshirt we designed for 
 just an update 
 y’all check this out 
In the words of 
Gotta' wish all at 
Now offering chocolate bars from 
Need an afternoon energy boost? Check out our favorite local snacks at 
Happy bday you badass bitch 
Everyone, I can't tell you how excited I am!!!!!! 
WEEKEND IS HERE BABY 


Congrats to the winner of $50 gift card giveaway 
Lovely lady 
Some South America Prismaticness for you! 
A huge "thank you" to our audiences, cast, co-producers & team for 
Our debut single “Enough” is available NOW everywhere music is sold. 
Sending so much love to Australians waking up to the results of the marriage equality vote. Let's hope it's a celebration of love!                  
We're absolutely in love with this photo taken by jessy985 on La Digue! 
ICYM: 
New review! 
Cheesemaker's breakfast. Thanks 
THE SHINE!!! 
Y’all, today was the last day of 
 a different kind of jam! A jam of love 
 Ola Play. Reduces perceived ride time and makes Indian roads bearable
My "I 
It's the LAST DAY to bid for 
Love my boys thou 
The Vinnie's Team worked hard today 120 Free Meals served today. A huge Thankyou to all the Vinnie's Team 
Please RT 
Thanking God for the progression 
 Vinnies's is ran on donations The Free meals cooked is from donations. Please help
Follow &  RT 
Football 
*COMPETITION*

Who wants to win a guitar?! I will be using this beauty throughout the 
So much love and appreciation for 
Brought my mummy out last night!
Lovely news about 
Super hyped for this tonight 
Happy Birthday to the one and only 
beautiful SPO with my love 
Beatport Indie Top Ten for how many weeks now? Thank you everybody for your support 
thanks so much for the love 
When I grow up, I want to be an old school raver 
Last few giggles with the Australia bound 
This is what all breakfasts should be like 
London with my girl 
Cultcaine's favourite song 
GANG FL 
You're not like anyone else, so stop trying to be like everyone else. 
Home sweet home 
Seriously though just 
Resounding marriage equality referendum result sends a message to LGBT+ young people in Australia that their feelings are just as normal as anyone else’s. Now give them the same rights. 


Hands up who 
Now who don’t 
Year 5 have returned from 
Off to the campfire soon ! Year 5 
Beautiful view of Treforest from our student halls on campus!
Party time with the 
My totem family this evening 
"LYM" with my G 
that 
Filming day at 
Shimmy shimmy 
'Thinkin' Out Loud' 
Thoughts and prayers going out to the people of Tehama County, CA 
Thoughts and prayers going out to NYC 
NorCal on my mind..... stay safe. Sending u guys love 
Sending love to the people of Mexico City and Puerto Rico 
Sending love to everyone in the path of 
Incredibly proud and excited to be able to share this.

Lone - DJ Kicks. 

September 29. 

Preorder: 
Our debut album proper: Colón Man out now on DDS 
Nothing better than making music with friends 
Happy birthday to my big bredrin 
I thought I loved 
Today is a cool day 
Pasta you fuck up my stomach but I love you and I will never stop eating you 
I’m live on 
For real I’ve got some stuff to send y’all rn 
Woah we're #7 right now the Hype m remix charts! Let's get this shit to #1 please smash that like button 
A Insta like is worth thousand words 
NEW festive drinks! Choose from our indulgent Gingerbread Latte and or our creamy hot chocolates . 

Which one will steal your heart? 
 HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! 
Denver fam luv you all 
Hypnotic 
We've been to some incredible gigs this week! 
Was so nervous but such a cool experience ! 
Tune in to BBC Introducing in Suffolk tomorrow to hear them play ‘Standing Still’ AGAIN  - we 
Happy Birthday to our girl with the Golden Heart,  Sparkling Mind and Searching Soul...  We love you Emmy!!! 
So happy to welcome 
IF YOU LOVE MONDAYS 
FINAL CHANCE to book tickets to join us with 
Dear Africans, These Young Girls Deserve Endless Retweets 
 New fan
A LITTLE LIGHT available now 
With every new generation this world creates positive changes. It’s us, the young that will change things for the better. I’m SO happy for Australia!!! 
‘As a Fundraiser, you don’t think about yourself. You think about others’ 
 (21) thanks for a v good interview
I love Matt Maltese  
Yay, congrats!!!!! 
what a night, you guys slayed 
Saturday night is partyday night. 
Thank you for all the 
Good luck on your movie premiere! I wish I can be there to watch but I'll be there in spirit 
PROUD TO ANNOUNCE WE WILL BE RETURNING TO JIMMYS IN JANUARY FOR A WONDERFUL ONE DAY FESTIVAL 
Mexico 
So many amazing artists on our streets to find! 
Mr & Mrs, a decoration for the happy couple 
Get well soon! 
my incredible women friends sharing stories & thoughts in a loving, curious and strengthening way. I love you I need you thank you
Can't wait to see THIS fav renaissance man and fun time friendo 
Went to see the 
thank you, Manchester!!!

Gotta love 
Hey Guys!

Our new single ‘Worth Fighting For’ is OUT NOW!! 
Who’s listening to it? Who’s downloaded it? Who’s streaming it? What’s everyone fighting for today? 
Follow the link below to grab yours! 
Spread the word! 
Tonight! 
Nobody does TV like 
Just had my mind blown by Natalie Dormer in 
Australia just knocked it out the park. 

Sneak peak from our 
It's our second mail day of the week! We're Packing up your treats and sending them out- one of my fave tasks at Biscuit HQ! 
Reviews for Merrily! 
Learn to love Christmas shopping with Etsy Made Local. All locations listed here: 
Soooo much luv 2 
SO happy to be able to share this news. Keeping quiet has been tough!! 
Sitting in the 
You doing anything today? Fancy watching our lovely 
On top of the world 
How lucky we have been to work with this amazing group of theatre makers! See you in March... 
Oh my. The final trailer. This is not a drill. 
If you like 
This is so true. 
The Jack Original Body-Wash is now available from 
Lunchtime in London = fine dining at The Shepherdess 
Glorious..... GLORIOUS  
High on 
Still dancing together for the past three decades 
Did someone say, Panto?! We would 
I’m climbing a small mountain to help Moe climb a very big mountain.  Please help him too, if you can 
Thank you to everyone who has re-tweeted our funding page over the last few days! We appreciate it so much 
Thirty one years ago today we got married. Mullet and all! 
 is a rock-soul/pop icon and fabulous songwriter. 
Thanks everyone. Thanks 
Me and my carry oot all ready to see 
So thrilled to say the Jack Original  500ml body wash will be launching soon. Notes of lime, marijuana, mandarin and vetiver 
Fancy some Christmas shopping in London today? 9am-6pm 69 Albert Bridge Road, Jack Perfume will be available alongside a host of other amazing brands including @sophiedundasclothing 
For further details of our amazing stockists, please visit our website 
Christmas is on the way! All 3 Scents and Candles are available in store 
Come and join us & a host of lovely designers 
That’s a wrap on 
Jo Knows...
New dresses available to pre-order now at 
 Pop up today only in Battersea 69 Albert Bridge Road 9am-6pm 
Beauty Lilly Singh in 
 giant heart Loren dress 
Floral keyhole dress has now landed at 
All you need in life is good friendship and laughter... it’s the little things 
Just In: Benefit concert in SF raised $17M for low income victims of 
Well after a month of wedding celebrations it’s back to work and to one of my favourite events of the year, hosting 
Already excited to cry in the bath to this album on a Sunday night 
Andddd a Happy Born day to this wonderful  being 
Yep! It's a great cause...please come out or donate!! 
Oklahomies. 
Look what just came in! 
I want to help people I’ve never met. I’ve written an exclusive online course 
I hope U had a good time last night!! Thanx my friend!! We appreciate that!!
We had a full house last night as 20 lucky local children’s charities were chosen to receive funding from this year’s 
thank you Aly for being so brave and sharing what happened with the world. You are an inspiration to so many. I love and support you always.
happy veterans day dad 
So excited to see 
Thanks Pey! 
Love Bread will be at our event on Thursday 23rd November 
A tiny bit of snow forecast for Monday! We 
Thank you for the dedication RT 
This is just one of the many reasons we love 
Thank u for your kindness. I can't wait for the show tonight. 
Rumpus Original Poetry: Two Poems By Christine No - The 
Deagh naidheachd! Tha i airidh air. And Claire and Máire too, wonderful 
HAPPY ANNIVERSARY 25 YEARS TODAY SINCE THE FIRST AB FAB! It must be a lie none of u look a day over 20 sweetie darling! 
Hooray!!!....a session on the London Underground 
Sandwood, March 2017 on one of my pilgrimages
A crystal clear day that inspired the track 'Dizzy Blue'
#
I had a gorgeous time last night in leeds. Thank you all 
 you were amazing tonight 
Yesterday’s show at 
Oh what a beautiful morning.......

Two of the best, 
I love my fans 
Q: Can we ever get enough of 
Love you guys 
Thank you very much for the continued support 
Excited to return to the 
"love me like @versace_official" 
Meet and greet pics by 
 Love Unlimited will curate a special event series 
Two London leodhasachs patiently waiting for 
"You’re a person. As someone who put her face to something to humanise it, ironically, you get dehumanised. But you’re a person. Not a campaign. Not a political slogan. Not a belief. A person." 
i’m so fucking proud of you!!! you’re so successful and you deserve it all. 
NOW IN welcomeskateboards 
I got to pet a llama at a time when I really needed to and it honestly gave me strength 
Thanks so much for today - you facilitated such brilliant discussions, all of you. I 
Ripping my heart out at Nightgowns last week 
AGAIN THIS MORNING IM SO GRATEFUL 
 here's how much people 
Happy that me and dan have booked Manchester for a night away for the Christmas markets now
Our headshot photographer 
And today marks the start of our new term! 
Want to know more about 
We always 
Happy birthday daddy 
this 
What a special night. Celebrating life + honouring the memories of our friends who couldn't be with us in person, especially Emily who I, + so many of us, miss so much. Happy Lungs Bday 
Got my tickets 
We're getting 
Thank you, thank you, thank you 
 YES YES YES. LOVE IS LOVE. 
Thank you to all you gorgeous gals that joined us for the 
also, a massive thank u to these gorgeous teen powerhouses from the Aorere College choir - have been a fan since i was at school & knew they would beautifully anchor this hometown performance of GL 
Thank you Stephen Young Salon - our children will love this!
Absolutely the real thing!! This is Denise - she is that amazing! 
I am so lucky to have the most supportive friends ever, don't know what I would have done without them all yesterday!
Night night princess 
Forever in our hearts 
Beautiful service for a 
Lovely to receive my badge in the post today! Thank u 
So proud to be part of this amazing team! If you have the passion come join us and share the pride ! 
Best friends' day out 
We hit 500 followers on Instagram!! Follow us and stay in the loop for event announcements and loads more!
Oh boy,
It hasn't even really started and I want cod's cheeks already!!

Just met Helena who has set up a family run friendship & dating agency from first hand experience of her sister who has a learning disability wanting to find love and friendship.  Details below for London people interested. 
Practice makes perfect 
All the best for the future Ribs 
The Great Hall and Gryffindor common room! 
the castle. always the castle 
They are fantastic 
December is almost here, and we’re reflecting on the past few weeks - it’s been so encouraging 
Wonderful Carmel! And SO much deserved! Paul and I send much love 
Beautiful Menna.....and momma Rachel too of course 
Are you a Support Worker in maternity who loves your job? Get involved. Tell us why you 
Our very own MidSoc president 
I would like to thank all those who supported me and my team (especially the Detroit city fans)and tried to give us the chance we earned to win regionals and go for states. No matter what the result was me and the team are really appreciative of your support
 Thank u for all ur support. We had an amazing season n we couldn’t of done it without u. Looking forward to next season 
 Thank you so coach, I still love you even though you keep nutmegging me 
 has an ambitious vision: "To be at 
I love the text 
The view is breathtaking 
what a great shoot! taken by 
 will be running networks for survivors of 
Overwhelmed by the welcome and hospitality in Nigeria 
Everyone go & donate to this great thing! If you win please let me be your plus 1. 
Tonight was perfection. Thank YOU 
10 tix left as of last night for tonight's show at The EAGLE Inn in Salford 
You’re a legend Miss D. Congrats on 30 rocking years of T’Pau! 
It’s been a week I haven’t been listening to anything else 
can't fucking believe i'm in the newest issue of 
HUGE SALE ON AT 
Tonight we travel to face higher opposition 
All at the Ton would like to wish 
DEAR LISTENERS! This week, the very funny 
I-F is the real deal. Always has been. The best! Thanks 
Women's Circle 
I'll be supporting one of my heroes 
This is worth the watch. Be You. Be Proud. Always. Thank you mom. 
I've said it before and I'll say it again MO SALAH is the fucking MAN! YNWA 
I’m reading this Saturday with 
A stunner by 
 Thank you! Hope you dig it. xx
Loving the single Denise 
Life is too short man. Live it up 
Great to spend time with you and so proud of everything you are doing 
That's bro 
Get in thereeee, World Cup final sunday
Up late w/Monte @ KVMR chatting w/
Leaving Ontario. 
Tonight we are back out on the streets with a team doing a mobile outreach around the streets of London providing  hot drinks , breakfast bags and gloves &a hats to our homeless friends. 
We have a mail sack full with 
Reunited with my angels 
Just got back from Vegas this evening, have to say the best experience of my life 
Less than a week til the Magical Middlesbrough Parade! Give us a like if you’re as excited as we are! 
Love this picture of me and my latest gadget 
A mother's unconditional love 
All you need is love and a gorgeous girl called Loubie Lou this 
Ready or not, here she comes!! Loubie Lou is our gorgeous 
She loves a game of fetch and is a loving lass too 
Nathan 
Can you turn Asha's frown upside down this 
Active furever home needed for our gorgeous 
Marshall is a super chap full of life and love 
Diesel walks well on the lead and is ok with most dogs but will need an experienced owner plz 
Shadow is a stunning young lass in rescue in 
Have you room in your heart and home for our big lad Paddy 
Whippet cross Dazzler is on the lookout for love this 
Lila is a lovely lass in rescue in 
Smithy is a big bold beautiful boy in rescue in 
Staffy x collie in rescue in 
Stacey is a sweet natured lass in rescue in 
Not too big and not too small 
Love this boy! 
This my friend Gary Loyd who tragically passed away yesterday having fallen down stairs in his house ! Great bloke! Devastated for his family! Shook me to the core!RIP pal! 
"Everybody needs good neighbours" 

I love taking pictures they don't know about 
Go on now go!!! ... It's almost time for everyone's favorite disco turkey to sing the most popular Thanksgiving Day song!!! 
"HAPPY BIRTHDAY POTUS" HATE to see you GO.
Happy Fourth of July everyone! I hope you all enjoy this day ! 
I voted tooooo!! And I’m from the USA. I have a big mouth and lots of friends. James will be known in the us. 
Brotherly 
Today our little ones are expressing through arts and crafts. Shared lots of special keepsakes 
Thank you Emma for sharing your beautiful Lucy with everyone at 
Happy Birthday to my wonderful son 
My mates cuter than yours.... 
32 years ago, I got mine fixed 
Tune in my friend Amanda is on 
 myself and 
Today I cried in work and that's ok. The death of a child is heartbreaking and I send my love out to all those mums & dads who have to go through it 
Developments are happening in Wigan and I am thrilled to have my beautiful friend back on board 
Berlin this weekend with 
Love this woman 
My sugars 
Viva Jamie !! You are a class fighter that dared to take on the best !! You fought with Heart 
Girls night.. 
We love sensory chill out time. 
Working our 
This sums our boy up. Sitting at the art table in the playroom on the ward, getting messy with the paints with a huge grin on his face. 
We are delighted to have raised such an amazing of money in 5 months. We are looking forward to the next milestone! 

Well over due catch up tonight with this beautiful bunch.. 
Beyond PROUD to be part of this amazing movement. Such a sound bunch of souls. From our 
Absolutely loved being a part of 
In Year 9 or 10 in Sept? 
All the best Emmerson! 
 whoops 
Have a blessed Sunday everyone 
Delicious bacon slabs and amazing dinner/drinks courtesy of 
So happy I got to spend some time with these two last in 
So happy you were born my dearest friend!  Love you 
I love CRS. 
Got it on our itinerary for Sunday!! Gonna be a busy weekend. 
Freshers is soooo close now!!! Message us with any questions you have guys! 
Horrible to see what has happened in 
BEYOND EXCITED! Front row VIP 4 me & 
Thank you for the kind offers that we've had ALREADY from around the hockey community! Such immense support like this makes us proud to be part of the 
If you love our friendly, warm service at Ness, nominate us for here for the 'best customer service' award! 
Living on the edge with my Mommie 
Had the best time with you guys! Thanks again for an awesome visit & a super fun shoot! 
Wow so glad I didn’t find out the 
Luv this lady 
Thanks for the B-Day LOVE!!!! 
Love this. 
Awesome! Ily Lana
I will as I am getting my steps in 
Thank you for sharing
Excited to come back home after a very busy weekend! Great support as always from all 
throwback to SCAD film festival 
She makes me look good everywhere we go 
So much fun to be back. 
Thank you for hosting & participating in South East Feast! It’s a wrap from us now. Keep giving SE London's food & drink independents some
Hyped after my week of top local 
We salute all of you from the bottom of hearts! 
Even if have different skin colours, you showed us that feeling of love, friendship, respect is something unique. 
True gent, miss you pal 
Proud captain today thanks all 
W1 win 7-1 against Edinburgh 
The rest that is coming for you is more than earned, but the LIFE you are about to embark on is destined. I love you sweetheart, I’m so so so proud of you, I’m sending you so much great energy to lift you through it all. Love and light and luck to you darling 
Curvin my way outta NYC yesterday feelin natural and free. Talked with 
Once in a while you meet someone who has a profound impact on you.  
You're invited to join us for a real dog's dinner, 
 back from our honeymoon just would like to say thanks to Andreas and his team for what was our perfect day
It’s our BIRTHDAY! 2 today. Thanks to everyone from suppliers to customers 
Massive congratulations to everyone 
At just before 6am today after an eventful evening, I became a grandma 
Life is a piece of cake if the people who live with & work with 
Get it trending 
Thanks for your Awesome Support Everyone please keep putting the recommendations out for us
Celebrate Christmas at the one and only 
Ruby grapefruit, heirloom tomatoes & chioggia beetroot tops... we 
Wow. A huge THANK YOU to every single one of you who joined us last night for 
Had a fab time at 
now i've got 280 chars, shout out to 
“I think everyone should get rich and famous and get everything they dreamed of so they can see that’s not the answer”, Jim Carrey echos the life of BoJack 
Reception are creating their own repeating patterns outdoors. Can you guess what comes next?? #
A full fridge of breastmilk in the mother's room at 
These are INCREDIBLE 
Women you are part of 
1 of 2 Thanks for all of the kind words about 
Proud of my boys 
It's time brother 
 Coolness: Do you Sci-Fi? 
(Capaldi Tribute) I'm not even halfway into S8 and I was compelled to highlight how Amazing the Monsters/Aliens were for 
 Coolness: S8/E5
"Time Heist" (Capaldi Tribute) 
SPECTACULAR Episode (Top10!)  Amazing Characters, Storyline and Peter Shined all the way through...I was in Love with S8/DW12s progression!! Pls 
Birthday dinner with the family 
There's no place like home 
"Everybody is attracted to the Eastern Market because there’s something for everybody here". 

Become a friend of the 
"There is no shortage of Detroit love, or clever ideas" 

Thanks, 
This thread. Twitter really is wonderful sometimes 
Looking forward to seeing you later, 
This is the greatest thing I've seen in awhile. I 
I brought a cupcake to Valley today remembering I had an athlete's birthday in my calendar, but not remembering whose it was...
Wishing everyone a 
i'm happy, you are happy, we are happy...that's all that really matters 
Honor a woman who has battled cancer tonight at 
Undying admiration to 
Honoured to be a part of this couple's special moment! Good luck as you emBARK on married life 
London Skyline tonight was 
Co-Artistic Director 
Can't believe its been 3 weeks since I was here! 
Evening walks 
This is a story about a pro named Ducky... 
The Monteleone is merry and bright! 
Blinded By Your Grace Pt.2 - This made me smile. Happy Sunday 
"We're all on a journey." 
Spot the 
Say Hi to 3 ass on a boat! 


That does it for this week's 
 I just love love loved your interview with 
My baby sister. 
Embrace the hottest colour of the season with 
Today, Australia said YES!!! 
I’ve always loved 
Good Ol' 
So excited to get my 
40 weeks today!!! Ok you can come out now. 
Mumma bear 
I need a girl like
 
My two favs in one picture 
People of Twitter! Stream/download 
Vsetin | Havlickuv Brod | Pisek 
THIS IS HAPPENING. We’re thrilled to announce a sick string of gigs in the UK w/ 
This isn't a one click solution, but it's worth investing in. And honestly, I think it's one of the few solutions that actually works. 

That is, if you care about that kinda thing, which I hope you do 
 to win the 
TODAY is Children's Grief Awareness Day! Stop by any of Misha's locations today (11/16) and pick up a chocolate mini cupcake to support the CBC! All proceeds from the chocolate minis sales will be donated to the Children’s Bereavement Center 
TOMORROW is Children's Grief Awareness Day! Stop by any of Misha's locations tomorrow (11/16) and pick up a chocolate mini cupcake to support the CBC! All proceeds from the chocolate minis sales will be donated to the Children’s Bereavement Center 
Please join us in wishing our reigning queen 
Feels sooooo good to be back in Australia! My home away from home! 
Trying to keep her eyes open... 
Excited to perform for you all tonight at the 
Happy birthday to the amazing 
Very Excited for my Feat. With 
Missing this little Princess 
OMG... Sledgehammer is LIT! We always love a new 
Want your chance to WIN 
We cannot WAIT for 
So much deep and genuine love for these fellas + their music 
AUSTRALIA today is the last day to vote YES for Marriage Equality. please do your part and let us get hitched like the rest of ya 
K I gotta go you guys kill me lol I love u bye!!!!!!! 
Technical leadership needs sponsorship and mentorship to grow. These resources are invaluable. Relevant to my recent 
Talking and singing with the wonderful, gorgeous 
Oh P.S the Ballarat show was a very great time. First show I have played in 4 months and I feel whole again. 
My one true love. Don't trust your heart with anyone, except Ri. 
It’s a beautiful day to eat THB and move in with this guy. 
Oh yeah 
‘It’s great to see small newsrooms win awards tonight.’ Look at 
 has become one of my favourite magazines of the year so far – so much craft involved, from the plastic book-cover to literary levels of editorial thought. 
We’re all SOLD OUT ADELAIDE 
Today I’ve purchased 4 things from this list! 
Give back to the open-source community!

•
We're trying to join 
This. is. AWESOME! Thanks for the YT love Amy, I know you absolutely killed it today 
Long overdue visit to Adelaide tonight from 
I was mesmerised when I first heard it at the magical 
Thanks so much for listening and sharing!! 
That time KP left her recorder AND hard drive at 
There's a new ep. in your feed! 

We are so thrilled and honoured to share this piece with you, from our friend 
Rockin my 
The amount of love that's put into the 
Met, talked and spent time with kind and inspiring people at 
A documentary on the making of the 'No' series. 
Thank you 
 He gave so much. 
Just a little computer monitor made with CSS and 
 was great thanks to our heroes, but it was awesome thanks to our legends 
  congratulations to the ever fresh 
Such an honor to be attending & performing at the 
Congrats to DKD and his beautiful bride! May God strengthen and bless your union..
Happy birthday Naj, may God bless and keep you! Lots of 
Fantastic to see stylelint listed as one of the many projects that power 
Join the club.
I'd like to meet someone from the future. 
Tell me you're the one when you approach me and don't do it in a scary way. 
Thanks
That's me!!! 
While I was on a holiday 
Such an awesome time with 
- Skoozi msg me a hardship you have overcome & how it made you stronger. I will tag you to acknowledge support 
This makes me so happy... emotional but so so happy. 
Thank you for the repost and the love 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
Dear teachers of Galway.........
Another reason to 
Daaamn babe 
Anyone can build a house but only love can build a home. 
Maltina, a family favourite from young to old. Get your ice cold Maltina at Happyland. 
The love is unreal 
So many women in my life 
Rehearsal with my band! Something different for London 
My Heart is FULL. 
In our own little contemporary bubble 
A HUGEEEEE Thank you to 
Sitting at #10 on the popular charts for 
Hot biscuits, warm apples & worship underscore 
 2my amazing husband 
Dear Friends, Today is officially Day Zero for Too Old To Die Young..! 
Favorite twinning moment 
Two years ago I was raped causing me to become depressed and suicidal. Now, because of His grace in 25 days I'll be graduating and addressing my graduating class as the commencement speaker. My story, "Tears and Triumph" is on the blog now (link in bio)
My daughter man!!!! Showering me with kisses all night. 
These slippers are just as cool as I am. That’s why they’re named after me. Grab a pair for your bae this Christmas. 
 is the best men artist 
Aaaaawww congratulations darlings.

Super excited to announce that I have committed to continue running Cross Country and Track at the University of Dayton!!!
happy birthday you beautiful human being. thank you for always being someone i can count on, love you endlessly 
Because representation matters...
Breakfast poems. Move over, Frank O'Hara. 
Relationship status: still in love 
Let's go, 
The Starbucks Snickerdoodle hot chocolate is literally a cup of joy 
Six years ago I created a show called 
YOU TOO COULD LIVE THIS DREAM 
Another amazing FANJAM ends, and i'm just... speechless. Thanks everyone for the overwhelming love, I feel incredibly blessed to have met every single one of you. I hope you enjoyed it the event! Post our pics and tag your boy... 
Did you know that November is declared 'peanut butter lovers month'?! 
My team surprised me with a early birthday dinner after a 
 thank you to everyone who gave me happy birthday wishes & who interacted with our 
Dear Justin Herbert,
(See attached GIF
Reunited w/ 
WORLD CHAMPIONS!! 
Cheers to getting pampered @GuerlainSpaNY and being showered with 
How adorable is our client’s dining room all set up for a party?! We LOVE getting to see how clients use the spaces we design for them 
Awe get well soon Malcolm 
Happy B Day to my sister 
Do you belong to the 59% of Canadians that get some of your TV content online? 
Happy 
That she is 
Bison with his Birds… 
“gin is life” is a pretty good slogan for our happy hour: 2-4-1 cocktails (not just gin!) 
Bison loves you too 
We'll never get tired of this skyline. 
Can’t even lie.. proud of the way 
The hair, the clothes, the violence, CLEOPATRA JONES is PEAK 70s
On this Friday 7.30pm! Pls RT & spread the word 
My first ever Calendar! Pre-order it today and get a exclusive print, only a few spots left!!! 
How many times is it possible to 
Happy 2nd Anniversary of meeting each other 
Thanks for everyone who came to the opening on Sunday!
Thank u Ali, it's a subject very close to my own heart after a similar personal experience. You were brilliant, your mum would b proud 
Stay in tonight with your favorite TV families.
Excited to come back home after a very busy weekend! Great support as always from all 
Give thanks in the perfect attire with company you 
Aww thanks lovely 
I hope my 2018 brings me more opportunity to work with 
The amount of love I have received today to help Texas is unreal! Everyone I will have donation locations & items tomorrow! 
Good times in Edmonton tonight! So many levels of emotion. This is why I do this. 
When you set up a goal in your first north London derby... 


Legend! Thank you 
Heavyweights need love 
We will wear a poppy over our hearts....we will never forget the men and women who gave their all!  As the sun rises and sets on Nov. 11th ...we will remember and never forget
Mmagobana Combined School
Point Of Light. 
Dear Africans, These Young Girls Deserve Endless Retweets 
I love it Thankyou 
I think this is great! Thankyou so much 
Loved meeting you too!
Wow Thankyou 
Thankyou for having me 
Ahhh!!! This is soooo cool,you are amazing 
I love this 
Love this girl 
Love you Brisbane! 
This guy...
This experience will live with me forever,i want to say a huge thankyou to every single person who has been behind us and got us this far!
Really enjoyed our dance 
My heartbeats 
donatella_versace 
The baddest Jedi of them all came to talk books with me at 
With the talented 
Thanks, Geek Bomb, for having me on 
The song is $1.29 on iTunes. 100% of profits go to relief efforts. Donate y'all 
The dream team 
Thank you for your presence and support during our presentation ! 
Thank you all for a wonderful 
I love these 2 Finnigan Girls with everything I got. And I'm in awe of both of them every minute. 
So many memories, so many friends, so many shows. Warped will never die
 Week is here! We're celebrating w/ our great friends, the hilarious 
Happy 1st Birthday to 
‘This Light I Hold’ 
It's a way of life...
Yay!!  Sooo excited to be the be cohost of 
Soul Searching........ 
Morning adventure...... 
I love you my sweet angel, we are with you in spirit..... bellahadid 
Early Morning Reflection...... 
 West coast girl waiting for east coast winter, I am ready for all you have to offer........… 
Early Morning Harvest........ 
A Blessing is the circle of light that protects, strengthens and heals me....... 
I am proud of many things in my life but nothing beats being your mom..... 
My mirrors and better versions of myself....... bellahadid 
Such a proud night my love, you being honored amongst such strong and inspiring group of woman… 
Happy Anniversary to lil qts 
Togetherness........ 
Saturday burnnn fueled by 
This is beautiful. 
Today, we're at 
I am feeling on top of the world. Work doesn’t get any better than having the privilege of leading a bold and brave organisation like 
I’ll miss you too Gemma. Love your style. 
We come to 
Tonight was spent reminiscing about our wedding day!! 
Delighted to see our collab Archive 12 shoot in the latest issue of 
A MASSIVE heartfelt thank you to the team, 
Belfast is such a beautiful city 
Giving HIV the finger this 
What an absolute pleasure it was to be apart of this campaign! 


 call for a heart warming meal 
Big love to TTV for reviewing our new single 
Retrospect is #43 in the 'United Kingdom Viral 50' chart on Spotify! Thanks for giving the new single so much love 
 never cease to amaze.... 
Another amazing exhibit 
concept by me 
Thank you @smashboxcosmetics 
I truly Love the whole collection  of eyeshadow 
Great liquefied lipstick
So proud to have been part of this project 
Thank you @narsissist for these beautiful colors 
So proud to be part of this beautiful project 
fiery mode
The Bellas x The Voice Top 12 = one aca-awesome music video! 
I love you 
I know I’m not a massive Influencer, but y’all are always gassing me up making me feel like I am lol ty for that 
Go check out the Friday Cratediggers playlist on 
If you're unsure of which side to take, always pick the side of LOVE! 
Get it Adrienne!!!
If you're able, please consider donating gently used COATS, new SOCKS, and/or new UNDERWEAR to us 
Tell Mr. Bruce we miss him!!!
 may have economic 
I 
you all dearly.
More 
Boyd is focused on student learning always. 
 having our incredible math and reading specialists together for PL 
I was dancing along with you!! 
Making a difference for our students. 
this sooo much. Math Specialists Rock!!!!
So excited for him. 
This mad mad genius! 
Aww !!!! so great to see Croatian ‘Sorry About Me’ 
ing playing + planning 4 fractions 
I remember when President Martin was a 
 working in support of 
Connecting school goals to PLC action at 
The scholars 
Thx to all the dedicated founding board members of 
I read this as well and 
Pumping up the volume on 
Celebrating & bidding farewell to our amazing 
We met years ago, and last night our paths aligned again for a reason. ‘The plights interject’ man like 
This. 
Yes! We absolutely L
We L
Awesome Game Day!!  Love my 
  I 
i only had the pleasure of getting to know Lil Peeps music recently. but it's clear he made such an impression on this world 
So glad we could bring people together in the wake of this tragedy and help the victims. Thank you to Hakkasan Group and everyone who made this night possible - I'm honored to have been a part of it. Together we raised over $1 million 
I love you guys too 
We Shine, We Shine, We Shine... 
Listen & 
Take a look at a REAL 
Genius!  
Artist Carl Titolo.
Unreal! A lifetime in the studio! Bravo, Carl!
 
Cheering you on always babygirllll 
So much 
My son ran into my room at 7:15 AM yelling that it was snowing.  He was so excited and I will admit, I was too.  I 
Not that we need a day to celebrate!   
Tickets & VIP packages are already moving fast! Join The 
VANCOUVER OMG YES DOROTHY THANK YOU OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG LOVE YOU FOREVER 
FEED SALT LAKE TODAY 2-6P

Feed Salt Lake // 
Hey y’all follow me on my more personal page on insta ( @ jobertrames ) if you’re interested in seeing some other pics of tour life 
TEXAS... I honestly can’t remember a better weekend of shows I’ve ever had! ATX + Houston + Dallas you guys went so hard and I have so much love for all of you 
sometimes it just feels right 
The Red EP is now on Spotify! Stream your hearts out! 
Love these Big Bud Lil Buds. 
I’ve just taken like 2 pictures of London but I’m totally in love with this city
Woo yes please listen! 
19,038 Follows On 
In the spirit of giving, I’m sending you my Remix of Marshmello and Khalid’s Silence. It will never be online. This is strictly for you guys
Can't believe how fast this happened! It's gone number 1 all genres now! The love for my music always blows me a way 
Rest In Peace Lil Peep. 
I have fatigue and pain in muscles I didn't even know existed. What a weekend. Thank you 
Thank you Florida 
shoutout to all the hotel maids, even tho ya’ll wake us up like a damn swat team at the door we still appreciate everything you do
Everything 
I can’t describe how happy I am to say that I created my own label, called « Found Frequencies », and the first single coming up is a collab with one of my fav producers right now 
Perth love 
Voting now open for 
 is following my dogs Instagram and my heart has nerve been so happy 
It’s that time of the year again! Voting is now open to vote for your Wonder Of The Year. Choose your wonder and vote now! 
Looking forward to playing at the Steel Yard this Saturday! See you soon Liverpool 
Jakarta end of this month! Looking forward to seeing you all there! 
Wow what a night! Thank you 
You best be gettin' down with 
Honestly, so excited to get the fuuullll 
So excited to have you on Saturday!! 
Love playing my sax in my set! 
 man you deserve better place in 
Happy birthday my beautiful wife! 
Fun Lovin (
Relive it. My set from Subculture Belfast now up on the Music First YouTube channel. 
We 
Get ready for ADE by watching this movie about the do's & dont's when you go clubbing in Amsterdam. Celebrate Safe
Leaving for this amazing country tomorrow. 
Nice one folks. 
Can't believe that the one and only Quintino is taking care of the Spinnin' Sessions Guestmix coming Thursday 
Spinnin' Sessions is coming to China! Come party with us at Electric Jungle Music Festival December 9th 
Our ADE 2017 was just perfect! Check out the official Spinnin' Records ADE 2017 aftermovie to relive it all again 
Venue for tonight! 
I have a big surprise for you 
Celebrating 4 amazing years with my better half today!! I love you more than anything 
 Congrats guys on your new amazing remix. Loved it 
My top 5 
This melts our hearts 
Last 3 Years were nothing less than a bumpy ride but the journey till now wouldn’t have been so much fun without you guys.
Thank you so much everyone for having my back and being so supportive 
WE 
Congrats, honored you guys got engaged at our show!
All our crew told me what a beautiful moment this was. 
After sharing a powerful message, Sheila Jackson Lee kneels on the House Floor. Amazing. 
Yeeehawww! 
Just woke up to 13k plays. Much love to everyone who has listened and shown support 
Huge congrats to the amazing 
I'm thankful for 
 WHAT A VOICE YOU GOT!  WOW! 
Oh yes it does!!! So proud, you total legend 
This collab will be absolutely unreal.. so looking forward to this 1 guys 
Who likes our new Well Head fount?

Ok gals who wants to shred for us on moaning Lisa smile at ally pally? Send us ur vids with rhythm n the solo to wolfaliceband@gmail.com 
Festival vibes 
Meeting my fans 
last night was incredible 
Santo Domingo was on fireeee last night.
Thank you 
Hope you hadn't organised your plans for Christmas, Palace peeps...!! 
Current Sunday vibes in the eyrie... 
Come and say hi to us before the match and see 
Bring these with you today pleeeeease! See you soon! 

Awesome team spirit on the 
YO, 
BIG thank you to the guys from 
Great to walk the first few miles with these lovely lads! Only 
Late night chats with his awesome gal 
listening to my favorite leahshoshanahmusic 



18 years of stereo 
PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT: I am soooo proud of 
My fucking guy man
Thanks to everyone for the birthday messages on Saturday. Appreciate it 
New music "God's Gift" available to stream on Spotify

The 
Just wanna say from the bottom of my heart thank you to everyone that came out to see me last night. That was the best night ever 
Y’all, today was the last day of 
Thankful to be a part of 
grandma is a bad bish. 
Boxing Day aint Boxing day without seeing the Backto95 Fam! 
Very much deserved, well done yungs so so proud of you 
Thank you Link Up! 
King 
The young king 
AHHHHHH SO HAPPPY 
Wake up to struggle 
Practice loving all things including difficulties they are there to make u stronger  
I really do love 
Mad Love. Available Now! 
We have a place in our 
The feeling's mutual! 
My first concert ever was at 
They really found their way back to each other. 
Keisha made it to the Top 11 of The Voice! You guys should all be voting for her, she is such an amazing, and unique vocalist. Congrats 
Gave Keisha my ten votes last night on the 
It’s getting late and it a busy day tomorrow but I’m so overwhelmed with the love from tonight
Holy crud Seattle we love you 
also i luv the 
Let’s do this together 
With you, Lady 
Love you, Sis! I stand with you 
Please join my family to raise funds for Puerto Rico! Help rebuild paradise with us! We 
Oh so excited!! Who’s coming out to say hi??? No pun intended...or is there. Hard to say...
Congrats on your 1000
Congrats on your 500
Congrats on your 250
Legitimately one of the best experiences of my life 
Y'all, I can't live tweet bc I'm headed to East Coast for turkey timez, but watch tonight's fall finale of 
This kid is 100% a real superhero!  Thank you, Shon! 
 

Let's get our biggest 
My job has perks, but one of the best parts is telling stories like the one about 
This is the beginning of our journey
 hanging out here in LA thanks to 
well, what a blast! 
Ahhh 
So THIS was in Times Square today. 

NYC loathes Trump. Crossroads of the world is loudly advocating Trumps impeachment. I 
Great first night 
Thanks for the 
One hell of a season 
We LOVE YOU
Our sea air IS good for us! 
Join our happy 
 the people of portobello, skinheads of 80s, oversized jackets of 90s, anything goes 
I’m working on I
AUSTRALIA today is the last day to vote YES for Marriage Equality. please do your part and let us get hitched like the rest of ya 
K I gotta go you guys kill me lol I love u bye!!!!!!! 
Thank you New Orleans 
Finishing off this first European tour tonight in Germany. 
We have felt so loved by all of you at these shows. Thank you for such a warm welcome. We cannot wait to come back. 
London last night. Literally falling for you. Thank you for being so kind to us. 
Now for our first headliner in your city. Sold out. 
Just landed in London. 

Manchester you are up first. Let's do this. 


Ooohh i love this!!!! I'll Remember This by 
It's been a wild ride
This adventure you and I
Somehow you still 
My dad sent me this DM on Insta, he knows me so whale 
So beautiful. Thank you for an incredible tribute, 
We're so proud of 
I'm beyond blessed to announce that I have verbally committed to continue my volleyball career at Belmont University! 
GO BRUINS
Congrats dlee
I've always loved you like a brother, and you knew that. I already miss you so much. I love you jeremy miller. Rest In Peace 
Happy 1 year to not just my boyfriend but my bestfriend. Thank you for being by my side always, I wouldn’t of wanted to spend this whole year w anyone else. I love youu
We are thankful for our mentors. 
Happy birthday Ofair 
Happy bday bro hope you have a great day
An insane ass Monday at work calls for 
Tfw it's Friday and you're in love 
Signing off! Huge thank you to 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BABE!! I love you bestie, currently sitting next to you, so I decided to tweet at you again
happy birthday to the best bff ever :)) 
Happy birthday livvy;) love you to death girl and I can't wait to make even more memories w/ you
New Joywave album out today! Can't wait for tonight! Congratulations gentleman! 
Just a few of my favorite friends 
Hours of prep, but years of memories 
So much love for my 
Love sharing the screen with my sister 
Looooove this young woman! My daughter and BEST friend 
I do it for my family
 - a luminous experience in the 
Time to spread the 
Feel the love w/ a new one from 
Secret talent and vice of 
 To my custom designed 
 my custom designed 
 with this beauty 
 - When you get to go to work with your client 
It's that time of the year again to thank you guys, the awesome 
“Find what you love and let it kill you” 
Happy Birthday to one of the nicest & has the best sense of humor 
The iconic 
Bts of today’s beauty shoot 
Young music is getting so ignorant.. the beats especially.. i love it lol. I love that clunky distorted 808 ahhh 
Showing some love 
Showing some sponsor love 
That should be an end to the connectivity trouble. We know we're repeating ourselves, but we're sorry for the hassle all the same. Thank you so much for your patience 
TWIN CITIES SAY LOVE
Dearest 
Yesterday was my birthday!!! And I got this cool thing
2016 was the year of the feels. I just put up a new song that I think reflects that. Happy New Year 
‘Live For The Moment’ is the biggest selling debut album for a band this year. Thank you everyone for buying the album, spread the word!
WHAT A YEAR SO FAR! 
Big love to every single one of you
thanks Spotify for adding me to all these dope playlists 
shoutouts to mass appeal thank you for having me 
The Effortless Way 
Looking out at the world thinking how blessed you are to be a human, with the ability to create anything you wish 
Completely and utterly overwhelmed. The Thrill Of It All is officially number one in America. Truly, a dream come true. Thank you all from the deepest part of my heart 
Mother 
I love the album 
Love my brothers 
Watched everything on 
Who’d of thought that making a change in which nutrition you buy would make such a difference. No bad stuff! Vegan, gluten free
VOTE FOR US HERE TO PLAY A MUSIC FESTIVAL IN CROATIA! JUST CLICK OUR MUSIC VIDEO AND SUBMIT TO VOTE! 
naomismalls is the hottest queen ever. Hands down. Case closed.

Happy anniversary to Warframe on PS4 and you, Tenno! It's been 4 awesome years, thank you for being a part of the community 
WOO HUGE thanks to 
Thank you for being there Ginger..Love my 
After 
This man has impacted so many lives including mine. Bless you 
Thanks for the love on 'Doubt House' 
: Layer Mineral Blush with our iconic Pressed Highlighter for a color-infused 
We are all Tilly. 
Brody makes his debut tonight - we've never had a boy named BRODY that we didn't like 
We might be loud and proud but we’re humble in defeat. Thanks for an amazing event from everybody involved 
Out now! 
Send your Cvs over to Amsterdamcareers@sushisamba.com or PVM me 
Who run the world? Girls! Or at least tonight they’re running the Laugh Factory. We 
Hi all in 
Press in Paris 
@twinfactoryuk outnow! 
Show 
There's more secret daughter to come - with a double episode tonight. Billie is struggling to write a love song, but we have the feeling inspiration is close by 
Freddie Highmore's message to fans for all their love 
So happy to be home. 
NY you sexy, cold, bish, you 
Just posted a new YouTube video :) who can get first!?
I feel really good this morning 
I LOVE 
LITTLE GEMS! Thank you soooo much for voting for me over these last few weeks! You are everything 
I’m so sorry, I should of been there for you more. I should of saw the signs. RIP Hannah, I love you child. 
The race pales into insignificance now but we were strong and ready to take the win.

Thinking of Dan and his family and friends at this time 
Which new full-time Cup Series driver do you think will have a better 2018 at Hendrick Motorsports?

RT - William Byron

Smooth like velvet 
Found an angel over my shoulder & one in hand 
Honored to have been asked by 
Happy Monday £7980 raised so far 
Order now 
"I hope you don't mind that I put down in words
How wonderful life is while you're in the world" 
Happy Birthday 
Thanks to everybody that stod by my side for the last months.Thanks to my  family,coach,teammates,Mino,DarioFort,Dahan,DrFu,DrVolker,Manutd and the most important my fanz.This was not a one man work without all of you I would not be playing fotball today Thank you and I 
A thousands 
Happy 35th birthday gorgeous man. We miss you and your crazy humour desperately, wish so, so much you were here. #17 
WONDERFUL gesture by 
RT! On Islington streets today 4 my 
Please RT! GREAT line up! GREAT venue! GREAT cause! GREAT price! My 
Happy Monday Lovers 
My thoughts are with Dan Hegartys Family , team and friends. 
We did it! 
3 years since the accident. I was exactly at the same track as I am now when it happened. We miss you and we'll never forget you 
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom ever 
We love it! 
Happy birthday to my lil guy!!! I can’t express how proud I am of him.  
Here are the 
We will miss working with 
 New Zealand and France are partners on & off the field - we share a strong relationship in business & rugby. Watch the 
We’re married!! Thank you to our amazing family and friends for an unforgettable night
One week
Always such a pleasure to be a part of 
So, so proud of Team Rye
So great to see you buddy! Thanks for stopping by! Love what you’re doing and will proudly promote Cuvee when folks are heading to Austin
Happy Halloween critters!!! Check out Amanda Halloween cupcake assortment
Time for some holiday with my girl!
Opera Queensland is thrilled Australians have overwhelmingly voted for marriage equality to ensure every Australian has the right to marry the partner of their choice. Love is love! 
I mean... 
Next time you fly 
Miss you guys 
Thank you! Won’t forget that day 
Thank you, thank you, thank you 
Bawling as Georgie Stone wins Young Victorian Australian of the Year Her courage an inspiration 4 all LGBTQI PPL 
Italy, grazie mille! You expanded our horizon and we fell in love!
Happy Birthday to the twins! Love you kathrynjablonski  and Tommy 
Just watched this, very cool, very inspirational, very challenging too. 
Laura Loves: Laura Bailey's Weekly Edit 
Today's the last day to request a new marriage equality ballot if yours is lost or damaged. Takes 2 mins. Pls make sure your Yes counts! 
EVERYBODY IS A BABE 

Rain or shine. My kit stuck in Chicago no problem 
Thank you for that reminder and all of the life changing work you do for our children and families. 
I like the way u think 
CONGRATS 2 
Yet another reason 2 luv 
For Thanksgiving, gotta have “stellar” “superb” 
Take a look at the latest issue of 
Could our star, 
This is such an amazing honor. I feel so blessed and thankful 
NYC you were AMAZING this week!! Thanks for singing along to every song 
Those nails!!!!! 
Meet the McCormick (or should we say McHonda 
Go read 
Definitely go and read the work of the talented poets that share the honor with her this year - 
Melbourne, we 
Milkweed Editions is an I 
can't fucking believe i'm in the newest issue of 
So sorry for your loss.  Grandmas are amazing and from a generation where being grateful was always recognised, bless her 
This Wednesday 11/15 in Miami. Free. Open to all. 
I’m reading this Saturday with 
Hi Los Angeles !
Here we are, on Sunset Boulevard and TONIGHT  at the Ace Hotel Theater waiting for you 
Tonight Portland Is sold out so on the West Coast you still have SF on the 18th at the 
A stunner by 
 Thank you! Hope you dig it. xx
Today is your day, don’t let anything stop you ! 
:: So thankful for time with these brilliant Lights. 
Quick shoutout to 
A picture of Jasmine's beautiful intro to 
My dear friend, 
Today was WILD. just had the most incredible time with so many of my friends from all across Chicago tonight at the peerspace show. Felt like fate to have so many people who have put me on and supported me all in one room 
NEXT FRIDAY 
THIS IS HAPPENING TONIGHT! there's 1 slot left. or just come & listen to some interesting music 
TONIGHT! birmingham with my favs 
Educating the WHOLE child 
Voting for the next 
  live 
Another surprise visitor at the shop today. Gurjinder Basran popped in to sign copies of Someone You Love is Gone
First franchise game... first franchise win!!! Yay 
Happy work anniversary to our fearless SWP publisher! We love working with you 
Moby, our mobile little library, wants to meet you! Join us for 
Thanks for adding me to this playlist! I appreciate it! 
We love it when special visitors, like Buddington, stop by our Halifax Family Room to spread a little joy! 
Moms and dads can take the night off from cooking and spend more time with their children thanks to our Home for Dinner groups! 
Are you ever just so happy that you're stressed out cause you don't know what to do with all the happiness cause that's how I feel rn 
Meryl Streep 
To the last day of the craziest month of my life. Surgery, 
Toronto’s University Ave Islands need some 
We’re raising the stakes for the 
JANEL is the word! 
Socialise, Game and have a great time at our 
Thanks for all the birthday love. You make a girl happy 
Our viewers are the best viewers bar none.....
This baby squirrel freaked out during the eclipse, so this guy took her in and made her a “jungle” inside his closet 
As you know I've partner with 
What a day for 
Good luck to everybody at the 
Bless that one guy who prompted everyone to give a shit and get moving 
Shameless selfie time! If you'd like to see 
Creative Corner forever 
Great blog about our beloved 
Hope no-one has been caught up in the awful fire at 
We're feeling the love in the Bay this weekend with this gorgeous wedding setup in our new Eiscir Riada suite. Congratulations to all our couples who celebrated their 
The best girls. 
, what motivates you to give your time? Money? Love? Tell us thru 
Tomorrow all staff and children will be doing DEAR. Drop Everything And Read. We are very excited about this. We 
What she said... 
This is the most excellent news I’ve heard in a long time! Mountview is in INCREDIBLY capable hands! Congrats Steve 
Never had my flabber been so ghasted! Very exciting!! 
 notification this morning: look at dogs in sweaters and know that everything will be Ok 
Proud as punch of my incredible cast and fierce director 
Look at the glow on team 
Wherever I go in the world I always find some 
The past 7 days were full of creativity, love & support and I couldnt be more grateful! All the ladies at 
We were proud to have our wonderful Inspire staff (and Lizzie the dog!) and services featured by our partners at Nottinghamshire County Council 
Thank you for listening & for your support for my talk 
We’ve had literally the best afternoon dancing with these beauties! Thank you so much for ur performance. Loads of love to you 
 is a rock-soul/pop icon and fabulous songwriter. 
That was UNBELIEVABLE! Seeing you singing the words back to me on 
We had a brilliant time and you're an absolute legend. Loads of love 
The gorgeous Tamzin Outhwaite (
 Well done! It has such a beautiful evening. 
This is good ay it?! Thank you 
Me and Pudsey! Thank you for donating! 
Tan’s latest Instagram Live is now up on our YouTube channel! 
We still like to do a little salute to Terry this time of year. 
This guy! 
Music to my ears mate
In the name of the full spirit of democracy... Zimbabwe has shocked the world. This the first time an African dictator has been successfully removed without and loss of life.... If Zim can then AfriCan 
Awwwwww!!!! I 
Another Date for your diary! ........
Croftfest 30th September 2017!!! 

This is such a great idea: a drop-in mental health centre inside a soup kitchen. Let’s show it some 
Let's send some love to Archie 
Another great panel 
Captain Div 
Thanks so much 
Southend you were sooooo fun. I 
Thankfulness is the beginning of gratitude. Gratitude is the completion of thankfulness.Thankfulness may consist merely of words. Gratitude is shown in acts
Happy Birthday sista 
HAPPY birthday shorty
Love u jordan and your weirdo humor 
So Emotional but amazing Memories 
Bonfire Night 
CONGRATS AUSTRALIA!! 
ESPs at the 
We are proud to call the Oregon Coast our home 
Great job Sara! Thanks 
 this pic, a lovely expression of calm & love. Who said it was just kids that could use my 
Unit27 are proudly sponsoring 
Another successful Friendsgiving by 
-ing this little number from 
Certainly do....even if it's only for two hours this time.....I'll be back.... 
A-FIRM 
Lovely Captain 
Woop woop.....I knew I could rely on my 
 A novel with many strengths and virtually no weaknesses by 
Very touched 
The people of Australia have said YES to 
Yes!!!!! Congrats Australia! Every step taken is one closer to World Peace! Love love love you! Proud to be Australian by association lol 
 Just RT and follow 
The best pre-birthday day out exploring with my favourite person 
One of our favorite indulgent recipes...and perfect for the holiday season 
Christ is Born!! Merry Christmas, everyone! Have a joyous time celebrating the day! 
jesus ok I’ll RT you (
Forever Nana and Papa's house 
Blessed to be featured 
24 people, out in the streets, will be a little warmer this winter. Blankets I ordered and donated have arrived and will be passed out asap. 
Yeah! Here's to 2018! 
Listen learn lead 
A Revolution of Tenderness is what’s happening - who’s with me!?
Wow! Thank u Viv Harrison! 
Thx to Fulton County for the great honor of proclaiming October 18th, 2017 "Angelica Hale Appreciation" day!! Thx for the hometown LOVE 
These rescue dog's in Mexico are working so hard! 
Flashback to 2 years ago when NI 
Today, Australia said YES!!! 
Fantastic work 
Wow! Look at the Light Vessel 
Waking up wonderful 
In Solidarity with Zimbabwe! 
I am in love with the Prescription Wine Glass from 
Vegan is beautiful! 108 recipe ideas + Ayurveda, Healthy Desserts, Athletes, Spice + Herb Blends... Our new issue is on stands now 
ummm... 
Buy one drink, get one free to share. Nov. 9–13, 2–5pm. 
? Pizza + Ranch 
We  
My first ever NYFW Vlog, from this past season… 
Together we can make a change 
Delighted to announce that we will be supporting 
Happy anniversary to Chendra! 
She joined the Oregon Zoo elephant family 18 years ago today. 
"Absolutely love this foundation. It's so lightweight and gives full coverage. It is my new and only foundation I'll ever use! Love it 
Soaked and still sexy. 
Throw an emoji in the comment section if you can't wait to try this collection! Shop it here: 
What 
 just finished my 
 you guys!! 
Details for the other nights 
Friendsgiving with my besties tonight 
A v small token of our thanks for everything 
Legend
What a fantastic talk from some amazingly funny ladies 
What a fun day 
flight home tonight. nyc, i 
Wow exciting can't wait for this 
Just a reminder. Cuffing season is temporary..

Coffee season never ends 
We know our Instagram posts 
We
Today is zee day! Nearly €290 has been raised so far which I'm absolutely ecstatic about so thank you so much everybody
Hi twitter friends. I made a gofundme to try and raise funds for my family to help with expenses from my mom's sudden passing. The campaign is found at 
Heading back to Portland tomorrow. Been a very sad trip but there was a lot of love in all the tears. I’m grateful. Be at peace now Mom. 
Here’s a beautiful video of a talented dance group from 
so sad to hear of the passing of david cassidy...  he was always so kind to me - such a pleasure to have had him on my show...  sending love and prayers to his family...  R.I.P. friend 
Thanks :,) 
I’m 
8 in the charts already! Yes Grace
DIY spa time anyone?
Cheers to 5 great years & one million dollars raised for 
Hahah 
Last night celebrated 200 episodes of Modern Family 
Heartfelt 
You’re a very special part of the work we do in our Clubs. You make a difference in the lives of kids, youth & their families. Thank you 
SO PROUD of 
Thanks to everyone who donated to the 
So much to share on 
 Approach the week with boundless enthusiasm and POUR YOUR HEART INTO IT! 
At 6 I wanted a Cabbage Patch Kid. At 26 I wanted an iPod and a big bash. Today I got my wish knowing he's healthy. Thanks for your support
Thank you for the amazing opportunity, 
Roxie arrived into 
Good morning, 

This gorgeous girl is Kit, she arrived into 
What an incredible message. Love this piece by 
FANTASTIC MID WEEK TREATS
At The Beauty Rooms
BLIZZCON HYPE!!! Rocked out in my Necro yesterday!!! Huge thanks to 
Love this family photo from my 
Meeting 
Actually in 
Life's a beautiful thing. It's what u make of it. I'm ready to make it an amazing thing 
Love my 
Xx you certainly made him proud
It’s busy tonight 
Wow... thanks for sharing this with powerful poem with us, Craig  
What an incredible woman 
Delighted for 
Noooo no stamps. 

It feels good to sign each one because it's like "hey. Here's your poster, thank you thank you thank you 
True love is your spouse helping you set up swarm so you can build lighting faster on a level for your portfolio 
It's today! My 3rd baby is here... Thank you for all your support running up to this day and I hope you all love 
Just saw last nights Xf !! Rak-suuuuuuuuuuu 
Hon 
If there is an newspaper/ local magazine editors or writers in Ireland or around the world like to do an article about the 5k a day January challenge for#positivementalhealth 2018, I'd be grateful trying to make the event worldwide and share the event awareness 
A very warm welcome to Zug Cantonal Government. Department of Economic Affairs, Labor & Promotion visited us to discuss our latest challenges & lend their support!
Thanks for all your hard work & support to make the Valley an awesome place to work 
Amsterdam this morning with 
Oh God, WATCH THIS 
So humble 
Can't wait 
Happy St Patrick's day from Tenerife,   
My muse today and everyday 
This is spectacular. Loving the blue steel! 
Lovely tea 
Dancing Saturdays 
When two forces combine 
Love is in the air 
Very kind! 
Showing a little 
Yes I know I'm banging on a lot about this just don't want you to miss it 
Made a “Wall of Champions” in my office from the photos I took this year 
My heart shatters for Texas right now prayers for the families and friends who have lost their loved ones 
Keep smiling 
Happy 93rd Birthday Grandma, you are so SPECIAL to us all ... 
My favorites! 
Yes Oz! 
YES - AUSTRALIA!! 
Get down to 
It’s the small things that count this Christmas! 
TY stompers & shakers & 
Had a really great time last night with 
Thanks Chris.
 A jaw-dropping visual masterpiece, 
Jesuit ,Garland Naaman Smith +Lakeview Centennial (y’all need Twitter handles) 
This makes all the hard work worth it!
No 1 support team. 
Joe has done so much for communities all over the UK , I consider him a friend and it is lovely that his work is valued so greatly by 
Pharoah Sanders spreading only 
Lovely words 
The exceptional 
a nice reminder 
Thank you my friend 
"Women of Ireland, I think it's obvious that I 
You already have 
Hey ppl doing a Reddit AMA tomorrow. I don't say much on socials so tomorrow might be a good time to ask me a question, ha. 
If you know a senior citizen who lives local to your favourite Antic pub who might be lonely this festive period, please get in touch by emailing loredana@anticlondon.com and we can find them a seat at one of our 
This thread. Twitter really is wonderful sometimes 
We can be friends again 
Woooooooo it's Saturday night again & time for my 
Lovin you from afar 
that's not to say I won't reply to anyone. But this has always been my personal account & was never meant to be more than that. I love being able to talk directly to people who play our games & will continue to do so when I can. But please don't be offended if I don't reply 
This happened this morning! I cannot wait for you to see the 12 glorious minutes I spent with 
 is GOIN' DOWN! Just a little video snippet of one of the many highlights of 
Watching coverage of 
Pure emotion 
My heart is broken to hear today's very sad news... Unbelievable human being ready to smile for everything, happy to share her knowledge of our sport and encourage everybody anytime to be greater everyday... Rest In Peace dear Jana! 
Take the MRT with Bravo and BEBE to attend Taipei 2017 SU 
Happy Valentine's Day!!! 
Our superpower is love. 
AUSTRALIA: This Wednesday is the inaugural ‘Buy A Queer A Beer* Day.” 

*or a beverage of their choice. 

                 
Please don't forget to 
Love seeing Lunch Lady in people's lives! Have you got your copy of issue 7 yet? You can subscribe too! 
Finished a pretty awesome skype interview!! They Loved my FRO 


JAY-Z's spontaneous conversation with a 9 year old girl:

"At this very moment America is way more sexist than they are racist, but you young lady, you got the potential to be the next president of the United States, you believe that."  
New, very favourite photo. 
Thank you for this. I love working for 
Thank you the One & Only Hawa Hawaii, my idol, our dear 
Fastest 100 Million on Non-film song in India till Date. We did it. That's record.
Thankyou everyone 
First look of next song out anytime in next few days 
 is a total amazing Pataka song and 
Change happens fast, from an open letter to tanks: 
can’t wait to share the new music with you! 
Had to sing some Tom Petty songs last night. I feel so blessed to have seen him days before he left us. What a life! Thanks for living it 
I love how beat up my guitar is after all these years touring. Precious beast, what scrapes we can get into on the AU tour!? 
Trying out 
Calm your soul with the magical voice of 
Just 2 more days 
 video song from Firangi is out now 
Soooo.... I may just be doing a special Indie Underground Dance DJ Set on Saturday, Dec. 2nd in 
Wishing you all
Wherever you are on Planet Earth 
A wonderful new week 
I've had the honor of being completely and utterly blown off stage by both of these sweethearts. RIP Charles Bradley.
They all beautiful 
My loves..... 
And I 
The weather is getting colder! Come check out all of our sweaters to guarantee you’re warm and stylish this winter! 
NEW in store - @essyandbella Gin Fizz and Rose Bellini 
 Speed Mentoring session at 
I'm going to DM as many people as I can that tweet my new song 
A delay doesn't mean a denial... Hold on. Just... hold on 
Just watched 
I just tried out our new 
Corey was just late!! 
Now back with the family 
Great fun at today's mob match, with Orion taking the win! What a team 
Epic! 
So sad 
The results are in!  Total raised for 
I’ve got so much 
Really good to see you 
Thank you to the wonderful cast & creative team 
Heart heart heart 
Boyfriend points go to 
Our lovely amumna 
Congratulations to Australia on their incredible show of support for 
Absolutely thrilled to be shortlisted 
Gorgeous Jazz co alumni Alanna Kadji @londonstudiocentre dancing for Helene Fischer at the Bambridge awards 2017 .#jazzco#LSC#talent#
Big congrats to all my students 
Love class tonight with the sexy mama, thanks so much 
Thanks Kate, love my new headshots! 
No problem!!! Reading it was a magical experience for me, hopefully it was the same for you!! 
my heart goes out to those who voted remain 
Best thing about the UK is we welcome all religions/ethnicities. Campaign divided us. 
Ahhhhhhhh what amazing memories 
Please if you can spare any money! This girl has been through so much and just wants more time with her babies 
My grandfather Sumant Moolgaokar remembered at Hanging Gardens Malabar Hill I
Top 8 Sing 'Money Maker' By Throttle This is SO good 
Our simple steps will get you back on track in no time 
These photos will make your heart melt 
Reminder 
Submit your 
Honored to be interviewed for this article! Thank you 
Larkettes Day Out! 
A big THANK YOU to everyone who came out to support our show! Stay tuned...more on the way 
Thank you Andy 
Wow over half way to Boston thank you so so much we appreciate it with all our hearts 
: BOXED. 
Yeah I saw 
Pink Head by the amazing Tom 
Yes, Australia! Yes! 
best christmas eve!!
The most special birthday surprise ever 
Cathy misses you! 
Family truly is the most important thing 
Such an incredible night 
Miscarried & stillborn babies aren't eligible for reg under Births & Death Registration Act 1953.My Bill will provide certificate & record
Check out the 2017 class of 
Happy Birthday Marcus....love you so much 
Date night with my one 
You're most welcome! 
Loved being at 
Brilliant time at 
Donate 
A very sad day , fond memories of the godfather of Italian cooking 
Heard the sad news of a dear colleague 's departure & a truly dear friend, possibly the most loved italien man in the country by his team-the nation
I had so much fun big up to the soup to nuts team I'm so happy to have been a part of this amazing journey 
Your a total professional pleasure to work with you I wish you well 
A good week here at Hugo's HQ. Our PT menu the latest of 
A very happy 95th birthday to the legend that is Maman Blanc, from everyone in 
An Awesome Menu 
 Here is our Bosnian street pup sister Anya with 
At the same time, we celebrate the 
10 th anniversary 
Don't our Coaches look right at home? 
Thank you all for coming 
Loved meeting stars Bow, Geng and Tim 
Thank you for sharing 
I stand with my sis 
Former FP staffer 
 I absolutely love our 
These albatross are lifelong partners. 
Enjoying my 
A special night on our Barge with 
Thanks for making 
Well done all. Super proud. 
My ED has 124 pts in it as I tweet: 76 beds with pts awaiting repatriation or social care, 10 community step down closed and 21 patients in S London awaiting a mental health bed. My amazing staff are on their knees. We are always the place with the lights on 24/7. 
I have died and gone to heaven 
 is here! Loving those lights 
Just been enthralled at a wonderful concert given by the super talented 
Ward 45 
Fab - well done 
LOVING this tour 
Loving Germany so far. Next stop 
Proudly watching this clip of one of my very brave buddies from hospital and then I see a picture of me in Lily’s bed! Pug hugs to Lily
Enjoying a run in the fields on 
Young people out there. You have done this country proud. Please, all, continue to speak up and have your voices heard! 
For every retweet on this post, 
Our inspirational leader, Michael Landa, won ABJ's Best CEO for a medium category business in central Texas and we are SO PROUD! 
So today I came on shift to this lovely letter from a patient I looked after. Makes me proud to know im doing my job and that my passion doesnt go un-noticed 
We are so excited about the launch of Disney Tsum Tsum Pet Toys at PetSmart! Now you can share the magic of Disney with your pups 
Please take time to read this poignant story by 
My grandma tells us why she loves Jesus. 
Come join us in Kansas City! 
Today it’s 
A dessert which just taste like even . Cream briller ans chocolate brownies duo 
Spotted in 
See you tomorrow in 
These Cookies are sooo good 
Loving it
Freshers deal - £1 teas and coffees! Get an americano, latte, cappuccino, or any tea for £1!!

Massive congrats to our favourite filter drinker 
Just try not to sob watching these couples recreate their wedding vows, decades later—at the 1:52 mark, you will 100% lose it 
When two worlds meet, good things can happen. 
Well done to the children of Campsie View special needs school in Lenzie 
Oh my god 
Happy Birthday Mark! Have a fabulous day and do as Nadia says 
Exclusive: Preview a new song from Sunday’s episode of 
  winners getting award from the 
Pop into our HASTINGS SHOP TODAY and come and try some locally caught gurnard! Great value superb flavour fillets or whole ,, sure you will love them as much as we do 
Manchester has changed forever. 
Swoon by this vegan flourless chocolate, almond & chestnut brownie cake. Very well done Niki! Wow 
What a stunning dish! Well done 
We're glad our eco-friendly cups warmed your heart! 
An amazing run comes to an end, but we can’t thank 
Late lunch 
***Competition Time*** 10 people will win fitness memberships and become our poster people! It's time to embrace what our bodies can do and achieve 
 

We would like to welcome Jo & Patrick to the Tipi & Kata family! 

5th July... 
So pleased you loved them 
How stunning is this venue... a picture from today's build for the team... 
I can’t believe it’s been a year. I love this cover every time I see it! 
 this! 
The Writers in Baltimore Schools issue of City Paoer! Anastasia Farley wrote a profile of me I'll always remember.
"There is a crack in everything / That's how the light gets in." --Leonard Cohen

Love to all 
We’re loving our Italian tour! 
Walking thru the streets of milano 
Make sure you pursue your passion today
On this day was born one of God's finest creations. Happy Birthday jadeh_a 
Just landed in 031 
Loved DJ’ing at the 
Do you 
It’s still 
"You change the world when you change your mind!"
I had a great cheeky wee show as Lauren tonight 
Please consider helping CJ from .
Special thanks to our panelists 
Wrapping up an amazing day of sharing and learning with the  design and 
Sup 
My new album 'Baralku' is out now! Thank you so much for all your support. Hope you enjoy it 
"If your haters knew what a nice guy you are, they'd be so bummed."

-- me to PG 
Damn. 
Bake cookies and play games (Catan) with Bell and I! 
 seeing how 
If you're a Jekyll dev & would like to see custom themes on GitHub Pages, I'd 
Finished! 
Holy Hannah 
Sometimes our greatest journeys need to be walked alone. Your hopes and dreams are just that, Yours. They do not need to be shared by your loved ones, only supported
The feeling is quite mutual lady! 
 Posted a video on 
There are things we can't do, and things we CAN do... come and visit us in the HUB today, and tell us your struggles and skills 
Breaking the 2-hour marathon. Crazy? Yes. So we’re doing it. 
Waiting until the first day of Thanksgiving break to review my 
Final presentations, awards & closing ceremony 
Stafi realizues Prishtina Startup Weekend 
Honored to be included on this list! 
A well attended PTO means services to children, community support, and lots of 
TFW you come back to a project after a few weeks to find notes you left yourself to remind you what to do next. 
 and support to all the children of the world this day and every day! 
 at the New York Athletic Club remembering and honoring our veterans. Thank you to those who have served and thank you to those who are currently serving 
That is AMAZING!  60 students and their parents from just 1 team!!!  
 the play on words in this AWESOME bulletin board! 
Math PD...we 
Love you 
When you put in hard work in the classroom, respect others and put God first!!! Wilson-Lauren you are truly Amazing! Love Mom & Dad 
Couldn’t be a more appropriate time to share this photo. I 
It's been a year of resilience building.  Thank you 
 if ICE Agents show up at your door! Retweet and share with family and friends 
Me too...special memories!! 
Even if you have no experience with these topics please watch this amazing woman speak 
Make sure to tell your Mom that you're thankful for her 
During the game-winning drive in overtime, 
Aww thank you Tay. I can’t wait. Love you 
Las Vegas
Oh I know 
JBES 
Our first Family Friday was a huge success.  Our students 
So excited to FINALLY tell you the other person joining my tour... Kehlani 
its official!! can’t wait for these next four years 
Thank you to all of my friends, family, and coaches who have made this possible! Officially a bulldog
So happy to officially be a bulldog!!! I’m so thankful for the journey softball has taken me on, and I can’t wait to play at the next level!
Thank you so much! I believe there are great men out there! 
The Looney OPs 
(Team effort with 
3 years have come and gone yet again as the year of “lasts” is here. Last first fall ball game tonight 5:30 
So thankful for Chris
Thankful for all my friends and family that has supported me and can’t wait to play at the next level! Go State!
Proud to say I will be continuing my education at Henderson State University! Can’t wait to be a future Reddie 
such a blessing, a few days past but never too late to say.. OFFICIALLY a cyclone
At the São Paulo airport and I cannot stop thinking about the incredible weekend. The fans, the games, the teams, and casters were all amazing. We still have more work to do to get to the level of esports I want to see Rainbow Six at, but I cannot thank the fans enough. 


What a piece of art 
Happy Birthday you goof. Can’t wait to see you in a few hours
Happy Birthday partner! #19 
Proverbs 16:9 
“The heart of the man plans his way, but the Lord establishes his steps” 
Trust in Him
THIS is so awesome!! Can't wait to see these girls in action! 
Thanks Whit Whit!!! 
Guys check this out, my team and I had the opportunity to say a prayer with Mr. President. What a special moment and one we will never forget 
We had such a great time at the Dreamforce Global Gathering last night 
 is only a week away! 
@_kathleenlol ahhhh shucks 
The Mountain was out earlier this morning, but just barely! And just the lower half. 
Amazing, 
I just wanted to say thank you to all my fans over the past few years. I remember a little bit ago I was just in my room drawing cartoon characters, tryna keep the demons away and now I’m blessed beyond words. Thank you God and everyone who’s kept with me and supported. 
2 huge gators in the background 
We are lucky to call 
Sneaky shout-out in the most recent issue of Golf Digest. 
Awww, Isabelle 
Cuddle buddies 4 lyfe 
So amazing what this woman did to 
Irina likes Clifford! 
Awesome Tracy!! Hoping you are doing well! Those were good memories!
Thank you for the shoutout. We're proud to be able to support such a great organization and cause. 
Ted Lindsay
Married my best friend and the most beautiful girl in the world 
Great day volunteering w/ youth in Cambodian refugee community
Spicy Tamale Pie combines my love’s food loves: chili and cornbread! Partnering w @PyrexHome to share the 
Just a few people away from my first 1,000 followers! Thank you! 
“Don’t let someone dim your light simply because it’s shining in their eyes.”
Everything is falling apart, and nowhere feels safe (as if it ever did), but there's a white hot fire burning beneath it all and I still still still believe that it is Good to be alive. 
wow ty my ciggies 
 thanks!
Thank you for an incredible day & Thank You for your service 
You get it !!!!!
Thank you everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes!! Yesterday was also the four-year anniversary of us adding our sweet hound, Junip, to our family; so much to celebrate! 
What a truly magical night at the 
You & your beautiful family are inspiring for so many reasons. And John-Carl needs to teach me his smile game!!! 
Would someone like my 
good days give happiness 
bad days give experience
worst days give lessons and
best days give memories 
You girls are amazing. This is so special to me
So proud of the work every single contributor has done, during 
I also want this Gutenberg release to give props and a 
Gutenberg 1.7 is out and what a lot of things are in this release! Check out the notes here: 
Love 3 brothers!! 
 this Vintage Cocktail Shaker with Drink Recipes from 
Love you momma 
RIP to my beautiful mother 
 more great photos on the 
When your best friend cries, you stand beside him...and cry too. pamelabjohnson… 
I am grateful for the opportunities I have to be involved in the student life here at CWU
6-8pm 
Honoring those who asked what they could do for their country and served
Having fun with these inspirational actors! 
And that would be the amazing 
 was awesome!! 
Sun Don't Shine is on 
 Gorgeous Anna, could you kindly give this an RT ? Thanks 
Get over the 
I will most certainly retweet this!            
Thanks for all the support this season, 
Happy Birthday to my beautiful mother! She is the strongest woman I have ever met 
Enjoy these fab new pics from the set of the video I just directed for 
 is just around the corner… and we have an exciting announcement! Every gift you make to our research arm 
We 
 is just around the corner… and we have an exciting announcement! Every gift you make between now & Dec. 31 will be DOUBLED - up to $75,000!!

Click here to have your gift doubled now: 
Dine for a cause! 
I 
TMRW // come share your love stories with 
Thanks 
That feeling when your school is a true community. 
Down to the wire in the Dome! 
An  
Happy happy birthday 
Jack Trice Stadium, you have provided every feeling in the book. The memories we have had will truly be unforgettable. Loved spending the last 5 years watching the man of my dreams follow and live out his running out on that field. Forever a Cyclone 
Live on 
Had so much fun on the 
Winner of the tickets to the 
SORRY 
1 week until 'Sorry' is officially released. It's already getting such an amazing reaction from people hearing it on the radio! Thank you!  
So excited to announce the special guests for my upcoming tour. 
I hear this (almost) every day: you can never have too much bacon! Perfect 
FANTASTIC DAY WITH FRIENDS IN KINGSTON 
 album #1 on radio charts in North America. 
That she is 
Thanks for all the radio love this week on 
My favorite to watch wrestle! It made me love the sport n him
Yes 
Pointing to my brother Sam Cali. You're right there with me every time I put my foot on that line. Love and miss you everyday man.
The gift of of glow - it doesn't get more romantic than that! 
Happy Sunday!! Our Beach Basket sale ends tomorrow so make sure and get your order in today for 15% off! Photos via 
Thank you so much! 
And so my Daddy/Daughter
 my beautiful wife 
Thank you for the amazing opportunity, 
If you 
A girlfriend who'll hold you down through whatever >>>> 100% Loyal 
Met this beautiful wee girl in the crowd today and brought her back stage to all the acts including the awesome 
Your the best 
23 Years ago today this hit the shelves... Hear it at Club Madchester this Saturday 
Thank you! Happy Wednesday all!!
Fantastic morning hosting the 
Made a “Wall of Champions” in my office from the photos I took this year 
 10th UPDATED 
NEW VLOG! 


not much?! are you kidding! That's amazing and very generous of you! 
I realise I'm 20 days late to doing this but I know we can smash it and make a huge difference together 
They’re getting on so well! They’re so cute together 
Always proud of you 
Big facts thoo, good looks on the love thoo 
Big love to every group last night 
Big up my London dons making their way into the music game Cos of the work they are putting in #
Our debut album proper: Colón Man out now on DDS 
Good morning, My friend has one of my favorite Instagram accounts, where he posts some of the best humans. this is a 94 year old Harry B. Miller dancing at his senior center’s Thanksgiving dance. 
I love you guys thanks for being part of this crazy journey! 
AUSTIN 
Just watched 
 My grandfather on my mother’s side, who always effusively praised my “command of the written word.”  God bless grandparents who point out talents in their grandkids. The impact was so subtle at the time, but man, was it lasting...
Finished! 
Holy Hannah 
Sometimes our greatest journeys need to be walked alone. Your hopes and dreams are just that, Yours. They do not need to be shared by your loved ones, only supported
The feeling is quite mutual lady! 
 Posted a video on 
Happiness is... My 6yo daughter and me singing Preach by 
Dream come true making my 
Most amazing honour being called into the 
Alpine start rewards 
our new roommate 
Giving 
Oh what a beautiful morning.......

Good morning Sir 
Happy coming out day! Everyone should be able to
Check out this song I did with the amazing JT roach. Let him know what you feel 
Loved this session 
So glad we could bring people together in the wake of this tragedy and help the victims. Thank you to Hakkasan Group and everyone who made this night possible - I'm honored to have been a part of it. Together we raised over $1 million 
What a night 
Office starting to take shape 
For the angel in your life 
We Shine, We Shine, We Shine... 
Listen & 
Couldn’t resist a message of pride for 
Ahhh!!! This is soooo cool,you are amazing 
What a way to end the year!!! 
Big shout to our label 
19,400 Follows On 
The baby Rams love this! 
Group three loveeee 
Thanks for being so awesome, 
WORLD CLUB DOME! 
We remember and honor those who lost their lives and those who sacrificed theirs to help others. 
WOW! 
LONDON 
I Want To Thank The University of South Carolina For Not Only The Opportunity To Play Football At The Highest Level, But To Be A Gamecock For Life & Earn A Degree From One Of The Best Institutions In The Country I Couldn't Have Asked For A Better 4 Years.. 
We’ve had 3 DI players sign this past week! Big things lead to big dreams. Congratulations to Jakayla Sullivan, Latrice Perkins, and Olivia Nelson-Ododa!! We’re so proud of you 
Praying for all of those affected by the Tragedy today in Sutherland Springs 
Pregnancy yoga classes in 
Heart light handmade in Lymm cheshire 
my rafs are somewhere in cape town mail hub pray 4 me 
listening to edc orlando live 
My heartbeats 
donatella_versace 
DJ Harvey returns to Ministry 
Thanks for all the love on Chakra 
Honestly, so excited to get the fuuullll 
 pattkaren 
・・・
Getting the band back together davidrossharper jennifersimaitis… 
be safe out there nyc 
“Love is a masterpiece” - 
My love 
This is purely a precautionary measure & we should be back up to full quota for game v Fiji on Weds. Sending our love 
Been an amazing tour in NZ with this team
That’s my boy......
 not 
Thanks everyone for the messages. It's been such a hard decision to make leaving a club that I love and everyone at it. Looking forward to getting stuck in the rest of the season and show everyone how much the club and Glasgow means to me! 
thanks so much for your support and kind words 
ASH LONDON LOVES
Holler if u catch a glimpse of me stuffing my face with pizza tonight at the leafs game 
wish i could be in new zealand to hug mother witch stevie 
also, a massive thank u to these gorgeous teen powerhouses from the Aorere College choir - have been a fan since i was at school & knew they would beautifully anchor this hometown performance of GL 
This has become a thing!! I’m obsessed with all of your versions!! Send me more!! Pweeeesseeee!!! 
this. 
My fave performance was the 
Kesha because that was a HUGE comeback, and she performed a song that should be a national anthem 
I’m going live on my Facebook page at 2 pm ET with 
Today is 
Richie Koh will be coming for the 22nd Asian Television Awards on 1st December! Support him by getting your tickets for the event! Tickets are selling on SISTIC at 
Kishan J. will be attending the 22nd Asian Television Awards on 1st December 
Nothing better than making music with friends 
Felicia Chin and Zoe Tay will be attending the 22nd Asian Television Awards on 1st December 
Australia 
Melodic hardcore outfit 
mamma haim’s jacket from the 80’s 
 The Con album just turned 10 + 
Good vibes at 
 I really love the explanation of BLACK,it brings me a big smile every time I see you on 
 was such a jam. Thank you for the invite 
Endless possibilities! 
Flew out to surprise my mom. 
Lil Peep forever
Both of my 
Wake up to struggle 
Practice loving all things including difficulties they are there to make u stronger  
Hi Los Angeles !
Here we are, on Sunset Boulevard and TONIGHT  at the Ace Hotel Theater waiting for you 
Tonight Portland Is sold out so on the West Coast you still have SF on the 18th at the 
**SPECIAL ANNOUNCEMENT** The 
Thank you for an incredible day & Thank You for your service 
You get it !!!!!
What a truly magical night at the 
You & your beautiful family are inspiring for so many reasons. And John-Carl needs to teach me his smile game!!! 
I love 
Yum. Yum. YUM. That 
Imagine the possibilities with 100+ 
Thank you everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes!! Yesterday was also the four-year anniversary of us adding our sweet hound, Junip, to our family; so much to celebrate! 
Thanks Glasgow!!   
Melbourne, we 
LA dreamin’. What an unreal night 
Happy birthday to 
Oh my gosh!!!  Thank you 
 is available now. Are you ready for it? 
This is worth the watch. Be You. Be Proud. Always. Thank you mom. 
This is my absolute fav bookstore in 
Around this time last year I was on THE call with 
 gold room 
“Every generation has to do their part to keep pushing forward.” Happy birthday to 
Thank you so much, dear 
Fall in 
What deal has you heading to DD? 
Amazing show guys!! I
Shameless selfie time! If you'd like to see 
This is the beginning of our journey
 by: Rylee 
This little dude just melts my 
Daddy’s coming home... 
Seeing this thing in person ... photos don’t do it justice... it’s massive .. and also delicious 
Cannot wait to see another 
Olympic & World medalist 
Twas great to see you Ms. Carolina! 
Team Stevie each with their own mirror. 
Wow... what an unbelievable read! 
"No act of kindness, no matter how small, is ever wasted." - Aesop 
Happy 
Happy birthday to my lovely and wonderful friend 
Love you so much baby 
Thanks to everyone who submitted your fan art for the "chosen family" contest! Proud to announce the winner, Kelly from Knoxville, TN! Her "You Are Loved" design is now featured on a tee that benefits 
Rest In Peace our sweetest Gator. You were so tough. The hole in my heart is immense. But my love for you is greater. We’ll miss you Alli! So much!      
Best feeling in the world it's been a long 4 months and we finally reunited 
 My mom's first broadway show was 
Thank you, sweet friend. 
Our first ever joint interview is up on 
Confident women don’t hate 
It breaks our hearts that our upcoming tour in Europe and the U.K. has been cancelled, but mental health should always be a priority. We stand behind 
We love 
Thanks for being the best band. I love 
 y’all are one of my favs to listen to. Whether if it’s in the morning, at night, or whenever. Keep doing what you do 
I should probably mention my dad was 
We, the Overwatch Competitive Community, come together today and honor our dear friend with a friendly fundraiser tournament for his family.
Show your support too:

Join us 
goddamn I love 
We leave for tour very soon. So incredibly excited. If anyone has a place we can stay in the cities below, please shoot us a message 
Holy crud Seattle we love you 
In Leeds tonight at the Key Club with The Movielife. Should be really fun. Thank you to Bristol and all who traveled. Great gig 
Saw 
Thanks for the show last night. You guys crushed it and the setlist was great 
That’s a wrap on dogdaysthefilm!  Big 
Also thrilled to be playing with 
I will most certainly retweet this!            
My mom said if this tweet gets over 200 RTs she'll quit smoking cigarettes for my birthday . Please please RT and help me people 
Go see this excellent freaking band on tour w 
Hi, send me a guideline, and I'll send ya a playlist 
 Happy birthday love 
It's been a blast mixing the new 
love scars
you made me smile and laugh more than anyone ever has. 

i know you'll always be with me at heart. 

legends never die.

lil peep 
Thanks Brody fr 
Thank you cuzzo 
My morning prayer for you!!!!!! Just call me LOVE 
I can´t stop listening to this podcast. Its genius 
Are you ever just so happy that you're stressed out cause you don't know what to do with all the happiness cause that's how I feel rn 
Working with 
Sipping coffee and watching daddy hang stuff in the new baby boys room 
Had a blast hosting the red carpet tonight for 
 There is so much to see and do in this awesome city! Check out what the winners of the Pockets of Awesome... 
Fall Burgundy Smokey Eye Makeup | 
What an amazing way to show thanks for our troops overseas ... 
A presence on and off the stage, it was an honor to witness your greatness Mel Tillis. 
As cozy as it gets. 
so sad to hear of the passing of david cassidy...  he was always so kind to me - such a pleasure to have had him on my show...  sending love and prayers to his family...  R.I.P. friend 
Birthday gift from my 
we need to go and have that 
Very happy & proud of you 
NOTHING BUT LOVE FOR 
Went to see the 
thank you, Manchester!!!

super excited about my vocals getting better, been practicing a lot for you loves 
Let’s go, Bayern! 
C‘mon Bayern! 
Yay!!  Sooo excited to be the be cohost of 
Anwitha is absolutely adorable! 
Coco the cutie cocochanel_thelabradoodle 
Congratulations  44 years film Namak Haraam (1973) 
It's good just like everything you've had in life, but I'm great just like everything I wanna give you in life
Rise up and attack the day with happiness, enthusiasm , and love 
Light is easy to love. Show me your darkness... 
Be the type of energy that no matter where you go, you always add value to the space and lives around you. 
Fairytale 
Mumbai thanku soooo muchhhh hamesha itna pyaar dene ke liye 
Mumbaiiiiii !!!
Get ready
8th Nov
R Adda 
All the best for the future Ribs 
Some of my favourite photos from Rossendale’s Remembrance Parade today 
Love you all 
Lots of love to you all! I feel so blessed! My fans are the best! 
Heheheh ... I have one too ;) ... will post soon & let’s do that hanging session soon brother! Lots of love! 
'Jaadu Teri Nazar' from 
Thank you ... 
Jamming with my fav voice 
In love with this beautiful single by my favourite 
It was a relief to see all those little smiles and the joy on their faces. So heart warming 
Buy one drink, get one free to share. Nov. 9–13, 2–5pm. 
We were joined by Ann's lovely family as we hijacked her Brownie meeting (sorry girls!) Ann was very surprised and shocked but incredibly grateful. She thanks everyone for their support, especially her family who are always behind her. Congrats Ann, from all in GMW 
Lovely song sung by my sis 
: Get all your holiday shopping done in one place at PETA's Holiday Kind Market! 
He isn't afraid to stand up for people AND animals 
Retweet if you're thankful for your rescue cat 
Harvey and Irma, Married 75 Years, Marvel at the Storms Bearing Their Names
Puppy love...it can get us all 
I want to thank 
Yes, Baby Conwy!
I really got some whole hearted followers
Spotted in 
See you tomorrow in 
CONGRATS 
today 
This experience will live with me forever,i want to say a huge thankyou to every single person who has been behind us and got us this far!
Really enjoyed our dance 
This my friend Gary Loyd who tragically passed away yesterday having fallen down stairs in his house ! Great bloke! Devastated for his family! Shook me to the core!RIP pal! 
Honoured to be celebrating our dear friend Gloria Hunniford’s OBE...we love you Glo 
This. Please take to 
Happy Birthday, Mum. I love you 
We love those 2am special deliveries!!@WTVets
 Rugby 
Just one of 
Lovely evening with the family 
Buzzing to get a text on holiday hearing the boys have lifted another trophy! 
Keep smiling 
Today in 
Thinking of you hun. 
Thank you my bro dutt1 for celebrating my bday. Enjoyed it
Alwys for u my bro@SAfridiOfficial .The compassion,love,care nd 
Overwhelmed by the love 
It was a pleasure 
What a day for Zimbabwe!!! 
It's here. Spray Paint Love.

Aww thank you darling 
Southend you were sooooo fun. I 
Look what just came in! 
Lots of money raised 
My client mayor elect 
I friggin love you guys. Miss sploding with you 
Happy Birthday to my son and favorite penguin 
I'm so sorry, Timmy. I love you. It was an accident. 
I couldn’t be more proud and excited. Come support this beautiful human. 
's LIVE SHOW IS TONIGHT! YOU READY 
Love her!!! Empowerment!!!
Love love love 
Advanced readers copies of FRESHMEN! This hilarious and totally adorable love story is set during freshman year of college 
Thank YOU Waylon! Means a lot to have all of you out there not only enjoying my podcast 
Me listening to Nikki 
 this.
And that’s a draft!

Gonna celebrate by making notes on everything I need to fix and then diving into my next round of edits for another book! Good heavens I love my job 
Instead of fighting like cats and dogs, how about if we get along like cats and dogs? 
Over 15yrs ago I listened to my first punk band & fell in love with everything about it & the culture that came with it. Punk & 
Enchanté ma petit livre...
 please come and spread the word 
Watch the great Isabelle Huppert take a trip inside our films closet! 
Thank you for being there Ginger..Love my 
This man has impacted so many lives including mine. Bless you 
Can't count how many Asian teens who have come up to me at signings and said some variation of: "I didn't know we could be writers too."

We can. YOU can. 
talking about some of my favorite old and new MG reads, including 
thank you all so much for the kind words today!! WHICHWOOD is officially on shelves. i hope you enjoy the story! 
sorry i’ve been a bit MIA, lately! am currently in transit but will be around again soon with all kinds of fun (and updates)! 
Salzburg doing what Salzburg does... Look AWESOME! 
For the Destiny 2 players that thought there was no light at the end of the tunnel. Christopher and team are doing great work. 
Got a chance to meet so many more people 
Happy publication day 
Las Vegas, we love you 
Ahh hooray Australia!!!!!!! 
I did my best with the knowledge I had, and I know I'm no pro but I learned a lot today!. So happy to have taken 3rd, raising 15k for 
 I’m a proud 
This This This. 
Happy birthday IgNar 
Doing a meet and greet in 
Find a guy who looks at you the way 
Goodbye for now, 
Our ladies are on vaca. Only a couple of months till we start shooting season two! 
Mannnn Listen, grocery stores are gonna be packed the next couple of days! 
Been an insane event so far, thanks for all the love and support! We'll be there for day 3! 
We are the Champions 
Such a Great time on 
Thank you Thank you 
November 11th.   Blessed to be Celebrating another year 
Love Her
@comiclonilove As Pregnant 
It's been announced!! We've won 
HEY GUYS 
Hey guys, happy Sunday. 
So excited to let you know that I’m part of a special fitness book. Which is of course about trying to get lean, but also being HAPPY.......head over to 
College football 
Hey Dimples 
Krewe Love 
Our number one street teamer isn't feeling well. Send her some love! 
Thank you Harrison! We 
Follow and retweet for a chance to win one of our Vintage Red Britstitch bags. Winner to be announced tomorrow
Romance, daisies and 
Amplify your favorite 
Our customers 
What's your favourite Antalis product? Don't forget to add it to 'my favourites' when ordering online! 
Waiting until the first day of Thanksgiving break to review my 
FT: Liverpool 3-0 Southampton 
Excellent, inspiring informative and ultimately personable experience this evening at 
Emma Smith from 
Lovely visit from 
Red01 - the best companion for a bright winters day 
I'm in L
Big thanks to Pat Bensberg for spinning Thirst for the Limelight on 
I just wanted to thank all the blogs, zines, websites & wonderful people who have featured big tide! When I quit 
Are you like me and learning 
Anyone tweeting right now on British time, stop. It’s Saturday night. Ignore the bots, trolls & generally insecure people who will simply criticise anything you tweet, and talk to the actual human beings around you. Real life awaits you.  (that includes me, so good bye) 
T W O  O F  A  K I N D. 
Loved playing w/
Love is love. No one should be made to feel their sexuality is an illness. Yet gay ‘cure’ therapies are still legal. 
We’re SO CLOSE to getting the government to respond. Sign & share! 
We had THE best time! Thank you!! 
This was taken at the same school I was at today! 15 years after sharing the 
I know it’s late but thanks to everyone who tuned into 
Wow what an honor to meet THE one and only 
So, it’s official!  We’re bringing Perception Check to 
Always 
We still can’t believe that we have already achieved 70,000 MOVEmber MOVES. For every 1,000 moves we donate £1 
For entire November we will be tracking your MOOVES and for every 1,000 moves generated we’ll donate £1 to 
Service tonight, 
EEEK! This is soon! Help me get to my target please I'm so close :) 
I'm cycling 100 miles in 9 hours to fundraise for 
Do you enjoy cartoons? How about cartoons made with love on a computer? Here's one I made called Meat Mysteries 
Thank you SO MUCH 
I just watched 
Best day in 
 loved yesterday was amazing 
So many awesome women 
Loving it 
Diversity strengthens everything. Sending 
In our 
 virgins 
The SKODA Octavia RS turns heads no matter the colour but which one would you choose?  
I was only at hospital 5 hours yesterday for Sirtex liver radiation. I’ve been through deep valley of pain since getting home. I feel like I’m past worst of acute pain and nausea. No way to know if it worked til next scan. Thanks again for all your 
Besties with Pudsey 
Technologically: 
Thank you Martha's Vineyard 
Date night 
 New Zealand and France are partners on & off the field - we share a strong relationship in business & rugby. Watch the 
Having a review day for our assessment by getting 
Yesterday we were lucky enough to witness the amazing 
Home love it 
Inner west locals have made the best of the stupid destruction of the beautiful George Michael mural 
This year began with my dad mentally suffering depression and suicide attempt. Today he ends the year starting his new career in becoming a recovery support worker.  Words can’t describe how proud we are 
So excited to reveal this prototype device - it will revolutionise your cricket-watching experience. Let’s get it off the ground! 
Sensational coverage 
Ah I can relax! Job done on the track. 10xG1’s & 2 Cox Plates Bright eyed & bushy tailed 
So pleased for 
Love the smiles on these kids faces 
Winx stepping out for a gallop 
The most moving episode of 
Ready to talk money 
A few of your photos out on the front from last month. Thank you 
Soooooooooo he really truly asked and I said yes 
Being in Malaysia and seeing Christmas adverts!!! 
Gwyneth Paltrow is reportedly engaged 
What a dude. 
Can't wait for DOI to come back. Even better now Cheryl Baker & Dan Whiston are on it 
Instagrammable Wineries in Sonoma County 
Happy Birthday Mark! Have a fabulous day and do as Nadia says 
Oh Rathmines!   How we 
TONIGHT! If you’re keen for £1 DRINKS & FREE ENTRY B4 1AM, swing our way for Boombox!


Today I will start my morning by doing 6 hours of care with constant pain.   PLEASE start yours having a run or maybe even having a lie in. Whatever it is I would swap within a sec 
Certainly do....even if it's only for two hours this time.....I'll be back.... 
A-FIRM 
Lovely Captain 
Woop woop.....I knew I could rely on my 
Have been inspired by 
With these three amazing voices and bass ...less is resoundingly more 
Loved being at 
GOOD BOY TALL HAIR 
The music community is coming together to support a teen in a life-threatening accident—here’s how you can help 
Yep, we certainly want to have a dance party with 
I understand and love you all. 
So many memories, so many friends, so many shows. Warped will never die
I have rainbow bright! 
Still so grateful to our friend 
Don't Forget To Tune In To The Second Episode Of The 'A Moment With' Series On Facebook With The Lovely 
Happy 1st Birthday to 
‘This Light I Hold’ 
Thank you - wish yr practice was nearer!!! he’s such a beautiful boy (a little unhinged at times) but beautiful all the same! We 
Loving the new AW collection from 
Really dig this guitar shot. 
How can we pick up 
WOW Thank you 
It's game day!! Hit 
Finally got my 
Love this. Love connecting with people. 
Goodnight all 
Wonderful news ! So well deserved for the magic and miracles they have brought to so many of us 
This is such a beautiful piece 
OPEN till 4pm today for lovely coffee & bakes Stoneybatter & Portobello 
Your seat 
A Big Thanks to the 
...and you can get it signed by Adrian Newey here 
 Top 10 Author - and greatest aerodynamicist of this generation- 
We’re racing around to get ready - we’ll be open in an hour, and have lovely books, gifts, books, coffee, books, cakes, books, cards, books, toys and books...
Did I mention the beautiful books?
HONOURED to announce I am the new face of 
“everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. be kind, always” 
Thank you, Jake!
Partner reading
 our Forestbound collection as much as we do? Shop the 
Six years ago I created a show called 
Our headshot photographer 
Massive thank you to 
Though I didn't publish a new chronicle in 
Super excited to be performing for World AIDS Day concert with 
Feeling traumatized by the last year since 45 was elected? Yeah, us too. But we still got each other and some beautiful queer/trans 
We would 
Just £224 away from our £1000 target! Absolutely fantastic support from you all 
Strong effort here from Ross AKA Chips
Check out our 
Fantastic evening last night, thank you to 
Sending my support and love to former team mate 
My life rn. 
Lunching with my grandad 
Cristiano Ronaldo is simply the greatest player of all time. Well done to Olivier Giroud for that amazing goal! 
Well done, 
Thankyou to 
a wonderful talk 
We use 
What an amazing turnout! So proud of us all
Brilliant game against York St John, another win for us beating them 41-19, thanks for the game ladies 
GAME DAY!! Cup game, 2pm kick off up at 
So proud of this team!! Amazing 29-5 win over 
Finally our first game has arrived! Good luck to all our girls tomorrow travelling away to Durham! Hoping to secure our first BUC's win
Just keep playing 
Mo the Monster is loving this big screen with 
Can’t wait to introduce 
1 WEEK TIL MOVE IN DAY! And we're here to help you out
Day 1 and it's the amazing 
We are here 
We could suggest hundreds of things to do in Nottingham 
Check out our story with NY-1 Arts & Culture reporter @stephsimonnyc as we talk about… 
 We’re at the buildanest 
Join us for the best holiday shopping anywhere - The Grand Central Holiday Fair
*Awesome* yarn bomb at doverstreetmarketnewyork yesterday!!   Getting excited for Fall/Winter… 
 We are loving this tree-shaped wind turbines in France!Sustainable energy sources… 
 Spratters & Jayne Overstock Yarn Sample Sale Pop-Up!    Come and shop our one-of-kind custom… 
 S&J yarn sale at our South Williamsburg studios this Sunday, July 16th 12-7PM!  Handspun… 
I will be telling a 
 sharing about 
A memorial fund set up to
Raise funds to promote Carls legacy for future generations.
Julie this is a lovely idea 
Awesome job by our Jr. Boys team for winning the Wal-Mart Meet today! 
LAUNCHING TODAY!  Please support/RT the link to crowdfuding anthology 
Love my pre-parade selfies! 
As ambassadors for 
 couldn't help myself but cry this evening watching 
Thanks for sharing 
Do not miss this- a wonderful, stunning piece of theatre. You could have heard a pin drop during the matinee today. Rows of students totally absorbed. Beautiful work 
Amazing new album by 
Ok there’s just enough time before I’m on air at midnight to talk you through this truly incredible TSV. Will you be joining me? 
I’m live on 
See you there! 
Good luck Gang.....Blackpool here you come! Enjoy every second. 
The pleasure was all ours Julie....what a delightful couple and what a wonderful love story. As the young ones say....
So sorry Kati!....please give her a big hug from me & 
Thank you Kristina...HUGE respect to you professional dancers....you make it look so easy and it's NOT!!! 
Thank you Dan....had the BEST time with 
Thank you James....had a blast! Hats off to you professionals....dancing is SO much harder than you make it look! 
Thank you Candice....couldn't have wished for a better partner. Thanks for your support 
Happy birthday to one of my favourite people on the planet 
You can also exclusively get the track 'Indigo' if you're a 
you're so welcome! Have an amazing day girl 
closing todays show w/

 
whoever was talking to my mum about me today, big up 
Skate or die!!! 
Congrats to these absolute stars 
 BUBBLEGUM video came out yday and we are feeling the love.. keep spreading the word! tonight we play 
 Holy fuck! Bath you blew our minds we love you 
Tonight I’m playing at 7:15 
What does your festival horoscope say about you?
READING crew 
Yet to subscribe? Better change that for a chance to win!

Oh these two. ''Twas epic. And beautimus. 
Eeek! Check out my 
All the warm fuzzy feels 
Loving the love for Muriel 
Thank you Jodie! 
YES!! cannot express in words how much I love these 
RELEASE DAY IS HERE!

VOID TRIP #1 from me, 
Red velvet, leopard, and my favorite under $100 jeans (which are on sale)! • Get the details here 
I’m always playing with Luna’s curls and tucking her hair behind her ears, so she has started doing it to me too 
Big love to everyone who joined us at Ally Pally 
London. Last night was something else. So much love to everyone who came out. We
bend, don’t break 
My talk 
My awesome studio buddies 
Yessss!!! Love this!!! Enough by 
What a night yesterday! Thank you Liverpool, 
Orlando, surprise afterparty !!! We're inviting a squad to turn up with us before our set 
Living with your best friends is just the best thing
Literally my favourite human being 
This is definitely an all time Great from The  Legend 
Spent the morning with two luminaries 
Trance hearts 
So happy about this night! Thanks everyone for coming and supporting the 
Get ready for ADE by watching this movie about the do's & dont's when you go clubbing in Amsterdam. Celebrate Safe
Wow!!! Still number 1 on top chart all week. 

The remix pack of 
I can't go a day without listening to 
Expect only the best in 
You live your life just once
So don’t forget about a thing called love
Happy Birthday Fadi from 
Incredibly proud and excited to be able to share this.

Lone - DJ Kicks. 

September 29. 

Preorder: 
Last Night at Crobar, Buenos Aires!
I can't describe how much i love you! 
Buddies 
We still can't get over how amazing last Saturday was with Amelie Lens! 
What a night!! Thank you Brooklyn & thank you 
OUT NOW!! My Remix of CRW - Feel Love 
Updated Instagram Rocket and Youtube Cercube by 
The ppl in Scotland are one of a kind... THANK YOU 
The ppl in Scotland are one of a kind .. THANK YOU 
Final days in Australia 
I threw a spin on one of my favourite 
Collect video premiering on 
If you saw last night's episode of 

3 generations of Estadio crew Halloween get ups 
To the incredible people of 
Here's how you can help the Myanmar-Bangladesh Crisis 
Spread the love... 
 Hunee on the 
We love a good ball pool... 
If you haven’t already, make sure you check out my feature on 
Much 
Huge shout to 
I get real excited when good friends release new music. Today, it's all about 
Instrumental music got played on BBC radio. Huge love to 
A few words on why it's so important to support the amazing new bands out there 
Can't wait to play with you guys on Friday. 
 All the First Ladies have stolen from me 
AUSTRALIA today is the last day to vote YES for Marriage Equality. please do your part and let us get hitched like the rest of ya 
Last Saturday at 
Sound of 
Motherly advice from Chloe. 
Harvest continues!  Thank you for sharing Scott
Picture perfect colors are saturating 
Schedule your next wine country visit to 
When in 
Outside Lands with my main man. 
We're on the effing FRONT ROW for 
I finally watched it and I love it!!! Monica, you are so talented! Can’t wait to watch more your short (or not just short) films! 
I've added two artists I love to my 'Tracks To Vibe To' playlist. 
 didn’t disappointtttt 
This last one is for Ibiza... 
My 'She Freaks' EP is finally out exclusive to 
OBRIGADO 
This it was Halloween in my beloved ITALIA ... what a night!!! 
Weetamix Ginevra Swiss yesterday was great! I hope to come back soon 
December 22nd 
We can't wait to have 
 to win 4 x Halloween tickets here at Studio338!

Opening Weekend, Sankeys & Space line-ups release at 12pm today! 
unlikely friendship 
tonight’s the night! 
That Mills 808 pause/play trick 
Tracklist from yesterday on 
I'm in facking 
Thanks for the support! 
We are a nice meeting point 
The second EP on my label Sulta Selects is out on Vinyl and Digital now: 
I am so excited and humbled to be featuring in this show. So many of us go missing. Our… 
Upgraded for Paris and paid for London. 
Can't wait to see you in Paris, hope I could get a Package to meet you again 
Wardrobe envy: 
My friends 
 and gold Oscar Boots 
The beautiful people, the beautiful people... 
Peep some of the magical moments that the 
Yes!! That’s why I started 
Awesome!! Enjoy 
I know. It is an awesome book. So many people are going  to want to visit 
So glad u enjoyed 
Love everything about this 
Can you believe it's the last ever season of 
 BEST NEW 
Open as usual today. Get your fix 
SUPER cool.
I like to call this 
Th'lump is my day 3 inktober inspiration 
Happy Holidays from us to you!  And a big thanks to 
Miss McCabe,Vida & Marilynn have had an inspiring day training to become 
That’s a wrap, friends! Thanks to all who joined us for 
Today in the warehouse - packing and sealing boxes before they are sent off to their little owners 
Thanks Chicago for so much fun and love.! I’ll keep you all in my heart 
Back from 
Had a great dinner 
NEW RETAILER: Math Magazine is now available at 
holiday 
Do you 
my boyfriend and I wear distance bracelets from 
SO THRILLED about 
The greatest joy is making music and telling stories with you, Judith. 
the holy vault scene to bless your timeline 
It’s official! Time to walk off into that sunset. It’s been the most incredible job of my life. Thankyou 
So I’ve just watched the 
5 years ago she was shot for campaigning for girls education. Today she joined Oxford University! Bravo dear Malala! 
WE CAN START A NEW WORLD!

WITH LOVE AT THE CENTER 

IT'S TIME


I’m sending mine SOON! 
Finally watched the 
Aw snap, we 
This amazing production of 
 London salutes the brilliant sold-out clothing-optional special edition of 
Bless that one guy who prompted everyone to give a shit and get moving 
Yay! It arrived! Now I can listen on vinyl while I edit. Thanks for the beautiful music 
We hope everyone has had a great Love Theatre Day! Tell us what you LOVE about theatre and the arts? 
If you're off to the 
3. And look how STUNNING and FUN they are!! All illustrations by Oliver Messel, c. 1957 from the Oliver Messel Archive 
Thanks all for the sold out and for the amazing night... 
Creative Corner forever 
If you've enjoyed 
 ‘I suspect’ so too!
 Absolutely! 
Roughly 60,000 Londoners are at risk of heart rhythm disorders. Drop into to our health hub at City Road todayfor a free pulse check. It could be a life saver! 
Attending the Parliamentary Reception at the House of Commons raising awareness of 
‘Hope through research’ - 
Truly inspiring afternoon with 
# COYS..SQUAD ..
Thank YOU!!! I’ve lost count of the amount of times I’ve had to fight for my patients, explaining to various insurances that PTSD is a psychiatric injury and should be afforded the same benefits/accommodations as a broken leg/arm. You ROCK! 
Also an incredibly moving presentation from 
 you were amazing tonight 
Merry Christmas from the GM and F&F Team in Bar Hill! 
 our Christmas advert this year 
Brilliant! 
Big thank you to all of my team in and around Manchester today for all that you are doing to support 
Monday morning Comp. We have a signed copy of Geis by Alexis Deacon 
This weekend my beautiful girlfriend made me the luckiest man in the world and said yes! Couldn't be happier! 
Thanks to everybody that stod by my side for the last months.Thanks to my  family,coach,teammates,Mino,DarioFort,Dahan,DrFu,DrVolker,Manutd and the most important my fanz.This was not a one man work without all of you I would not be playing fotball today Thank you and I 
Pizza Hut is one of my favourite places obviously! PIZZA
Plumstead Tesco express we are preparing for Valentine's Day..
Plumstead Tesco express we are preparing for Valentine's Day 
Tesco express plumstead we are preparing for Valentine's Day....
Had a call from this cheeky chap this morning 
We never truly know what people are going through.. 
"I 
Rockfish HQ 
 so proud 
In LOVE with my dainty little necklace from 
With all your purchases today and tomorrow. We will donate 30% to 
Such a pleasure to shoot for GQ CHINA. Thanks guys for having me! 
My wonderful friend 
Arguably my boldest photobomb ever... (
Plans for today:
Watch 3 hours of special features 
Ireland hasn't just said "Yes"...
Ireland has said:
"F
Started a thread of people falling asleep on the last day of pink training after two nights out in a row. Enjoy 
Just some of the many reasons why we 
Girl crush complete... 
Christmas and New year OFFER
 My new acoustic video - IM NOT THAT GIRL - is out now 
Super excited to share with you this song I wrote a few weeks ago about something close up my heart 
I had the joy of working on the launch of 
 Still on those weekend vibes, Settling into my soho pad and I'm falling in love with it every… 
 JUICEBOX VIDEO IS HERE 
Arsenal legend. Happy to be able to call 
Job love 
Sport gave me my escape,a purpose, the confidence to go prove people wrong along the way who thought I would not amount to much..it made me want to be a winner not just in sport but in life!! 
Class tomorrow!!

Contemporary Jazz at @pineappledancestudios 5-6pm!
Check out 
No words for this! Just beautiful
I wanted to do something special for the MCID crew and this is what I came up with 
What a team! 
Needed grounding. 
Went for a walk.
Realised I'm still here,
Despite it all. 
What an amazing first run of @heavenearthtour today!! I love our team 
Thank you for your ongoing support!! 
Family day at 
We're sending our very own 
 YOU JADE!! 
The full cast of upcoming 
Marisha Wallace is not only taking on the role of Effie White this week, she's also releasing a Christmas album! 
Hope you like it! 
Drew Johnny aka 
This time I did a realistic drawing for 
I fucking love you guys. There ain’t enough love. Ruh-tweet if you got love for your crew, your family, your friend, and fellow humans. 
Going to build on last nights point this weekend! 
So so happy for one of my closest friends in the sport! All of the last few weeks have paid off and I am incredibly proud of you 
My baby is 11 today 
Happy 11th birthday to my special  little lady gracie.flips 
Mahoosive CONGRATUALTIONS to my super amazingly talented friend 
happy 23rd birthday Tyler 
So as us Gooners head to bed.

One last tweet.

Just in case you weren't aware..

'We beat the Scum 2 nil.'

Monday night the girls are recording with their first guest - look out for the tweets, tomorrow evening and Gooners, remember..


Lots of great books up for auction for 
Oh this is gorgeous 
Thanks 2 
Dia cuatro w 
See what 
Massive congratulations to these lovebirds. 70 years of marriage....impressive!! Now that’s relationship goals right there.
NYC last call for 
£150,000 GUARANTEED for the upcoming £550 main event! 
 Al Fresco on Faux Leather 
It's a Frenchic Freebie Friday!

Max Mcmurdo on stage at the Ideal Home Christmas Show in Manchester 
I know I hit the mark when i get some 
My London run of Ladsladslads is now on sale I love you 
my adaptation of Pride and Prejudice has been published so you can put it on for your parents 
40th 
My girls.... 
The greatest 
10 years of waiting and we finally receive some recognition for what we do 
Wish u a speedy recovery 
And big love to my local theatres keeping arts vibrant in the 
We're very proud of all our new players! 
This is great fun, make sure you come along! 
Congratulations to my friend 
So so proud 
Lest We Forget. 
We Will Remember Them.

Great to see rugby having such a positive impact in our local area
Yessss Australia step into 2017.. 
Thinking about all the girls playing for 
So much respect for someone still so young herself 
Love this!!!!!! 
Love you 
Huge thanks to all 
We absolutely LOVE this video of Amy & Christopher wedding 
here what's available in my merch store I kno u guys would look GOOD in it 
I'm so proud of 
Who said ladies don’t 
Perth love 
sometimes it just feels right 
Happy Birthday to my not so little anymore brother maguire_odhran 
Our team has lose a great friend and a true hero. 
Always love playing the 
 arrived today 
Whilst we have a little attention, we want to big up some amazing orgs working with young people in care. 
Woo yes please listen! 
Missing my girl right about now 
My mum created me the most amazing bedroom, before I head to LA she said she wanted me to have the best room! Love you mum
Thank you booboo 
Thank u so much 
Omg thankyou for following me 
 THANK YOU SOOO MUCH, I LOVE YOU 
Don't our Coaches look right at home? 
Swear there’s nothing like being home 
I love a good weekend in Cola 
$8.3 Million! Thank you Alberta for making your mark on the lives of more than 480,000 youth representing 159 charities across Alberta. 
Great win on Senior Night! We sure our thankful for our seniors! 
Darlings, Charlotte will be LIVE on 
Had a good morning with the 
No joke I can’t WAIT for American Idol to come back. My fave show 
Congrats everyone! See you in Vegas soon!!! 
? Pizza + Ranch 
To all graduates celebrating this week, you are now part of a wonderful Alumni community! 
The ceremonies are in full swing for 
It's not just our most recent graduates we are celebrating this 
Cheers bro
Let your heart lead
If you follow your heart, you will always find your way
Happy Birthday to the cutest pup in town, 
Very emotional tonight 
COUNTY CUP | We have been drawn at home to 
Well done Cov Utd Academy 
MATCH DAY | We head to 
RESERVES | 
Love this work by Robyn Denny at Embankment, it always makes me smile 
Proud to be associated with 
All at the Ton would like to wish 
It's Game Day 
Practice Makes Progress 
 you matter, you are loved, your struggles are valid and you are not alone 
this list about Birmingham in the 
We were delighted to host this beautiful wedding for Felicity and James! 
Happy birthday mom 
happy bday shout out to my biggest cheerleader all throughout my life. thank you for always being my single lady bff. ily&imy 
Happy birthday Steph, I miss saying hi to your beautiful self all of the time!!! Hope you had a great day 
YAY! 
The race pales into insignificance now but we were strong and ready to take the win.

Thinking of Dan and his family and friends at this time 
My thoughts are with Dan Hegartys Family , team and friends. 
3 documentaries among 2017's 10 best reviewed films. Proud see 
It's pink and that means that it's a girl!!!!!
Best place to sleep is on mommy 
Time to take you home my beautiful baby girl! I can’t stop looking at you in my eyes you are absolutely perfect! I love you 
Huge congrats to Mummy, Daddy & Baby Natalia xxx 
Please read and if possible dig deep for a great cause. 
So thrilled I can finally shout this from the rooftops - delighted to be a part of this amazing show on Broadway!! 
We’ve done it again, see you all next year. It’s been a pleasure to compete next to you guys 
Unbelievable exprience on Arthur Ashe Stadium last night. It will be a moment that I will never forget. Thank you 
Congrats to my bae for committing to such a great university well deserve love you babe cali bound here we come 
Alhumdulliah. Thankful for all I have 
 

Wow....simply wow! To everyone involved.....

Thank you 
We need 100,000 Americans to sign the card thanking our troops this Thanksgiving. 
Miami nights with my love 
I do love it out here in Nica
Thank you for all your years of support. I don’t forget the ones who have been along for this long ride.  
Thank you everyone! 
Up late finalizing launch stuff. 
I love you all so much. 

Night 
 winsssss 
Happy brithdayyyy to the little brotha! Love ya
Thanks cait 
 this!

After a hard fought 80 minutes of 
when you’re a puppy and wanna play with everything 
What a weekend 
You get what you give 
You guys can officially sign up for my website! I have been working on it for months.  Go to 
My bday boy 
There's no better way to create synergy between your prodtent and the youngling end-user than with what's called a GIF. Infantazoids 
Thank you so so so much to everyone who voted last night!!! You've made me a happy man!!! 
Can we talk about my nephew and his high school graduation pic? I’m so proud of him. Also, another nephew 2nd from right. The next generation is strong! 
In preparation for our 
Australia said Yes and I got to meet 
Game, Set, Match, Navratilova. 
Thanks Baby 
We know the feeling. Love at first sight with the MX-5 Cup Car. 
Thank you boss 
And I am reminded that earlier this year I had £7 in my account, now I’m wondering when I’m gonna send my Mum and sis Dubai or move out 
Been using nothing but 
Love love my Christmas present from my special friend 
Wow this looks amazing 
Last night at the Children with Cancer ball was great
One of my favourite fighters of all time 
So sad, used to watch The Partridge Family as a kid, and loved his records. Met him once randomly near Welwyn, he was really lovely. RIP DC 
Thank you for serving our country. Because of your sacrifice and commitment we are free. All gave some. 
This made me smile this morning! Thank you 
#10 on the track 󾟗 
#1 in our hearts 
You little wizard 
Liked Nicola Hanssen’s pt abt basic need of people being meaningfully connected. Participation should be at 
I wanna thank everyone for the beautiful support for Mom’s book— 
Last time playing on the same court as my sissy 
Looking fwd to this new game 
Another I
Feeling the love... 
NLC Dawson Creek Campus carpentry students with an I 
National Child Day...everyday could be a day to honour, respect & celebrate our young citizens! Today, I'll squeeze mine just a lil tighter!
“Can we keep reading?” Makes my 
On May first I’m going to find a tree and wish for someone to Love with all my heart. 
 bike photos 
PAPER CHAINS begins as school lets out for Thanksgiving break, so I can’t help but think of Katie & Ana today, walking home after the final bell, totally unaware of the adventures ahead. Thankful for all of you who have supported this book and its very grateful author. 
Ss 
K learning about book care! 
Just navigating our way through to camp with these angels 
Mid morning walks in Yorkshire....
"Can we do our work in your room for a few minutes? You're nice and we like learning in there." 
My children and me - their refugee dad - can live TOGETHER in this country because of programs like DACA. These things matter. Immensely. 
“I like the 
Every year I commit to read more. I 
What's right with the world? Fierce hearts like 
72 hrs...

LA
Salt Lake City
St Louis 
Detroit 
LA

Lots and lots and lots of 
Enigmatic 
To know one another and center our students and their multiple identities in safe inclusive schools spaces is critical. So much admiration for you, dear friend. 
Trying something new this AM w/my Ss as I combine what I shared in my 
Fam, 
Gr8 to meet w/people who know+value the importance of mental wellness. 
SJFC always 
Call to action, educators! Send us images of your Inclusive Classroom Libraries.All kids deserve to see themselves reflected in bks 
Check out these finalists for the 
This. So much beauty here. TY for sharing your literary life with us all, 
Beautiful inclusive books in your library 
Stellar list of inclusive texts here. 
Edu fam, check out 
YES!!! 
AEMCON DAY 1 is over! How are you all feeling after today? 
I’m thrilled to join 
When your students start their day like this, you know you’ve done something right!  
 I am THANKFUL for you! All of you! I learn & grow each day from you. Thank you for supporting my professional development. I am grateful. 
Heard you lil bro 
Geometry Love! 
The Mahones Katie Kaboom and Finny McConnell surprise some friends at the wedding 
Starting and finishing the year 
 Day 3. We are grateful for students who love to read so much they grown when it's time to stop! 
This makes my heart so full! Our staff and students are feeling the love and positivity. 
Look who came over with coffee this morning. So great to see 
A big Happy Birthday to my nephew / Godson shanedoesmyhair today. Love you 
Only the best for my son Kevin 
I just had a wonderful visit from the beautiful Katie Lonergan 
New York City, Lower East Side 
I love these puppies 
 this!!!!!
"Make Chester proud." 
Autumn reminds me of late Shannen Koostachin. This girl is going to go so far in her life. She already is. Go Autumn!! 
We love promoting our members' solo journeys and new business ventures! 
New blog is up on my website!
I talk about conception after 40 and fertility so it might not be for the faint of 
I've got one! 
Wonderful! 
On now til Dec 31st: Give an O'Finn's gift card = GET an O'Finn's gift card
Let us do ALL the work - Booking your Christmas/Holiday party at O'Finn's 
Remembering those who fought for our freedom 
We have a new menu to share with our awesome guests, but we still have our FRESH P.E.I. Mussel feature every Wednesday - Just $5.49 
 chatted with 
Come by 
Imma miss my Asian family 
So excited for our morning assembly with Keep Memory Alive! 
We are Vegas Strong! 
Fertitta Pride at home and away! 
Happiest day of my life yesterday saying yes to my soulmate
She said yes!!! So thrilled to be engaged to my soulmate!!! 
It’s gonna be so grea-ay-ayyyyt 
Just a great day with my flaka 
Protecting children's rights is our priority. 
Date Day at Disney!! 
Snuggles with my boys to end a Friday night=nothing better!
This brought me to tears... Thanks to my mom for always being there 
Know a person or organization with exceptional dedication to 
Hillary Clinton delivered the eulogy for LGBT rights activist Edie Windsor.
Thank you so much to Karl and the team at 
Being Scottish
A stunning scene you could gaze at for hours...
Quiraing on the Isle of Skye 
How much do you 
Wait til you meet PaPa Hardy 
Yes you are!! 
We are 
When you find the perfect spindle AFTER you had it all done ---my guys 
No words for my 
"Go find what it is that inspires you, go find what you love, and do it until it hurts." Christmas Day Reads 
Paul Molitor a bit emotional after being named AL Manager of the Year. Congrats, Molly!!! 
The feeling of having your life back again. Great to see him back doing what he loves. 
HUGE congrats to this year's wonderful shortlist 
Thank you Ian for helping us put into words the love we have for Ottawa
I can’t even begin to put into words how much this community means to us. It has been the best 6 years of my life, thank you Ottawa. 
Looking for a night out? Support a really wonderful cause while wining and dining! 
Just awful. My heart goes out to the people of Vegas
Bryan Murray made Ottawa our home for the past 6 years, I'm very grateful for him-simply put he was a good man. Sending love to his family
Tim and I are so grateful to be honored for our work at the Aflac Cancer Center at 
As I step into 
We may not have won the 
! You still have time to vote for 
Happy Birthday to the best dad & papa 
Pflag York Region is a family for all! 
That’s My Boy 
WOOWWW NOW THATS LOVE 
THANK YOU!! 
Thanks for the memories 
The team of 
Dad been shot 13 times, mom & grandma lost their life in the same week.. but god blessed me with a daughter
Woman raises $20,000 for homeless man after he gave her his last $20 
Our hearts go out to all of those affected by the North Bay wildfires 
The year is 2017. Desktop applications are written in JavaScript. Your CPU is busy rendering a blinking cursor.

(With much 
Heartfelt 
So thrilled to see such great community support. You're the best, 
I've been using 
NBD Western Canada High School's production of Hamlet includes a nineties cover band! So proud of 
Without these Founding Members, 
You know how to run a festival, my friend! 
 is one week away! Your generous donation to the Art Gallery of Hamilton is an investment in our community initiatives, helping the public grow and learn through art. 
This is BIG! We are so proud! 
More ace 
My homies 
We are so thankful to everyone who support their local food banks & help make a difference in their community
Thank you Andy.  This is why I 
A big thank you to all of our hardworking and amazing staff who made today's grand open party a huge success! 
We could listen to the beautiful soothing voice of 
A big thank you to the amazing morning show at 
She's my fav. 
HAPPY 4TH OF JULY! 
Totally fan-girling over Dr. Martin Brokenleg today. 
1 yr ago, 
If U 
Most of tonight's awesome wine & art crew! Thanks to 
1st match was incredible. Let's see what 
My favorite 
Gonna be a beautiful tour, I just know it, to be among amazing artists 
 

Elisa & Ehren, W2x Regatta Champions at 
Demo today at Save-On-Foods until 4pm! 
my heart 
There are no spots left for our upcoming screening of 
Your 2017 Area Champs 
Beautiful tributes in honour of Andy Kruk at the Mirabella Condo Stage. Elvis Performers and Let the Good Times Roll until 6:30PM 
Few footy seasons ago but it was a weekend that lit the fuse for where I am today, enjoy the 
 this
I wait all year for August to come, and then the fall flies by! Never ready for it to end, especially when a team is so near to my heart. Proud of everything these 14 women have poured into our volleyball program. Thankful for each and everyone of you! 
Early morning Happy Valentines Day from U.S. Anti-Doping Agency 
As expected, Tuna Melted My Heart today. 
Congratulations to one of our future Cball members for winning State today!  We can’t wait for you to become a Knight! 
Thank you so much to everyone who came out and supported us these past days. Thanks for making our season great! 
Our darkroom collective’s group expo in 
'A good bookshop is just a genteel Black Hole that knows how to read’ - Terry Pratchett

Jordan, Justin, Gord, Tim and Sean ... thank you just doesn't seem like enough. 
Thanks Portion Control LV 
 the cast & crew of 
This morning is U2 in honour of you 
Aaah fanks 
We extend our sincere condolences & love to the Downie family & friends. We love you Gord & you will be missed.
Duke Delegate André is spreading the 
We hosted a 
A night 
I'M SO EXCITED!!!!!!! Don't forget to watch my movie, "Road Less Traveled," on 
I CANT BELIEVE THIS IS HAPPENING. Watch my movie, "Road Less Traveled," on 
Regardless of the outcome, I’m so proud of 
It was the best moment of any show I've ever been involved in. Thank you for the hometown love 
Voting for the next 
Wishing "mom-of-the-year" 
Just when I thought I couldn’t 
Nobody makes us turn the pages so ruddy swiftly. Edge-of-the-seat guarantee from 
 the sacrifice that soldiers have made and continue to make for our freedom. 
 loving this new line. thank you for having me
So excited to see 
Moving house and getting ready for Thanksgiving in the same week is nothing short of cray, but

I’ll be in my Hometown Bolton this Sunday raising funds for an amazing cause with 
20,000 views in three days!!! oh my gosh I'm so so proud. Go watch this video if you haven't, it is so inspiring and it makes you feel so empowered. Thank you for creating this
These girls are amazing. Always supporting one another and supporting cast 
Inspired by all the New Yorkers I see running, walking and biking along West Street today. 
Oh, and... “Masculinity is a cage!” 
Damn. 
 seeing how 
This fandom has been amazing, kind, warm, & welcoming. Everyone on screen & behind the scenes on 
This holiday season, 
WEST COAST 
"Thank You For Saving My Life." One of the most beautiful moments at our 
 Week is here! We're celebrating w/ our great friends, the hilarious 
I’m so glad you enjoyed it. It’s terrifying to think of authors listening to me talk about their book-baby. Best wishes. 
Hi SANTA ROSA! This show is a benefit for Santa Rosa Fire Relief. We hope you can make it out and we can help your city rebuild. 
B R O O K L Y N 
played some songs live in the studio for 
tysm atlanta and 
Legitimately one of the best experiences of my life 
another cool thing i did last nite: wore 
The Egbo Trio just dazzled a packed house 
 We just hit 25% and I know there are plenty of excited pledgers still trying to decide! 
 thanks for the happy tears this morning. Happy shaving!! Much love from Las Vegas. 
Keep voting 
Thank u all 4 the BDAY wishes. I thank god for another year. I promise 2 make every second count, be the best I can be & continue 2 grow
a nice reminder 
 thank you for continuing the dialogue re the harassment/assault of women & encouraging more men to wake up to what I can only describe as a pandemic. It means a lot to survivors of sexual assault, such as myself. 
Dear Mom,
It's my first time back @worldseriesofficial since 1988. Not only am I old enough to remember now, I'm not leaving early. 
Me and the boys made it to number one on the charts today! Blown away by the love and support y’all 
Just saw 
Oh my heart! Look at this gorgeous family! Happy Birthday to your Grandma and have a wonderful Thanksgiving! 
Woke up from a nap to my parents laughing watching Tommy Boy for the 100th time. Good to be home! 
Edmontonians made a difference in my childhood by giving to the food bank. I’m forever grateful & looking forward to .
Much love to these boys.

We were, we are, we will always be


I honestly couldn’t be any more happy while watching 
Laying on my couch, awaiting mac and cheese made by husband, fully aware of my comfort level as the world I love is in distress all around.  Staying in the moment as it can all implode on a personal level at any given moment. Peace. 
Gnight!!!
To honor and thank you for your service to our country, we're proud to offer active and retired military personnel — and their families — a 15% discount* on in-store purchases, today and every day 
Today only, enjoy complimentary monogramming & personalization on hundreds of items across our family of brands! 
Tomorrow night! Bring a canned good and let’s support 
Happy Mother's Day to this beautiful mom
Thanks for the heads up on 
Thanks boo
Awww thanks momma
Wish I could see you and your shirt sweater now. 
Sending our thoughts and condolences to the friends and family of Justin "Juice" Lee. 
 to my big sister 
 Sunday’s 
Another successful Friendsgiving by 
-ing this little number from 
A group of amazing women & I made a video for 
Happy birthday, Mark! I hope it is a great one! 
The Winner of the Stars of the City, Stars with 
Thanks to everyone who sent a box of stuffing! We bought 292 boxes for 
Nothing warms our heart quite like a group photo 
Performing 
Happy Birthday Canada!!
All set to perform in Dewinton for the volunteers of the Foothills Country Hospice. What a great group of people! 
Hot stuff, cold day, warm heart 
Last day, m’loves! 9 hours left. Thank you, all of you, for your incredible support. 
Tonight in London w 
Thanks again to 
 literally yelled, “MOM!?” 
Love these kinds of messages! 
Pepperoni, on pepperoni, on pepperoni! 
In-house, hot smoked 
 @JimSueMaddocks it's stunning, their Syrah is a favourite of ours 
 were so good man! New tunes actually went off big time 
Ryan 
Stevie!!!! 
Uncle Guish 
Because daughters are worth fighting for 
We are waiting 
God bless you princess 
Out today is issue 5 of 
Saturday 1st July 
This sea lion refused to go back home without her BFF — so she kept running back to get him 
Today’s reason to 
Back at ya sweetie!!!!
, retweet and follow if you want to see more behind the scenes antics with me, 
Why leave the pup at home when you can take her with on those around town errands? 
running out of their delicious 
 Raspberry Habanero Jam where have you been all my life! 
HUGE Congratulations to 
A magical moment for 
Salt Lake city is officially on my never ending travel bucket list after the new 
If you're still undecided about visiting Ireland, let this change your mind. 
30 minutes from our house. 
Our next episode is going to take a little longer to come out. Craig is out of the country and I'm struggling to get everything done on my own (not even podcast related stuff just life in general) 
Aiming for a Thursday release. Sorry everyone!
Current fave song. Ma lo - 
GUYS!!! pls start this 
Catherine Lowe reveals baby no. 2 was a surprise! her adorable story: 
We know our Instagram posts 
Why today? November 19 is the date of the “discovery’ of Puerto Rico by Christopher Columbus. It is a date filled with geopolitical connotations. I can’t make it but I stand with Puerto Rico in the 
This young man has a lot of -- 
Come get  your midweek boost! Visit us online or in person. 
 I bended some rules and finally listened to you on 
We totally geeked off about this 
‘Lest we forget’ 11.11.11 
Tonight has been epic! 
We still like to do a little salute to Terry this time of year. 
Samantha and her fella 
Those that know me will confirm that I am never lost for words. Well tonight i was. I am so proud to have been given this most special award from one of the causes closest to my 
Posting pictures of People throughout this Thanksgiving Week that I am thankful for. I will post an all inclusive list just in case "you", yes "you" don't make the list! 
The U.K. is where I got my start, seems fitting that the tour should end here. Leeds-Glasgow-Manchester-Bristol-London, my final 5 shows 
 Join the Love Revolution and let’s celebrate, so we can do something together for a better world! 

 - Thank you all for already joining the Love Revolution! See you in August! 
Belonging to Poet's Den at 
Just been listening again to 
Brand new music for you.. 
The Daily - I 
 Approach the week with boundless enthusiasm and POUR YOUR HEART INTO IT! 
Thanks for the feature. DnB heads get following RT 
 - Gotta have it 
For our next release, we have something very special from 
 are such a bunch of lovely people they have uploaded this smoothie of a remix by 
Give back to rec sites & trails you 
Some brand new bangers for your listening pleasure
Today marks the day that we won our licence back. It’s also a perfect reminder to thank everyone who made this possible and for all the kind messages today that we’ve received. You've made us feel loved 
Buy, share and support. If you love D&B pay homage to one of the best that ever did it! Big up 
Sat NOV 11 TH 
We are Blackout and we 
My face when I know i'll be home soon 
Liverpool fans must have got a real flashback to instanbul 2005 tonight. Nostalgic times 
Alya in Coronation Street looks like her pum-pum would smell of roses 
Thanks for your generosity. Couldn’t have done any of this without you guys 
Brand new updates - 15th NOV.. new music on the list from:


I was going to play this in my set tonight anyway but this is even more of a reason to! 
Get involved right now ...

I 
Bought the 
As you know  thanksgiving is tommrow for  me it's 1:46am I'm incredibly  thankful for 


Spotify users 
Serial Killaz 
You’ve got a big heart too 
Happy Birthday again to my bestie 
Get to be with my girl tonight 
Thank you to every single man and woman who has served to protect us. We owe you so much 
Massive vibes from 
Absolutely thrilled to announce my debut Essential Mix this weekend on 
AWW THANK U BROOKE LOVE U AND MISS U LOTTSSS
we are thrilled to be a part of the 
AHHH THANK U SO SO MUCH!!:)
AHH THIS IS GONNA BE SO AMAZING I CANNOT WAITTT!!
There's a lot of Water in the Cosmos right now. Crying is good release especially if you're in the middle of a transformation/leveling up. 
Love!! Enjoy my sweet!!! 
MAJOR 
Loveee!!! 
Looks so MAJOR on you booboo 
Absolute craziness...Still on cloud 9. Thank you so much to everyone for the support. Biggest love from the bottom of my heart 
LOVE and ADORE uuuuuuuuu 
I'll remember this forever 
A staple coat (
This is amazing. A must read. Much love and respect to you and your family 
My faves 
Michelada. On in 20 at 
 thanks for coming!
You don’t always have to appease others, It’s okay to do what feels good to you. 
Thank you guys for having me and for your  
My guy James , rooting for you man 
Hey guys , we on our way to tonight’s show in Barnstaple. I just wanted to thank you for all for your very kind birthday wishes, they mean so much to me. 
Let’s party party tonight dawg!! 
Tonight, @hectorshouse_edinburgh welcome Van D’s Dundee-based collective, All Good, to our vaults for their first shindig in the Capital 
All I got for you today. 
Thank you for your great support at Yeovil last night   
When you're seconds away from dying of hypothermia and the 
WOW!!!!  
And that's why they have you! 
"My great hope for us as young womanise to start being kinder to ourselves, so that we can be kinder to each other."  The beautiful Emma Stone sharing her hope for more kindness 
Even the spiky ones need love and affection 
 We believe in you 
You can watch live theatre on Broadway and you don't even have to wear pants! 
 we’re 
Ahhh I love this so much 
On Cloud 9 
Just saw this & got emotional. Our 
Another banger from a series of bangers: It's 
Performing for a good crowd never gets old. Thanks Raleigh, NC!!! 
The fact that people travel from different countries/states to see us perform is insane!

So much love to everyone supporting us and making our dream a reality 
Here's our last song from the Diamond Tape... Thank you for all the support 
Whenever I hear “Don’t let me down” on the radio I think of 
We need your help! Irma will create damaging winds and rain for our farmers. Let's buy them out to show our 
Blessed to be part of all the love at 
One of the best days of my life! Thank you guys for giving me that experience 
Just do it 
How much do you value yourself, respect yourself, and love yourself? 
One of our favorite indulgent recipes...and perfect for the holiday season 
Happy B Day to my sister 
Changing the face of history at Ambition to Action with 
Today, we announced new Gusto plans, so you can choose what you need as your 
The most important thing is to create a product/service that people absolutely love. Proud of 
Getting Ready for Runes!
Shout out to my INCREDIBLE hair and makeup team on 
they've all been hurt, that's what made them stronger! 
Thank You! 
Highly recommend checking this lovely person out. She’s pushing for partner and is really close to applying!


Massive well done 
Lazy mornings like this

"dames en heren, we komen aan in Luik guillemins" sometimes even the dirtiest language in world sounds good 
Only hugs will do for 
Thanks for the warm welcome back on stream y'all, we had an amazing time on DbD SWF and on the co-op of RE5 with 
This saturday (11/11) we'll continue our Twitch journey, starting with Dead by Daylight @ 4PM EST and @ 7PM EST we'll continue the playthrough of Resident Evil 5 with 
Pretty darn soon we’re back to our usual program: Hunting for some chickens with 
I'm back to screaming angrily at dragons! If you come hang out with me, I'll give you a sweet roll ;) 
Rest In Peace Lil Peep. 
Soooo much love for this 
Should 
Live with more 
I just want to thank all my friends who have stuck by my side this past year & half. My online family makes me feel so loved. In the past people would just come in and then leave my life shortly after. This past year has been a great change. So thank you 
Wow! Thank you for such a wonderful night! 5 new subs
RT and follow to be entered into the giveaway. Winner will be picked next Sunday.

Support has been unreal recently so thank you 
its the middle of the week & you have nothing to do, so then click that link &make new friends!
Drop in, hang out, hit that follow, chat, make a new friend! It’s easy! 
Remembrance Parade details in Wotton under Edge 12-11-2017 @StMarysWotton  and @WottonSilverBand 
NEW SCHEDULE : 2PM (MT) Everyday! 

(Going to try this out for a while to see how it works, if i'm unable to stream that day or if i'm going to stream earlier/later I will let you all know via tweet and discord) 


Forever your Minnie 
Just wanted to make sure everyone knows I'm going to be gone to Disney World for the next week and a half. Next stream will be Nov 21 
We made it! Day 11 streamathon 
 my TwitchCon vlog just went live. Please check it out 
Thank you so much for making this birthday an amazing one 
Stop in and show her some well deserved love!! 
Go hang out! Spread some love! Make some friends! 
. Catch Fifi’s vid on 
 remember this! 
 thank you all for 
Your continued support much love
Omg I’m so excited for you!!! You have worked your butt off lately and deserve every bit of it!! Congrats girl!! 
You’re my everything. 
It's our 
Well that was fast! Applications are now closed until the start of the new year! 

As always feel free to join our discord: 
Like if Active! 
Who wants a pair of grips?! 
Who's still up! 
Have a great day guys! 
Like if active! 
Order your grips today! 
Who's still up?! 
We are back and currently sponsoring! Follow & DM for a parternship! 
How's everyone doing?! 
Lovely 
Good night I hope you all enjoyed today's vlog 
THANK YOU ALL FOR 60,000 FOLLOWERS ON 
Literally haveny slept but here's another chill stream. Oh! And good morning 
Krissi has finished an advanced cutting course ! 

Keeping us fresh and keeping our clients up to date and on trend 
We are with you Mexico and all those in the path of hurricane Maria. Stay safe and be strong
 with the parentals 
Thank you to everyone who has served and has sacrificed for America. 
“How can you teach an open heart?” 
Enjoying my birthday presents 
In our latest podcast, we interview one of our fav people-Monique Coleman (
Welcome to the world, adorable baby orangutan! Newest addition to 
Yay!!! 500k Q&A-Giveaway this week. Send Q's on my IG post! $100 gift cards, etc. Thanks for supporting, fam. 
tb to when I met 
I appreciate you!! 
Please send the amazing 
 to this wonderful big brother in law of mine. A big thank you to all of the 
I think I am ready for a nap. 
Art is everywhere! 
My Ellie and Lucy! 
I am on a MISSION to help get as many wishes granted for kids through 
 would you mind sharing 
Great spending a little quality time yesterday for Jackson's first birthday - they grow up fast 
Great art supporting a great cause! 
L
Only a few spaces left please get in touch with 
Our effort and intent back up our commitment to this cause. Through tragedy we do our best to make a difference. ANDY ROBERTS 
The tenacity, dignity, and unbelievable inspiration that Johnny Peacock has demonstrated by his performance on 
Ah, I love this book 
We are now on twitter feel free to follow us to find out exciting new flavours .. can't beat a Robbie's ice cream!! 
This is one of the best ways to enjoy Venice RepostBy 
Little flashes of the gorgeous 
«A woman is like an actress: she's always onstage.»

Azzedine Alaïa rest in peace, column of fashion world. 
Squad. 
I have a little something to celebrate  and this is my treat! 
So looking forward to showing my film of 
Just a few of our favorite things. 
happy Wednesday 
Nap time for my Girls
thank you Liverpool 
Lots of love to all of the Inspirals family today and always xxx 
I love this song by 
We got a review in from Animate Sounds who covered our gig last night at 
Tomorrow night guys! Get yourselves down 
Go give our favourite boys 
That view of Supachalasai... 
Especially made for Nicky Jones 
Duke’s crew past and present with 1 degree of separation! The best people! 
Love this guy so much! It’s been hell of a ride! 
Friends please donate what you can to help provide the patients at 
The story of 2017. If you're struggling to get running/crack a goal, follow this guy. Awesome 
Last day in paradise with this cool kid. I feel refreshed and I'm ready to finish 2017 strong. Back to the grind. 
Happy 30th birthday to my sis 
Arrived safely in Hawaii with that guy 
Friends please join me in fundraising £500 for the amazing 
Lovely nurses from MHDU joining in with the celebrations spreading the research 
And they are off!!! Spreading the research love 
 - fantastic conference- loved every minute- fantastic group of people- it costs nothing to be kind
Perfect view from our amazing box.  
Our nurses from cardiology are pleased to have joined the 
Thanks for the memories, Northeast Ohio 
We will miss you, Glenda 
Boarding plane. British steward: "You do telly with that pottymouth chef!" French steward, "No, he writes for the Times" 
Wow, someone caught the 
COMPANY 
Great stuff Gordon! 
 the 3 families of swans along the 11 beautiful miles of Grand Western Canal Country Park are doing well. No longer “ugly”!
mille-feuille, simple but tasty. 
recent 
 - utterly flawless and fabulous at Usher Hall tonight. Pure class 
Our new single is premiering over at 
This may actually be my favourite thing on Twitter this week!! 
In a society that produces &encourages self doubt, 
Could we get the campaign over the half way line by the end of the day?! Come on everyone -share share share, tag people and ask them to share the link. No care leaver should be alone at Christmas. 
One week left. Come and say hello to our Snowpups 
We're recovering from a very busy but successful tasting event yesterday at 
We are celebrating our female rowers this week as part of our support for the 
We're so happy to be a part of the city wide contribution bringing smiles to children 
On behalf of Australia, so proud to announce: 'the survey saaaaaaays'..... YES !!  
Oh I had all the tears it was totally amazing! 
What a unbelievable morning welcoming such wonderful and inspirational visitors to help celebrate the end of 
I am stardust. 
Thank you Larry. 
So grateful for mine and my families good health 
So I'm watching The ACE Family on TV and the intro comes on so my sister hears the song & stops what she is doing just to watch 
They are truly everything. 
With extensive facial injury the thing keeping her entertained is the ace family 
Lincoln!!! 
Look what we spotted! So much 
Hoping Everyone is excited for tonight!!
Really good to see you 
Looking for a truly original Christmas gift for a book lover? Check out our Oodles of Doodles gallery!
Only 9 days left to bid for original framed art work from brilliant illustrators, like this delicious doodle from 
What a special week with 31 outstanding world changers from all over Aotearoa 
Eat It, Use It, Wear It? Then it came off the back of a lorry. 


JAY-Z's spontaneous conversation with a 9 year old girl:

"At this very moment America is way more sexist than they are racist, but you young lady, you got the potential to be the next president of the United States, you believe that."  
Today's Makeup 
My Sandy inspired MakeOver - the full tutorial is up on my channel this evening 
Great time at 
Power stance ladies. We're releasing a little Christmas number for you tomorrow 
Australia showing a troubled world what it is to be pragmatic and progressive. Simply doing the right thing 
Thank you, Liverpool! 
We are in 
Completely and absolutely IN LOVE 
We wouldn't miss the chance to try 
Falling asleep remembered day 4/100 songs. Will say Bruno Mars nothin on you. For his writings and fight to have his songs heard 
Who loves R&B? . . we do! Join us this Friday for 'I
It's a lifestyle . . pop some bottles with us this Weekend at Liverpool's N01 Luxury R&B Hot-Spot . . PURE! 
It's almost the Weekend . . Who's ready!? No 'pagne No gain! PURE xx 
WE MADE IT. It's still Monday. New playlist adds from 
Your continued support is much appreciated ! 
But I 
A pleasure to have 
what a lovely thank you from one of the clients we have supported 
Honored to have been asked by 
Happy Birthday Champ 
 this week. Delicious 
 Raspberry and White Choc Muffins. 
New for 2017. Try our delicious 
Yes my Mo bros & sistas! Please support their brave efforts 
Let's support and be kind to each other. We are all facing struggles that no one else may know 
It's LOVE ISLAND DAY 
Cali resting 
Last Night 
Congratulations Australia 
Good evening LA 
I love you 
Gorgeous to visit Strictly last night . Debbie’s legs are insane. Mollie is a beaut! And Alexandra is a MACHINE 
So much 
 you are soo soo incredible,such a very young woman but already successful,know that you're my inspiration and I look up to you,keep it up sthandwa,make SA proud more than we are 
Looking great, 
So I'll leave this here & go play with the winds of New York while feeling great in all my outfits that our SA designers sponsored me with
We are extremely proud of our very own 
She's our new pop-punk muse!  
Date night with my baby 
Late supper with my love 
Beautifully bronzed in 
Don't forget to like us on Facebook @ Fitness First Brixton, Tweet us @ FFBrixton and of course 
 last night looking amazing 
Late post ... 
Lotta love this morning. Thank you. 
I’ll speak to 
Late
United in solidarity with all those affected by the 
Thank you to everyone for your overwhelming donations and support 
Great memories of 
Love this from our friends at ProCook - any vegetarian alternatives our there to share from our followers? 
 Great stuff from our friends Crafter's Companion - Evesham Store 
Oh but the duck fat almonds at Village East in Bermondsey 
Peace sign - 
Girl Disrupted is an amazing album 
You're invited to join us for a real dog's dinner, 
Everyone at Mayhew has been decking our halls with festivities ready for our 
We’re thrilled to have 
 "quagmire" is doing fantastic. His big boy teeth are here and he loves cuddles. The most beautiful cat we have ever seen. Very happy and chatty. My best friend 
Little Lilo is such a sweet & special soul who loves dishing out gentle cheek rubs 
We want to say a massive Mayhew THANK YOU to the wonderful people at 
Despite everything she's been through, Ivy LOVES life & just needs someone to share it with
Seriously great event last night 
So proud of you and all the others taking part 
A sequel to Monsoon Wedding coming up in the form of a stage musical
Our Sub Junior Batch got lucky this month 
Any suggestions fr non toxic pest control? In Chennai 
Just finished an awesome session fr the incredible 
You are doin amazing people.we pakistani people support this good cause
For all the 
 unveils "I 
'If it makes you feel alive, if it illuminates your mind, if it lets you see the world in a different way, well then, imagination is as important a force as gravity' (To quote my character in 
Hot biscuits, warm apples & worship underscore 
I am so proud of you Eunice. It must have felt like a dream. Remember that you are so worth this. You will open many doors and be an example for many as you are for me. 
Happy 3rd birthday to our nephew George!! You have grown a lot since that day!!!! 
GO BRIAN!! So proud of my dude 
Watch what happens when this big brother spots his little sister after getting off the school bus. It's priceless 
Calm your soul with the magical voice of 
The perfect dress to twirl, eat, drink, and be merry! 
Take surveys, donate to charity for 
89% of Americans have done something to support a nonprofit this past year –– and many plan to donate for 
LOVE YOU HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
1 year ago today the true heart of Urdang was taken from us 
 Move It Auditions were amazing tonight! So much talent in 1 room! Very proud of you all! 
 is the most supportive college going, big love to you all 
Still can’t believe you were taken from us, let alone it being a year today. So honoured + blessed to have known you. Tonight’s show was for you Jo 
Tonight is a 
Thank you!! It was lovely to meet you 
Everyone needs to take this in 
Love is not about how many days, months, or years you have been together. Love is about how much you love each other everyday!!!
There is only one happiness in life to LOVE and be LOVED 
Some people are just born good.....

Wonderful memorial for our dearest 
Yay!  Happy Birthday to my stupid ugly little baby!  Hahahahaha!  
We want to thank Jess Bennett, Luke Smith, Bethany Elle, Nathan Deane, Jasmine Smith and Erik Bailey for the entertaining night. 

We look forward to the new account 
"A million and 1 things in the world are romantic...I don't need the dance of the 7 f$&king veils happening in my 
My beautiful wife fedexd' my tights to my hotel because she knew I didn't pack enough gear 


Everyone needs a 
I'm on the 
Breaking the 2-hour marathon. Crazy? Yes. So we’re doing it. 
Great way to help the victims of Hurricane Harvey from here in Florida!! 
So excited to accept the 
When you have scrap you just need a little 
Congratulations to my little boomer baby 
can't wait for signing day 
Sometimes, when you’re doing what you love- you can’t help but also TALK about what you love. What am I taking about right now? The same thing I was talking about then...
Very blessed. Thank you for all the support everyone
51 never leaves a man behind. Share the moment that stopped our hearts and fueled our feels. 
Save the date
Love is in the air 
Was an extremely enjoyable 2 years living at Club Chandler.
To everyone that signed the board and made all of our get-togethers possible, thank you. 
Wrestling family, if I’ve learned anything this year, it’s that we have to look out for each other, keep each other safe, and protect our brothers and sisters from harm 
Classic Accies, One guy who's come through the ranks and another whos been given a chance after being abandoned by others....a real football club 
wow tucson thank you for that energy. see you again in AZ in january 
IVE BEEN ON TOUR 136 DAYS. comes to an end tomorrow for 2017. WHAT A YEAR 
so proud of my wild babies from 
£4500 raised for my lil brother,glad i put the show on,thank u to the fans and wrestlers for helping him 
Needless to say Sam Allen is one of the best workers I had the privilege to work with
The Secret to my Strong Core 
HERE IT IS 
KILIMANJARO- The most humbling & heart warming experience of my life 
3900m High AND on the biggest emotional rollercoaster of my life! 
We love Manuka Fridays 
The one and ONLY First Lady of HF 
Blogging on my website 
Thank you for 1000 followers on both twitter and instagram! Much love 
We're all different, very real, very beautiful, hard working girls, and I think we should be credited on our matches, not our jeans sizes 
One of the biggest honors ever
Smashed it with 
Would love 
Pay it forward this holiday. 
Recently finished watching 
Make sure to catch MIRACLE ON 34th STREET at the Prytania! Sunday 11/26 @ 10am & Wednesday 11/29 @ 7:30pm 
Newsletters are here! Available at the theatre & other great local establishments
Love
Two years ago I was raped causing me to become depressed and suicidal. Now, because of His grace in 25 days I'll be graduating and addressing my graduating class as the commencement speaker. My story, "Tears and Triumph" is on the blog now (link in bio)
I can't "amen" this enough!! 
Things are right in the world when they create their own book club! 
Learning lessons from a book! 
Looking forward to my next read! 
On a PE field trip but the students are debating which forms of energy are demonstrated the most! 
A week late on 
Loving the new addition! It was a hit! 
Day 5! Our list is growing! 
Day 4: jotting down our thinking as we read in pencil version of 
Thanks! 
The calm before the storm....
Doug Fisher: Opening Remark 
“Modeling is the key to everything we do...but the HARDEST thing to do is to step the heck back!” 
Hillsborough Reading Coach of the Year and Reading Teacher of the Year 
As a teacher you have to be committed to learning for a lifetime...~Robert John Meehan 
Failures are feedback. 
The BEST custodial staff in the district!! Thank you for all you do! We 
 this 
Cross divisional support R
Love that 
“All good writing is multigenre”  
This Christmas, learn how Charles Dickens created the famous lines from “A Christmas Carol.” 
We loved our time at Summerfield  iMOM Breakfast this morning! 
The heart 
Please take a second to retweet and spread the word 
My heart aches for you. I can’t ever imagine having to endure so much pain. May God give you the strength and peace you need in this moment 
always so happy to support you 
can't wait for what's to come 
 Going for 13.1 PR but focusing on time is making me nervous. Tips on stressing less? 
Top10 Reasons reported for Uptake of a Sport in Youth
 
This study demonstrates that we should never interpret HRV in isolation to assess the training status 
The best Seconds Out pic I’ve seen... our wee buddy Alex is a proper fighter. He’s only 5 and has a brain tumour called DIPG. Check out Action for Alex on Facebook for more info & ways to help his treatment 
1 week ago
...got a little backup. 
New food voucher with updated times and outlets for the homeless in BOLTON! PLEASE RETWEET. SPREAD AWARENESS! 
Huge thank you to whoever bought some boots off of our wish list,’they immediately went out today, if anyone wants to buy something and it be sent directly to us, here is our wish list  
Today the homeless aid UK team fed 8 Homeless friends at Mashes wing ranch in Bolton. 
The most chilled guy I ever met. Rip beg tex 
Massive honour to be called up for the 
Proud of my boys 
It's time brother 
It’s now 5 months of me and my most amazing girlfriend 
I love my club 
A day bigger than football.. the result was such a shame but our mother would’ve been so proud of her 2 boys on the pitch together today 
Come on sis 
Very proud of this hard working chick 
Hi Gary 
Good luck bro
Merci to everybody who was there for me during my recovery, merci to all the fans, this one’s for you! 
Yes bro 
Tough game today. Recover and we go again next week... Thanks Jack Army, for the support as always! 
Delighted to have signed a long term contract 
Happy birthday brudda 
Bday wk been hardcore 2 videos 2 shows powers 
Lest we forget!
Happy birthday to my boy 
Listen to King Promise - Selfish (Prod by Killbeatz) by 
Tap 
A beautiful bundle of Staff Welfare Resources! Enjoy! 
FREE KS2 Move Taster Pack! A great way of discovering what move has to offer! 
We have some gorgeous Winter Mindfulness Colouring Sheets! 
*Twinkl Imagine* Have you visited our amazing Christmas Cross-Curricular Teaching Ideas and Resources?
What a lovely video! 
's Grand Designs.
Happy to score my first goal for 
My bro 
What a day for a few of the younger members of our club....although adults enjoyed it too 
Another excellent defensive display with East Fife holding league leaders Forfar Farmington to a 0-0 draw! 
Brilliant 2-0 win for Scotland Olympiad team in the final against Italy. Amazing to see six East Fife players involved in the squad. 
Can anyone with a heart retweet this boy we are helping fight stage 4 rare cancer 
Want to reach out to someone who's having a tough time but don't know what to say? Don't worry. Just listening is a powerful kind act. Here's a little shareable to help you let someone know you support them. 
Dear World: Times Square. London. Cape Town. Yesterday was just the beginning! Your kind messages started as a stream and turned into a river. Now, we turn that river into a sea. I am so proud and so excited for what’s next. 
Dear World: Will you stand with me as we fill the world with thousands of kind messages on 
Kindness is an expression of hope in the present for a more compassionate world in the future. Together, we've got this. 
Happy birthday my love 
Happy birthday to the king 
Design is in the detail 
Vogue baby! 
Thank youu 
Rodney Bewes. Our dear Bob Ferris. Sleep tight, kidda. 
Favourite 
This time last week 
We love that 
A young Sheffield Wednesday fan sees Hillsborough for the very first time. This is what football is all about... 
What a day!! 
HAPPY CANADA DAY to my Canadian best friend! 
 love youuu!  Wooop can't wait 
Super proud of this girl! 
Thank you to all at 
 So excited I got to order these two shadows!!!! My cats are rescues so im excited im helpung out the animals! 
good times tonight. Thank you 
Awwww I love this THANK YOU 
Happy world kindness day
I CANT WAIT FOR THE 300th EPISODE OF GREYS ANATOMY TOMORROW 
Take us back to sunnier days filled with the most delicious range of coconut macaroons from 
Spread more love. Make someone laugh, make someone smile, be good to each other, help someone out. It feels good
A big big thanks to 
One of the hardest yet most rewarding tasks I’ve ever undertaken... Judging the 2017 
Potential trustees, meeting organisations looking for trustees. Ahhh 
Please vote if you can! 
 launches global health campaign to address 
@teamClippedMX 
We've gone red for 
For the love of St Christopher's 
 glad you get to see this for your children 
Independence Day - 18 April 1980
Freedom Day - 21 November 2017


Not all hero’s wear camouflage
  Yasunao Tone, glitch pioneer, Fluxus co-founder: here's his 'Solo for Wounded CD' 
By the way 
Are you going to @Vevolution_festival this Sat? We can't wait!
Are you going to 
COMING SOON! Radiant new recipe video appearing via our fabulous friends 
this was actually another iconic moment. Seeing the robot on prime time TV & not just on soulTrain. That was a first. 
I’m so gutted for you my big bro i love you sooo much ! i wish you a very quick recovery in sha Allah 
Here's a quick split test between El Mocambo Overdrive and a couple of our favorite drives. Headphones advised 
SUPER excited to be 
EUROPE! All tickets are on sale NOW! Let us know if you've got your tickets already 
 best way to end a school day
Merry Carnival 
Not the way you want ur season to end. What a tremendous job by 
Still my fav internet rant. I would 
GOOD NEWS, 
Gd day shortlisting 
Had a really great time last night with 
It's going to be a busy week. Our order has just been delivered 
Match made in heaven 
We are delighted to welcome new member 
Check out today's guest blog from the magnificent 
Two FABULOUS Wedding Events THIS Sunday! 12pm - 4pm 
We are delighted to welcome new member The Wedding Shop  
Today we shine our spotlight on the super talented 
We are delighted to welcome new member Whimsical Bride 
Check out today's guest blog from the wonderful 
We had the pleasure of staying at 
Eliza Jane Howell Designer Weekend at 
Check out today's blog from 
Check out today's guest blog from the deliciously delightful 
See you in May Brighton 
Think i just pee’d a little... very excited for new 
Incredible tracks from 
Such a beautiful video for a beautiful song 
I couldn't be happier to be helping 
I ain’t Wendy Williams figure that shit out on your own girlfriend. 
Busy day 
Almost the weekend! Almost time for hairshark 
Hairshark by the sea, that's where you'll find me! The perfect beach look 
Choose volume, choose hairshark! Coming soon
In love a little bit with the wonderful creation that is 
Thanks for being a 
Be unstoppable with hairshark 
That’s a wrap! The last 
baseck 2084 trash can percussion just released for 
 Night Dreamer by 
And last, but CERTAINLY not least, we finish off our 
Happy Thursday I
Thanks for your donations 
BAYOU CLASSIC
My little Belle 
This is love 
With Jim Kent of 
This weather geek is so much in love with this Instagram filter 
Anthony Attalla at 
Matador at 
Grateful 2 get 2 play live music on stage w/ my band. 
Wetherspoons app is revolutionary 
playing new music next couple weeks :

Nov 18 - Bangkok - Beam Festival

Nov 24 - Seoul - Cakeshop 

Dec 9 - New Orleans - One Eyed Jack's w/ Power Trip 


put new music I made with 
All My Love. Out now! 
Everyone that came tonight more blessings in life love 
i have the greatest friends in the world. thank u 
Played one of the craziest shows of my career in Hong Kong last night, very surreal. See you guys soon 
THIS GIRL GIVES ME PURE JOY 
My teammates never cease to amaze me. So proud of  
So proud of these amazing women! Way to wear the turquoise with pride!! 
It's been a while baby. I'm rah sorry for letting you down 
naomismalls is the hottest queen ever. Hands down. Case closed.

Who's locked in to 
Don't y'all change on me!
Let's all die together 
Scorpio Groove 
Best Birthday Wishes to 
That’s my boy 
 Friday Nights 
Check out our new YouTube channel, keep you updated with all our visuals and BTS!!! 
Ooohh i love this!!!! I'll Remember This by 
It's been a wild ride
This adventure you and I
Somehow you still 
  We asked this little 4 year old superstar to do a jingle for 
Good morning have a bless and productive day 
  Earth day blessings to this legend who turned 60 yesterday 
 EXPERIENCE & Love , Peace and Reggae 2018 
I have THE BEST DAD 
CHECK IT OUT 
Looking GREAT Lioness 
Massive buzz tonight - proper enjoyed the show, hope you guys did too! I'll see you next week, same time, same place! 
Honoured to be invited to the BBC for a guest DJ mix Saturday Night! Look out for my new single premier 'All Night' feat 
Queens United was everything and more. Thank u to all the girls to 
Thanking God for the progression 
blessings 
Thank you!!
Yes Love it!!
No it's not we are back on 8th to our original date!!
You can be by Friend for life :)) !!
WAVEY OUT NOW 
Buy 
Song projected on a oonchi building 
What a way to celebrate music 
We always end up combining glamour and fun 
Love you SoneSones you always throw the best parties 
Looking forward to experiencing 
Grateful for the love ! 
Standing with you. I applaud you
Invaderz was banging last night !!! First tour date done!!! a.m.cturno 
Just get me to Pipes next Saturday with my gals 
We can all celebrate Transgender Awareness Week
I am not me.. I am you 
This tweet is for you.. Yes ‘You’
And It Is 6 Million & Counting !
Magical What,When You Both Dazzle Us & Clinch Our Hearts Away
 tony bhai ur 2 songs in todays nbt newspaper 
Nehu ma'm, sonu di and tony bhai 
PRESSURE PRESSURE PRESSURE | Out Thursday on D-Stortion 
to the 
Congratulations to our friends at Twizoo! It has been a pleasure to partner with them from the day I joined Twitter - thanks 
Huge thanks to everyone that came out to 
Bless!!! One for the books 
This is how we mediate before Thanksgiving! With 
Thank you and goodbye to the brilliant team at Coda, it has been a great 4 years with you. Special thanks to Dave Blackgrove for the last few years of top notch reprezentation and BIG shout out to man like Tom Dodd for all his power moves before that 
You get me@veronicabeard 
QUEEN DAYYYYY 
B L E S S I N G . 
We're backkkk 
TFW you get home from work and your package from 
London is just such an amazing city. Just driving through it now on the way home thinking: yeah, it’s intimidating as hell...but the mix of old and new, the people, the diversity, the vibe...it’s literally the greatest city in the world. 


Don't make me beeegggggg 
You guys were the anthem to our high school years... thank you for making such beautiful music 
This pretty much makes 
sorry it took so long 
#2 on trending babyyyyy
Love you too 
Happy 30th birthday Frank. Please keep the music coming. 
OYES BABY 2 million streams 
I love u 
Some Monday love for u 
Hi guys have u checked out 
Women's Circle 
I'll be supporting one of my heroes 
The official music video for my track "True Love" with 
U rule 
RIP to Corey Waller. A former Jackrabbit, Viking, Washington Husky, but most importantly a local legend who touched and inspired a vast amount of lives within our city. Click the link in our bio and help the family however you can! 
Having seen 
Catch me on 
D-3 to become an inspiring storyteller ! Your mission : reveal untold stories & touch our 
 THANK YOU! 
So proud of you Kanya and what you have achieved. You've done so by breaking down barriers, through resilient & determination all done with charm & hard work. Here's to another successful Awards 
A packed house for 
Available for hire for brief winter wonderland visits on the standard packages which do not include snap posts or a ‘today was nice
Enjoy life NOW. This is NOT a rehearsal. 
Was honoured to be on the lineup last night alongside 
Babesssss this is all kinda autumn flames 
Leaving Ontario. 
Congrats on your 1000
So much to do in South Shields with kids. Caught 
Too many people chase a lifestyle to fulfill their insecurities instead of their passions. Be you...you are enough. 
One amazing way to start my morning.  Running and rereading 
Proud of you, Jess! 
YESSSS!!! It’s about time Australia, well done! 
55th wedding anniversary of my grandparents 
Icymi. The boys who hadn’t seen their soldier dad for 4 months get a fantastic surprise in Santa’s grotto 
 loving the start of crisp, stunning, Winter mornings. 
Burritos and a fab red tonight 
Miles of golden sand at 
Hayle Sands is stunning 
20 BONUS TOKENS IN TODAY'S CHRONICLE! 
If Frank can't find a home for his new friend, we'll take him! ADORABLE! 
Not that I’d forgotten, but the last few days have reminded me how precious friends are. Don’t know what I’d do without them 
Huge congrats to all students who have their places confirmed today! We can't wait for you to join the 
Latest commission for 
First time I've ever ordered from 
Kilkenny -  this one's for you! 
Fab chance to win some NOTE goodies for you and a friend over with  
Dublin ladies.. it's not too late to get tickets for our  masterclass with the gorgeous 
We can't wait for this fab masterclass with the gorgeous 
A successful masterclass 
Thank you sooo much 
True Friends are never apart , maybe in distance but never in heart 
Massive THANK YOU to 
 courtesy of 
First look using the new Toasted Palette from Tarte and I love It! 
Loving red atm 
Nothing makes me happier than a video of 
Thursday nights are for Riverdale
Merci 
Amazing audience for our hometown show this weekend 
Woohoo 
Thanks doll 
Never Forgotten, RIP Hero
Rihanna is on it too. Queens are uniting together!! 
Seriously such an amazing weekend with so many wonderful people!!! 
I Know You by Low Island is our 
Nothing like coming home from our 
Thanks so much to everyone who helped make last night a smashing success! 
Playin a solo set tonight at 
Comfort foods are best served around the holidays! 
wow ty my ciggies 
 thanks!
Finally our blog post is up! A little insight to the lady behind the brand 
Such a fun night celebrating the 
Thanks for being so kind to our "Habits", guys 
Yaaasss!! So so happy that we're gonna have 
It's been such a pleasure sharing our Habits with you guys 
Aaaahhh!! Tomorrow, "Play" is on 
Huge thank you to everyone who came to see us 
THANK U SO MUCH 
Over a MILLION 
Tonight’s show in Liverpool with 
Thank you Ann in Edinburgh for donating several cosy blankets. This one is our 
Mistakes is out now!!!
Thank you SO much for all the love you been sending my way about it 
i've been listening 2 
I would like to thank all those who supported me and my team (especially the Detroit city fans)and tried to give us the chance we earned to win regionals and go for states. No matter what the result was me and the team are really appreciative of your support
 Thank u for all ur support. We had an amazing season n we couldn’t of done it without u. Looking forward to next season 
 Thank you so coach, I still love you even though you keep nutmegging me 
my fans 
Thank you to all that donated. 
I will be fundraising for 
Home is where the 
Vincenzo Joseph was born at 1:09 am 
We are in  
Thank you brother 
Appreciate 

Mom, Best Fren, Twinning
Father-daughter relationships are very important throughout a girl's life — here's proof 
Horrible to see what has happened in 
Friends are like Gold...if you L
Dear Friends, Today is officially Day Zero for Too Old To Die Young..! 
NEW! Watch me unbox and review my favourite monthly mystery box! August 
I saw him...
SURGERY was a success
Two more procedures remaining and its a wrap
Thank Y
Digital Humanitarian ready for SURGERY
Once again from me & 
My daughter man!!!! Showering me with kisses all night. 
Helloooooo, I can’t wait to be with you 
It's Time To Gain!!! 

Like 
Ayyye thanks for the support! 
Come get it! 
Happy Birthday Mom! Your unconditional love has made me who I am today. You are my rock. My 
So thrilled to be sharing this wonderful story for 
Happy Birthday, Mum. I love you 
 ARE U READY?!!! I’m warming up  
 
Thanks 
Palm trees and that aerodynamic breeze! 

Hit the 
THANK U!!! 
Thanks to everyone who submitted your fan art for the "chosen family" contest! Proud to announce the winner, Kelly from Knoxville, TN! Her "You Are Loved" design is now featured on a tee that benefits 
Here it is, thank you so much to everyone that helps out, or takes the time to check out our page. 
Felt a special connection to this wonderful book because the Bush twins are just as different as the Leissa twins, but still love each other deeply. How lucky are we to have our wombmates? 
Congrats 
Space, air and emotions in this song and visualisation. 
People and dogs present for the 
Beautiful season, Lady Lion's!  Thanks for playing with heart every game!
so sad to hear of the passing of david cassidy...  he was always so kind to me - such a pleasure to have had him on my show...  sending love and prayers to his family...  R.I.P. friend 
thank YOU, kathleen!  sending love to your family 
thanks, rachel...  i do it for YOU 
My heart 
Thank you my friend. We love you so much 
As is mine! 
I 
The season of giving is a perfect time to support 
 Every day with this partner of mine, is a better day for it. Love you, G! Great shots. 
Another successful Friendsgiving by 
-ing this little number from 
Had a most enjoyable lunch 
Prince William is carrying on Princess Diana's legacy in such a beautiful way 
The two models have been walking the 
Harvey and Irma, Married 75 Years, Marvel at the Storms Bearing Their Names
Honoring trans patients, advocates, clinicians & staff on this 
Thou shall honor the wearer of the 
I do love it out here in Nica
1 in 5 people in 
Everyone please spend time with your loved ones because time matters 
Hi all this would mean so much to my mum,my dad,my brother&i you donate to 
5th graders 
Adding the 
Ps wondering, exploring, learning and asking questions abt the 
Happy Monday motivation 
Devastating  to lose another to this horrible disease. We can all learn something from Gord-he wanted to make the world better and he did
 these before & after photos of 
A huge “Thank You” to the MJ Staff for all of your hard work! We 
Ss helped create Retelling Rope- they 
Challenge 1 of 5 for today 
Way to start Thanksgiving break. Book Bandits and their families go to see Wonder. 
Figured since we read the book together, I thought it would be awesome to see the movie together! What a great way to start our Thanksgiving break! 
FANTASTIC movie!!! 
Thankful for her! 
Blessed to be part of all the love at 
Happy Birthday Pops!
Which Henderson would you rather have playing in the centre of midfield?

RT - John

Sometimes I think I wanna change the world... and I forget it just starts with changing me. 
Huge congrats to 
Had a great time at 
We just took Clementine to see the 
LA Sunday morning 
Playing hooky & 
HONOURED to announce I am the new face of 
“everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. be kind, always” 
Thank you for an incredible day & Thank You for your service 
You get it !!!!!
Thank you everyone for the wonderful birthday wishes!! Yesterday was also the four-year anniversary of us adding our sweet hound, Junip, to our family; so much to celebrate! 
 Vice Lipstick in Disturbed is perfect for Fall 
Introducing the Monster Maker where you can make your very own furry friend! 
So excited about this collection!! Thanks UD 
So much to do in South Shields with kids. Caught 
I LOVE 
LITTLE GEMS! Thank you soooo much for voting for me over these last few weeks! You are everything 
As ambassadors for 
That was UNBELIEVABLE! Seeing you singing the words back to me on 
posted some swatches of my favourite nude liquid lipsticks by 
 Eyeshadow L
I LOVE MY TEAM 
Nothing but enormous respect & admiration for this incredible team 
This is such a great move! I really dislike this & polls of its kind, no matter that I’ve done ok in it & it’s helped my career undoubtedly. The reasons for stopping it are also really great. Big up RA! 
onelove to 
Thank you guys thank you!!
I gave funds to my mova from ma last flip 
Thank you guys truly. Love you so much. 
This has become a thing!! I’m obsessed with all of your versions!! Send me more!! Pweeeesseeee!!! 
Happy Valentine's Day! Our special 
Viva Jamie !! You are a class fighter that dared to take on the best !! You fought with Heart 
Me too 
Can we talk about the incredible 
Here we go with #2 and boy, she’s a fighter! She’s gonna do it!
So inspiring to see Kim do what she can for the community. 
Love to 
Thank you to all of the veterans and their families. You guys are so brave, true heroes
Going on a lil Twitter spree, screenshot your online votes & call votes for 
I hope U had a good time last night!! Thanx my friend!! We appreciate that!!
Pasta you fuck up my stomach but I love you and I will never stop eating you 
I am humbled by the feedback on ‘Know Better’ can’t wait to show you guys the rest 
I’m live on 
We're celebrating 11 years of bringing good music to good people this Feb 16th at 
Thx for the love 
NEW YORK! PULL UP 
"East x West" with 
and it goes on 
Are you a student who 
Thanks to all who pitched in & thanks to 
Thanks for your caring & generosity
Final tally 2282 turkeys, 9K lbs. food & $5K collected Thanks 
thanks Spotify for adding me to all these dope playlists 
shoutouts to mass appeal thank you for having me 
So exited 
Thank you for the amazing opportunity, 
These are the moments that put everything in perspective. 
((((( one love 
That's 
See the difference your toy donation can make in the lives of children who visit the 
Oh! This is so delightful! Please see it. It’ll make you laugh, cry and wish you were small again, all at once. Fantastic cast and beautiful set! 
Today I will start my morning by doing 6 hours of care with constant pain.   PLEASE start yours having a run or maybe even having a lie in. Whatever it is I would swap within a sec 
Everyone at Punjab United Gravesend would like to wish club groundsman Steve Cook a massive Happy Birthday! 
MATCH HIGHLIGHT: 

FULL TIME:
7-1 win against 
 23 years - It's Time To Bring Out The JAMS 
How is your 
...and here they are!

Stay strong Houston! 
We may not have won the 
Josiah the Rockstar. Roarke the Smooth Kid & Austin the Comedian! You made me & 
It was the best moment of any show I've ever been involved in. Thank you for the hometown love 
A weekend in the NW filled with waves and rainy weather 
We have gained another Angel. 
40th 
We, the Overwatch Competitive Community, come together today and honor our dear friend with a friendly fundraiser tournament for his family.
Show your support too:

Join us 
BEYOND EXCITED! Front row VIP 4 me & 
Maui? Nope. Silverton, Oregon. Its 177ft high an you can walk behind it. I
Thanks to everybody that stod by my side for the last months.Thanks to my  family,coach,teammates,Mino,DarioFort,Dahan,DrFu,DrVolker,Manutd and the most important my fanz.This was not a one man work without all of you I would not be playing fotball today Thank you and I 
12 years ago today, Eddie Guerrero sadly passed away. 

Miss you Eddie
ASH LONDON LOVES
Love from Seattle 
singers/bands/creative people  need space from social media to get creative :) we are writing new music for the world to hear 
Forever 
This was the most wonderful, wonderful year and I miss it every darned day. I recommend it to absolutely everyone I know 
Looking forward to welcoming Euros Childs 
 Hey Anna, Super happy with my card of Millie. Arrived today so fast 
Parker Woods lenses Madeline Zanone on the West Coast 
Thanks everyone for the messages. It's been such a hard decision to make leaving a club that I love and everyone at it. Looking forward to getting stuck in the rest of the season and show everyone how much the club and Glasgow means to me! 
 15 years from now... 
Get yourself down to 
To celebrate the launch of 
LOOK who is back in town Monday... LOTUS BISCOFF 
Had a great time hosting tonight's off flavour and old vs cold tasting. 
Short story, cold stored beer 
OMG!!!!! Now THAT'S how you do music and fireworks! Happy New Year from London. Hope your 2016 is amazing 
Thank you all for being part of an unforgettable 
Gosh… Just watched tonight’s heartbreaking 
We can’t wait for this! Come join us and many others get our game on, win some prizes and raise some money for 
YAY! I get more Wonder Woman tonight at Justice League 
Go Australia! 
Post-dance class drinks with the 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY, 
Thank u 
On average, 12 UK men a day commit suicide. These 12 men want to stop that. Proud my twin brother James is one of them.
What a lovely message about our Christmas 
A million thank yous, 
I missed this at the time: Carrie Fisher's urn was a huge, antique Prozac pill. Even in death, she made depression light-hearted, even laughable. 
The awesome 
a nice reminder 
*heavy breathing* Hit that 
The MISTER MIRACLE #5 FOC (Final Order Cutoff) for retailers is this Monday (11/20). Make sure you let your retailer know you want in. I think this issue is gonna be “a thing.”

Date night!

 
Grateful for over 400 followers on P-Scope! 
As Seen In the Los Angeles Times

 Thanks Steve Valentine 
Be solution oriented! 
Yo Puppycrew! I teamed up with 
Always babes. Your sets in Sydney last year changed my life and I can’t wait to see you in 2018 
LoooooOOKK AT THIS BOY
Melbourne, Australia...
Thank you for sharing today with us 
So proud of you and all the others taking part 
Darlings, Charlotte will be LIVE on 
Thank you so much 
also I'm very serious when I say I am very keen to be bffs with ALL OF YOU 
school libraries in October 
That is appropriate as men collect the trash, a difficult job not many want but which society needs. Thanks men 
Love you guys! Thank you for making our first show in Spain/Catalonia so wonderful! 
So many memories, so many friends, so many shows. Warped will never die
"When I'm feeling good, Doc, I want to be next to you."

It's so good to see you, Eddie. 
Super proud and honoured to be able to have the opportunity to play the sport I love for the country I love. Thank you to everyone who has pushed me and gotten me to where I am today as a person and a player. Russia, here we come! 
Happy birthday D1
Keep voting 
Thank u all 4 the BDAY wishes. I thank god for another year. I promise 2 make every second count, be the best I can be & continue 2 grow
Ok gals who wants to shred for us on moaning Lisa smile at ally pally? Send us ur vids with rhythm n the solo to wolfaliceband@gmail.com 
 cheers to new traditions. Thanks to all our teams who came out to the tree-lighting ceremony.
what a lovely Sunday fall afternoon in Madison, WI featuring my tendy partner 
Gran doesn’t quite get the internet, but she’s an absolute sweetheart 
Paul just donated this sweet ride to 
See you soon
Happy bday 
So thankful for this opportunity 
Tickets on sale now for June tour! 
Link in bio 
Reppin' Tassie today for 
8 million streams on 
I'll remember this forever 
Feeling So Good is out now! 
THANK YOU 
LAST CHANCE 
DJ MAG TOP 100 
Thank you Edinburgh Playhouse . Loved it 
I pray that you find life in His ways... 
Acts of kindness everywhere this week at South Rowan! 
Congrats Coop!! Such a special couple! 
Fly high Jesse. I’ve never met a kid so sweet. I’ll miss you big guy. Go play ball with the angels for me.
Please consider sharing this and donating because each dollar counts in this difficult time for this family
Happy Birthday Zach!!! Glad we've gotten closer over the last few months love you buddy
Thanks Sam ily
 National Player of the Week. Much deserved and super proud 
Love and miss you I'll see you tomorrow 
Hahahaha hate/love ya thanks Brayden 
Thanks Kam you're the best!!
Thanks Elle!! Wouldn't want to be weird with anyone else!! Love ya cheetah
  happy birthday my man! Can't wait to make some more memories this season
Happy birthday Beny I
happy birthday 
Thanks beny miss and love you brother 
  thanks for being my rock these past few years and thanks for spending your night being a nerd with me :)
Happy birthday to the most beautiful and gorgeous girl in the world
thank you for everything and spending the day w me
thanks homie, and thank you for all the fun times and memories. definitely more to come
thanks homie, i can’t believe how much fun and how far we’ve come. all the crazy stuff we do either on a boat, rollercoaster, or in the cabin. can’t wait for break when we can chill more man! miss n love you henny
my dude
 thanks 
proud of you love 
So blessed and excited to say that I have committed to play volleyball at Texas Women's University!!
happy birthday to my favorite person ever!!! love you Matt hope it’s the bestttt
So proud of you Justine!!!!! You make us proud 
my heart is broken right now, but im so happy to have made it this far with all of these amazing girls, I love you all forever 
I am so proud of u!!!!!!!!
Unread books, cozy outfits, Google, and Flannery O'Connor 
Congratulations!!
Thank You! Couldn't do it without my teammates and my coaches 
IM SO PROUD OF YOU 
So proud of you 
So proud !!!!!
 This! TY! This helps immensely!
Excited to announce that ive verbally committed to continue my volleyball career at Long Beach City College!!Go Vikings!
Thank you Ashley!! Love you 
Rest up amari we love you
I couldn’t be more proud and excited. Come support this beautiful human. 
The only coal we want in our stockings is charcoal! Time to detox with these great products! Shop 
GIVEAWAY! 
Thou shalt shop at 
UNDER $25! Give a lot of pretty and save a lot of jingle when you shop 
Hair Heaven 
Lindy West continues to be one of my #1 fave voices in our current cultural conversation. I love her brain. 
My lovely friend 
Six years ago I created a show called 
For 10 DAYS ONLY, we've relaunched our "JUST BE" TEE, all profits from which benefit 
Land of Lola - 
 is 2 hours and 20 minutes of fabulous fun! 
Favorite song in KINKY BOOTS? Go! 
Your best accessory is your CONFIDENCE! 
How will you 
Appreciate UofH showing love 
So excited to soon have this incredible 
So happy for 
The Vaudevillians is an absolute JOY, pure filthy fun from start to finish, bravura 
Wow, Eater Nashville! Thanks for all the 
So happy to be among such other great restaurants in Tennessean's article. We 
The Midwest has alot of 
Thank you Sydney Lynn, you're the best!  I love too
Goodbyes are never easy when it comes to you Sydney Lynn. I love you too 
My Family Is Amazing 
Nothing is more important than family 
 seeing him so happy!
Proud of these seniors man... the amount of time they’ve invested in this team is crazy. Left a legacy that’ll never be forgotten. Love y’all boys       
My convo with 
Im so proud of Robert 
Just got interview by the gorgeous 
Having fun with these inspirational actors! 
And that would be the amazing 
If you were interested in reading my interview with 
Greatest Student Section in WPIAL.. Love Y'all 
Thankful for the people in my life 
Playing new music from 
So extra that I painted my man on the back of my jacket so everyone knows I'm his girl
Thank you to all my sweet friends for the birthday wishes, let's get hammered xox 
@sunRAEsshine thank you babes 
Happy birthday to my flyer and the sweetest funniest girl ever 
Thank you for your support 
Wow final night 
Such a fan of 
For every retweet on this post, 
Spread more love. Make someone laugh, make someone smile, be good to each other, help someone out. It feels good
Yay!!! 500k Q&A-Giveaway this week. Send Q's on my IG post! $100 gift cards, etc. Thanks for supporting, fam. 
tb to when I met 
I appreciate you!! 
I'm alive 
 this 
 is following my dogs Instagram and my heart has nerve been so happy 
YAS STRAYA! So proud of my fellow aussies! 
AUSTRALIA today is the last day to vote YES for Marriage Equality. please do your part and let us get hitched like the rest of ya 
You guys are the best! Thank you again for a great event and all your generous support! Much 
Catering Order for Total Bank for the trade show at Watsco Center earlier this week 
We’re proud to host three weekends of High School Football Championships with 
Whit, yeeeeesssssssss 
Come on down 
Shout out to our guy Hector. 
I love 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone! Especially a special thanks to Rileys Children Hospital! For always keeping the heart of kids warm
HOODRICH VOL 3 OUT NOW ON ALL DOWNLOADABLE STREAMING SITES!!!

THANKYOU TO EVERYONE INVOLVED, WORDS CANT XPRESS 
We are BACK at 
This goes to show how much we need/want zero waste alternatives. So stoked for this! Please check it out and consider pitching in. 
FRIENDS!! This is incredible!! We've cracked $20,000 in less than 17hours!! So we're challenging ourselves to a new goal: Help us raise 100% in 24 hours - $25,000 by 8PM tonight 
Last minute shopping at 
Being a small Canadian business we especially love showing our pride 
Poetry inspired by 
When we have each other, we have everything. 
Thanks to RMHC Manitoba's volunteer, Marlene, this family came Home to some warm, freshly baked cookies after visiting their baby at the hospital. 
Your purchase can make a difference to RMHC families. Visit a 
TY MB Prairie Quilters Association for creating and donating Canada 150 quilts for 
My older 2 kiddos LOVED their afternoon at the house when they came to visit us while we stayed! Wonderful place 
Our Ronald McDonald House and Family Room play areas are perfect for family fun time on a Friday afternoon! 
Thank you for being there Ginger..Love my 
This man has impacted so many lives including mine. Bless you 
Our thoughts are with our neighbors in Sutherland Springs 
Proud to be working together
‘I rather speak upon old Maurice Cheeks steals’ 
Dj Talib Kweli rocking those High & Mighty joints 
Love you guys
Good Luck tonight 
Seriously, nothing better than tea from 
Xmas cup 
If you love something, geek out deep and hard! For 
Fan memorial downtown. Thank you. 
I GOT VIP TO SEE YOU GUYS 
Also our 
If not for state universities like 
Fucking Awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
here what's available in my merch store I kno u guys would look GOOD in it 
I'm so proud of 
So much 
Killin' it for the kids 
I don't have 280 characters yet but I'm feeling emotional rn 

MOOD Forever 
TK Kravitz is my new fav
Was a great couple of weeks with 
Don’t have expectations for your love life..the best love I’ve had came from the unexpected.
Hey y’all, Memoir hit 50,000 plays today. That’s so dang cool. Thank you for listening 
Thanks for all the kind words so far. Next time we release music, it's gonna be a lot more than 3 songs. Much love 
Very stoked to hang with my loves in 
Damn... 
Have a good weekend 
Sorry for the wait everyone, we promise things are coming VERY soon
What a powerful weekend at the womensmarch convention. 
RECLAIMING OUR TIME! 
Come celebrate music with me and some of my favorite artists and friends next month! This will be a good one.
If i don’t make it to the next tour because of cardiac arrest, you can thank 
Tonight was wild. Thank you 
Give us a spin!

Time Slips Behind Us is my favorite record this year and this show was way fun, thank you for having us out 
Thanks for the 
 you were amazing tonight!! 
All you doubters and people that have spoken wrongly about me, just want to let you know...... I APPRECIATE YOU. 
What a summer I have had with my family 
Loved seeing my FAVS the other night 
whatever happened tonight on stage with 
And y’all still weird. 
Happy Monday £7980 raised so far 
Thanks for including "Parachutes" in your Local Discover playlist, 
  Bought my hat at a 10k race this year.  Matches my 
College football 
Swing by 
One of the deepest cuts off our album Identity. Track 6 featuring Dexter Gilmore - "I Can't Sleep At Night"
Buy it, stream it, feel it 
All we need is more love.  I'm here for anyone out there.  Hope this helps 
I LOVE this time of the year…. 12 days of GRiZMAS is back!!! In the spirit of love and giving, lets all come together and spread the good vibes. 100% of proceeds going to 
LAY IT ON ME. 
Track 2 - Whole Heart 
Beautiful faces as far as the eye can see! Thank you to 
Ready bruva! 
Sweeeeet game at thegarden. Loving my 
Don't forget it's okay to cry 
With all my support girl.
I am so sorry. So Fucking unfair. 
in amazing company here, so much love 
Go see my sis OK!!! 
So are you 
'I' - an album that I have been working on for years to get right! An album that will show you even more of both my music, and myself. 
Crybaby is out now! Really hope you love it 
Good morning! 
Celebrate the Lebanese independence day with 
Aside from the fact that the person who wrote this article has obviously never visited 
Mexico 
Our full lineup has arrived, so we've put together a little playlist to let you fall in love with the next batch of 
The full version of Yazoo's 2017 "Only You" as heard in the 
Thank You 
 5 years without Austin 
I love special surprises for people who totally deserve them. Can’t wait for this 
Looking forward to playing 
Help out one of our amazing partners today! 
Wake up to struggle 
Practice loving all things including difficulties they are there to make u stronger  
Answer: Boldt Castle. 
WEEKEND WATCH: This Saturday sees Michael Mayer return to RM1 alongside Red Axes and Terry Francis 
Fresh tunes are the only weapons we should have at gigs 
Popa Chubby Two Dogs World Tour! 
Brand new premier of Nitin’s remix of David Scuba & Dance Spirit. Such a dope remix. Please share! 
Brap! Big up ya self Amy 
This is what happens when we work together & we listen. Amazing work by 
Dublin 
Couldn't have asked for a better summer. Thank you to 
What a feeling it is to play your own music to people 
Incredibly proud and excited to be able to share this.

Lone - DJ Kicks. 

September 29. 

Preorder: 
Love working with you guys! 
Thanks Annie! 
Loved playing w/
Dedication to all my patient advocates dear friends w/ the 
 YOU HONESTLY JUST MADE MY NIGHT 
And I'm waiting for all of'em 
YAY! 
Get ready for this one! 
 I ABSOLUTELY LOVE WALK AWAY THANK YOU GUYS FOR SUCH A LOVELY TRACK
BMD takes over Stockholm. And Friends, never doubt your heart! 
We’re thankful for YOU, Goldnerds! Thanks for being a part of our family! 
For the record...

We love Geoff and his baby heart! 
IT'S OUT & IT'S ALL YOURS NOW. 

I hope you love it.


This little lamb cried for help so much that she almost lost her voice — but someone heard her and came to the rescue 
 man you deserve better place in 
Happy birthday my beautiful wife! 
Love playing my sax in my set! 
Just saw The Florida Project - actual masterpiece. So, so beautiful 
Tonight, five past midnight on 
Thank you so much for having me 
Fun Lovin (
Celebrating 4 amazing years with my better half today!! I love you more than anything 
My new remix for 
 you can now remix "Extraordinary" on 
 check out our new single “Another Round” ft. 
One of my favorite tracks right now 
Hey I love you guys 
 just hit 4.5 avg rating on 
Music Maker JAM + 
About last night in Amsterdam... Thank you 
Sometimes overlooked is the courage it takes to pursue a career in music. Much 
Toronto w/ 
Feeling very blessed 
Bitterness keeps you from flying, always stay humble & kind
Weapon hit 1M views 
We got kicked out right after this. 

Thanks 
Still buzzin from my show last night... I want to thank all of you for an amazing summertour!! 

Love, Dyna
What a night it was...
Naked Naked 
Amazing night again guys 
Back in the Usa 
We can't imagine a world without 
Loving the 
Roll call: RT if your team is heading to a 
Happy Valentine 
Loving this bold black and red monogram! Shop our gorgeous canvas fringe clutches and design your own
Hi everyone please donate and retweet this link for my nephew 
Get ready for ADE by watching this movie about the do's & dont's when you go clubbing in Amsterdam. Celebrate Safe
Just reached 55,000 on instagram! Thank you guys!! 
I love you guys too 
Thanks to everyone who donated to the 
We can't get enough of this new one by 
On a 20 min walk near my office, I just saw:

* 4 friends I haven’t seen in a year
* 
OPEN till 4pm today for lovely coffee & bakes Stoneybatter & Portobello 
Your seat 
YES - AUSTRALIA!! 
Any got the time? Thank you 
thankful to break bread once again w/ my work family tomorrow.  i can't find enough words to say how amazing these ppl are! 
/RT to congratulate the Class of 2017 on their big day! 
We’ve add loads more 
Hello 

HOLD ME IN YOUR ARMS 
 
✾  

OMG ~ HAVE YOU READ THIS!
LOVE THE MAGIC OF CHRISTMAS

✾ 
Aw, shucks! We’re blushing 
Us toooooo
Happy birthday gorgeous girl 
Where has this Arsenal been all year 
Tim Burgess has won twitter for the day 
We're thrilled that 
YESSS! I'm finally going to see 
See you there 
‘Alice’ update. All tickets are now sold out. We are really excited!! Looking forward to rehearsals on Sunday 
Don't forget you need to enter your details again, for the chance to win 
Bryan Adams - Everything I Do 
Bryan Adams - (Everything I Do) I Do It For You 
Check your emails to see if you've been shortlisted for my Christmas Gig at 
Sinn Fein Ard Fheis was an amazing night as we remember my Granda, was a very emotional night as 
Massive vibes from 
Yesssssss, gonna be HUGE 
I was looking for happiness and then I discover EDM
Happy birthday!
You've got me luv dancin'... 
Abbey Green filled with brilliant indies & looking absolutely gorgeous in autumnal colours for today's 
A big thanks to 
  I 
So glad we could bring people together in the wake of this tragedy and help the victims. Thank you to Hakkasan Group and everyone who made this night possible - I'm honored to have been a part of it. Together we raised over $1 million 
Nothing better than making music with friends 
Australia 
Luv u 
huge luv to 
big news...MERCH PRESALE GOES LIVE TOMORROW 10am PST! Limited run, get it before it’s gone 
Friends, the 3rd and final live session from this series is up. Shoulders is about my big bro who's been the dude I've always followed and look'd up to most 
 this. Love ALL vegetables. 
Off of her upcoming Parallels EP, 
Backstage antics with our fabulous leading ladies 
Our pals recently released new tunes, go listen to them pls - 
Congratulations Australia 
to u as well
Looking for some fantastic food ideas in North Mayo ?? Watch this 
Thank you for vibing with me 
I'm so happy they connect to you and happy we were able to speak
All love 
Three years ago today 
Oh my GAD 
Y'all were too fun 
...had me singing in a higher key and everything lol Thank you guys for sharing your beautiful energy with me 
Never tire of this view 
Had an incredible time today at Chateauguay Valley Regional High School in Montreal. 
Some of today's highlights from 
 Thank you so much for inviting us to celebrate our 
Now THIS is how to start a Wednesday 
I'm on 
We just reached 10,000 followers! We are so grateful to be part of this community. Thank you 
 to shop? The 
Thank you all for listening this semester dear listeners. We really do appreciate your support 
I would love if anyone who has enjoyed 
Friday lunches just the best in Kyles Cafe 
Our deepest condolences to the families and friends of the students whose lives have been so tragically lost in Berkeley today. RIP 
Just watch this! Scroll to 1:08:14....  just do it!! I defy you not to be SO PROUD of MICHAEL HAYES 
Fancying doing a Christmas Q&A potentially as part of Blogmas. Please leave me some questions and RT! Thanks guys! 
If you only watch one YouTube video today make it this one. A Whitney classic. 
If every town in the land had a Willie Meighan the world would be a far better place.  Three cheers and huge love for 
Who doesn't 
Our kitchen is closed today due to bad weather. Apologies for any inconvenience caused. The bar will remain open until further notice. Stay safe! 
Our amazing team are donating all tips tonight in aid of Mexico, which will be doubled by the House! Every little helps 
This was pure pleasure 
Huge love to 
 to say a belated thank you to everyone who came to see 
Thank you for Wednesday. I cannot wait to share what is next with 
 is known for its summer beauty but fall is no exception. We 
Whatta fuckin night 
Head over to our Facebook page to vote for your favourite Red Dress: 
My amazing faculty advisor brought us some goodies from 
Oooh...
Tonight!! Finally...they’re here. Can’t wait. For anyone who’s read my book, there’s more than a few Depeche Mode influences but there’s at least 80% of Dave Gahan’s DNA in Gabriel 
Sad to be leaving this warm city 
Welcome to the Quarter 
Gorgeous 
Marfa 
Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday to you, Happy Birthday dear 
Start with me.....! 
Spread the word 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday messages on Saturday. Appreciate it 
Katie Price reveals her  horse was killed in car accident 
New music "God's Gift" available to stream on Spotify

The 
Too cute this morning in the field 
Traveling across London, 
Tour with 
We're sorry not to see you tonight Nottingham! Much love to 
Thank you so much for playing us tonight on 
Yo. It's 
Thank you for tuning in Cove! 
John Peel would be loving this 
Was so lovely to meet you the other day 
Aw yeaaah! 
I've honestly never been so excited for an album before, and I know 
Well done to our u19 girls on their huge win over St. Finbarrs today in the semi final. Fulltime score Cornafean 9-27 St. finbarrs 4-14. Great stuff girls. They now play belturbet in the final. Date and Time to be confirmed. 
Our U19s play their semifinal tomorrow, Sunday at 1pm against St.Finbars on the 4g in Kilnaleck. Please support the girls 
***DATE FOR THE DIARIES ***

Keep the 5th of January 2018 Free for the Cornafean Ladies Dinner Dance. More details to follow about the event so keep an eye out on the Facebook and Twitter pages. 
Anyone who hasn’t voted yet please do 
Everyone please get behind Siobhán and keep voting 
Please everyone keep voting for Amy click on the link and vote 
Everyone please vote for Amy 
Everyone get voting for Siobhan King 
Fulltime in the Ulster Minor Club Championship Qfinal 
Lough Oughter 12-16 
Ballymagugian 3-4 
Well done to the girls on a strong comprehensive win and now look forward to an Ulster semi final 
We are excited to announce the winner of our giveaway some time ago:

Next time you fly 
••••••
At Smith's, our team is our family. We'll be closing at 4 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day so that our Smith's family can spend time with their own families and loved ones. We wish a very happy holiday and a delicious meal to all of our shoppers! 
 for good friends... 
 When she ran out of gas on the side of the road, this homeless man told her to stay in her car to be safe, then spent his last $20 on a gas can full of gas for her. Now she's paying it forward: 
'Even to his own ears he sounded sorry for himself. But his daughter, good for her, was not thinking about him or his feelings' 
'When my mother remembers my birthday with soft eyes, then, it is not just my birthday but hers as well' 
So proud of you and all the success you have gained! You deserve all of it and more!! Keep killing it 32 
Couldn't have asked for a better senior season from my brothers ! Never played on a team like this and it's an experience I won't  forget 
It doesn’t stop here... 

Love you man 
How much do you 
come out to liberty tonight 
Wait til you meet PaPa Hardy 
Great plan! 
happy birthday to the brotha!! 
Happy birthday to my favorite person! Ilysm I
happy bday buddy ly man
 happy birthday to a brotha 
 happy birthday cokeeeee
We killed Paris 
This account turns 2 years old today. I just want to thank anyone who’s ever liked a post of mine. To entertain in this somewhat *unorthodox* way has been an absolute blessing. Extra noggin pats on me today 
Aw thank you Sam!! 
Denver Colorado Thank You 
Austin TX Thank You 
It's so quiet on campus today! Missing our students this week 
Happy birthday beauties 
Perfect gift 
Excited 
Woohoo this is kind of good news that amps a Monday to 11. Can't keep a good 
 - Obiora Maludum, M.D., Cardiology Fellow 
Obiora Maludum, M.D., Cardiology Fellow 
Can't believe 
 Please let our foodmakers affected by these terrible fires know that we will be here to help them get back on their feet. 
You know someone is a New Yorker when the elevator is stopping on every floor and they make the "what is this, the local?" joke 
Love Oakland? Put Your Money Where Your Heart Is! Shop, Stroll and Indulge on Plaid Friday Weekend (Nov. 24-26). Over 200 Oakland merchants and artisans are offering specials, extended hours, holiday festivities, and more! 
Our NEW ALBUM 1982 is OUT TODAY 
Tonight I get to witness my 
This is how we mediate before Thanksgiving! With 
we rescued this poor 8 week old husky who turned out to have parvovirus. he's such a sweet heart and deserves so much better. any donations be greatly appreciated 
It breaks our hearts that our upcoming tour in Europe and the U.K. has been cancelled, but mental health should always be a priority. We stand behind 
Thanks for being the best band. I love 
Ramona 
That first goal was for you bud 
Wishing a happy birthday to our girl 
 notice me cause I love you 
Pacific Medical now until 1:30pm 
Retweet if you 
And the winner is: BikeBridge! 
The most lovable thing about 
That feeling when your school is a true community. 
My daughter is my world, my greatest achievement 
A pizza of my 
I’m not a doctor but if we all tweet 
Course tear down was a family affair as the WHOLE clan stayed late on Sunday night. 
Breakfast for lunch and 
 is less than one month away! We've got accessories to help spread the love! 
We are taking online orders for 
You beautiful, sweet thang... Thank You 
Thanksgiving Florals & Feathers ... DIY Decor 
It’s the weekend time for 
Dad been shot 13 times, mom & grandma lost their life in the same week.. but god blessed me with a daughter
 you are joy, elegance, and grace personified!!! Congratulations on your engagement!!!! You will be the most stunning bride that ever graced planet Earth!!!! You are so loved my fashion icon
 an African proverb says: «Wherever we love each other, it is never night".I wish U to always know the warmth of daylight
 This makes me so happy you deserve all the happiness in the world I'm so glad you found the perfect man! I wish you the best for this next chapter in the future, If he's able to make you happy then that's all what matters 
This is sure to be a top night... get yourselves over to Swindon for 
This experience will live with me forever,i want to say a huge thankyou to every single person who has been behind us and got us this far!
From Refugee camp to the cover of 
Thank you for the RT 
Watch this beautiful feature by 
Standing room only at our Big Tent Organizing panel. 
This week, we give thanks for you - our incredible supporters both on and offstage. Whether you donate $1 or $35,000, you are our heroes. 
 bossbabe.inc (get_repost)
・・・

Just 2 girls hugging it out 
Thanks, Heidi! 
Bake cookies and play games (Catan) with Bell and I! 
Many refugees have a special place in their 
 is released tomorrow & I’d really recommend watching it if you care about animals & trophy hunting 
So lovely to come back from a meeting and have breakfast from my sister waiting for me 
Being on the 
This is the best thing ever, am in love reading this 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!! The most amazing early birthday surprise... I have THE best husband for organising & friends for making this weekend happen 
The ultimate throw back Thursday to one of my favourite photo's from our wedding 
Our honeymoon has come to an end but our next chapter as Mr & Mrs Rowe has just begun...

With memories to last a lifetime 
ONE OF THE BEST EXPERIENCES OF OUR LIVES

Thank you 
What a fantastic Wednesday evening & thursday.
I feel so privileged that myself and 
Are y’all following 
When are we going to 
Wishing my sister 
Up the Trev. Best dad in the world 
Still the best day of my life 
Anyone can build a house but only love can build a home. 
We LOVE supporting local 
1st peak completed for my cousin 
“All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.” -Walt Disney 
Please vote 4 
We’re loving our Italian tour! 
Walking thru the streets of milano 
 continues to win awards and top spots on international rankings: 
Happy Red Nose Day. 
Capture and share straight from the 
We are all Tilly. 
Oh, and... “Masculinity is a cage!” 
Wow, someone caught the 
Lest We Forget. 
We Will Remember Them.

Thank YOU - as a Dr (& having experienced stillbirth myself this year) I think it’s so important to help mums minimise risk 
Wowzie! What a piece 
BLOODY RIGHT, SIMON. 
Thanks so much Tim! 
Thank you so much to the lovely audience last night and the fact that people keep coming back to see it and bringing their friends. I cant tell you how much that warms my heart. 
Voting for the next 
Incredible - the price of new offshore wind power has HALVED in just 2 years! Emma Thompson seems... quite pleased 
Proud of my friend Dr. 
Missed you 
Spread a little love this morning 
You don't need a day for mothers you need a lifetime and even that is not enough! Mum
This Sunday: Cribbage Scrimmage! All Day Breakfast co-host Eric is hosting this fun cribbage tournament on Sunday from 12-5pm at 
Women you are part of 
Live auction raised nearly $30,000 for 
Ross from friends > every other guy 
That’s how you close 10 years of 
I call this look "1,000 Bees in a Bear Costume" I 
Here's my interview that just went live with The Angle & 
look at that lovely mini stack, even has a miniature euro pallet and strings.. 
She’s officially Katz’d!! The most perfect weekend 
It’s hereeeee! 
Dubai by night 
Date night in Dubai with 
Look what just arrived for my dressing room yoga sessions!! 
Happy 5th wedding anniversary to the most amazing husband a girl could ever wish for 
Yesterday’s dinner was created by the famous 
Breaking the 2-hour marathon. Crazy? Yes. So we’re doing it. 
take me back to paris please!! very fond memories with 
Waiting for your love to happen, its like waiting for a drug that never kicks in  
FEVER RAAAAAY
So awful about Las Vegas. My thoughts & heart are with everyone there, with all the victims & their families 
An amazing night with 
Kanye’s ‘I feel like that’ reminds me to not be cynical or distrust pure emotional outpour. Life affirming song. 
Here’s to this hero Jack. 

Mount Kimbie being amazing - Their new album is out next Friday. 
 to see children's 
Great curation of musical family 
Trans people face discrimination, negative press, hatred, violence & worse everyday. Too many have died just for being themselves. This must stop.

So before we speak about, write about or judge anyone, please stop & remember to ALWAYS BE KIND 
Now, more than ever, we must remember to... ALWAYS BE KIND 
What an amazingly heartfelt night at the 
Wheelchair wheel covers by 
Name one thing you are thrilled about today? 
We all feel lost from time to time. Read this. 
Don't put your dreams off until tomorrow. Read this. 
Visualize. 
Dem boys 
Thank you to everyone who has offered knitted bonding squares for our Neonatal Unit. We’ll let you know if we need more in future but for now we have plenty. We’ve had so many offers our cupboards will be overflowing! We're overwhelmed by your kindness. Thank you. 
Thank you to everyone who has offered knitted bonding squares for our Neonatal Unit. We’ve had so many offers our cupboards will be overflowing! We’ll let you know if we need more in future but for now we have plenty. We're overwhelmed by your kindness. Thank you. 
Our CBeebies presenters have sent their hugs for Hospital Heroes and we'll be sharing more stars soon!

Lovely young man in his driveway in Ballyfermot saw my 
I know, I know ANOTHER video bit it really WAS such an amazing day 
We're excited to share that our first four 
Thanks to everyone who was involved in making The Lodgers who made it to the Irish premiere last night in 
 takes time and everyone heals at his or her own pace 
Retrospect is #43 in the 'United Kingdom Viral 50' chart on Spotify! Thanks for giving the new single so much love 
We've got a lot to say now that 
8years ago today..
X
 Feeling the 
 Absolutely hilarious... 
All I need for a good time is encapsulated in this photo. I 
Our hearts are heavy and we are thinking of all of those affected by the fires in NorCal. To donate: 
So Emotional but amazing Memories 
Bonfire Night 
RIP David Cassidy and Rodney Brewes. Both present in my growing up. Sad to think they have gone 
Embrace your part of the journey and the process
 your piece on 
Thankful to be a part of 
Technology 
Why 
You'll be able to buy a piece of the old LOVE Park at this year's Christmas Village 
What a cracker of a day for Niki and Kyle's wedding 
What a wonderfully morning styling 
Thank you to Tony Schwartz 
Delicious 
Dublin ladies.. it's not too late to get tickets for our  masterclass with the gorgeous 
To prepare & cleanse the 
Oh what views, travelling from Kandy to Ella by train 
I feel like we pukelled the pop out of that show!! 
Thank You Switzerland!! See you again soon!!!
LANDED IN NYC 
Subject to planning and licensing decision making but if all successful - mid January! The Bard 
I've ordered you this..... 
Pre-dinner shenanigans 
I LOVED this outfit!!! 
Always. 
Absolute craziness...Still on cloud 9. Thank you so much to everyone for the support. Biggest love from the bottom of my heart 
Happy to hear I won Breakthrough Act of the Year 
A BIG thank you for helping me get to 60% of my 
After an fabulous two learning days in London . Now back to work supporting people with dementia and their families, what a privilege role I have every day is a learning day 
A big thank you to the 
Mis you Alan 
 spectators used the 
One Of My Biggest Highs This Year! Thank You 
Love this podcast. If you like books, you will too 
This made me smile this morning! Thank you 
Curly twins 
So as it’s my first music video I would love a lot of my fans to be part of it, so give me a message if you would love to be involved 
Phil Thompson - my worship 
You little wizard 
'Sue' mystery is solved after farmer's romantic message goes viral 
YOUNG QUEENS
Last night at the Children with Cancer ball was great
Everyone 
Endless possibilities! 
Jus on our way 2 evening service wiv Darling wife 
 
I love these 2
That's wat u call class, been out 8months & put everything he's learnt in2 action , well dun son, whole family  proud of u & love u 
Yay! It arrived! Now I can listen on vinyl while I edit. Thanks for the beautiful music 
Looking forward to celebrating her tonight! 
Yes!! Well done all! We made it to Friday. Market day is oh so close. We've got it all going on. Superb produce that'll keep you fit and well and put a smile on your face. See you in the morning. 
Happy Founder’s day to the gentlemen of 
Today we honor those who have sacrificed so much to serve our country. We extend a heartfelt thank you to you + your families! 
What a thoughtful tweet. Thank you 
That was SO much fun. Thank you for the note! 
You’re welcome! 
There’s only one. Happy Birthday to the best nat_waxro aka Natalie. 
Thank you guys for coming!!! See you again for BBBS olympics tomorrow 
YESTERDAY WAS AMAZING!

We love calling 
And... 
Playing with my hero, Steve Cropper, today! Getting ready for CARES in 
This band... 
I love these people!!!! 
 my almost 3 year old little girl is OBSESSED with your crane in 
Thank a farmer today! Take a pic showing why you choose SA farmers & tag 
Biggest congrats to the babe 
No Words Just A Whole Lotta 
5 years ago she was shot for campaigning for girls education. Today she joined Oxford University! Bravo dear Malala! 
WE CAN START A NEW WORLD!

WITH LOVE AT THE CENTER 

IT'S TIME


We’re having a birthday party and you’re all invited 
Good luck to Zoey tomorrow night in 
Thanks so much to the guys at 
Universal equality 
4 years on. Love ya mate 
Still have goosebumps 
Newswatch 16 loves the SCRANTON SANTA PARADE!!! 
Happy birthday Tommy 
Congrats on a great career 
Thoughts are with those families/friends who lost love ones today at Dreamworld
It's World Kindness Day! Help spread the peace of mind Edgar the Umbrella Bear offers with 1Password - pass it on! 
Mentor grad and author, Kristen Otte inspires out students to be authors. 
We're sure it will be a fabulous day 
Thank you so much! I believe there are great men out there! 
Howard University Homecoming though... sheeeeeeesh 
i’m so beyond blessed and excited to announce that I have verbally committed to continue my academic and soccer career at SNU!!!
74 percent of TTUHSC’s funding comes from our donors. We celebrate Philanthropy Awareness Week & everyone who makes a difference
Since the beginning of The Campaign for YLOP, over $6.5 million has been donated to student scholarship and financial aid. This keeps our tuition affordable and makes higher education a reality for our students. Each of our students is impacted by philanthropy
Big things happening next week
If you’re in nyc and you’d like to see my film 
Happy bday to a champ 
All set up at 
I love you guys. 
Another awesome performance... so proud of and happy for him 
A lot of people talk ish but 
Thanks so much for the birthday kindness, friends and artists. I’m stunned and beyond grateful every day that my work is interesting to enough folks that I get to explore it. 
How sweet of you . I feel awesome to be in this group . You already know . It’s nothing but love and deep admiration 4you my android sis  
new instagram! @thandieparker 
to the men in my life who have loved me, respected me, taught me, allowed me to grow shamelessly + been excellent demonstrations of balancing play with responsibility 
You're in our hearts, Paris 
One of my favorite days:
Random Acts of Kindness Day where we leave individual notes for each student. 
 this! 
Today: the amazing Saffanna translating Jane McKie’s beautiful poetry at an 
"I learnt to write letters, draw and play" - Rabab from 
Chili, you’re a hero dog. 
Go, Valentine!!! 
Tomorrow we’re celebrating our 11th year as the presenting sponsor of the 
This is Izzy. We 
Thanksgiving feast #5!  I 
Good morning family! Thanks to all who tuned last night 
We're looking for a Course Tutor for our Employability Course. Click here to apply: 
Me and my beautiful puppy 
best sleep since you left us for the next stage Michelle. We all went to the zoo in my dreams 
A good Christmas Dinner/day can be the difference to a whole life if you are from a a traumatic childhood. Please give 
This will be a beautiful and lovely event today for parents and children with disabilities 
Our new family member 
Thoroughly enjoying watching my son and his best mate try and get their ball back 
I present to you the title track and full release of my EP ‘Complexion’. An absolute mission getting this out, huge love to 
So last night was a bit mental... Thank you so much to everyone who came out to support. This moment in particular was something I’ll never forget. I can’t thank everyone enough. 
WOW 
Thank you for coming Georgia!! 
rehearsing for Friday at 
Whether you're fat, tall, slim, disabled - you should be allowed to love your own body. It's the only one you have.
We r giving away 3 whole smoked 
Mum and son at Steps concert 19 years apart! 
>70,000 are in need of shelter and aid after the 
MA UK 
Thank you guys for taking part in our 
Meet Rafnaz, a child who’s been sponsored by 
Brand new music for you.. 
Lazy sundays, but we got new releases from 
New music everyday... Friday 17th Nov updates are now live 
can't fucking believe i'm in the newest issue of 
Please RT:
One simple idea: Giving new pyjamas to children and young people who are homeless or in need this Christmas 
We now have all of our Collection Points for 2017 
It's a Brighton Italian love-in 
i  
Brand new updates - 15th NOV.. new music on the list from:


The Daily - I 
Wonderful film!
 thanks for the mince pie 
Anybody who has a love for sheffield ought to read this . Brilliant article. Bursting with passion about the music scene here 
Fangirling over 
 album 'Consistency of Error' has been voted for in the 2017 awards!
Vote here & show them some 
If you 
Its been a bit of a phenomenon & its still growing! Be a part of the 
Sat NOV 11 TH 
PRESSURE PRESSURE PRESSURE | Out Thursday on D-Stortion 
The best tribute anyone could do for Craig Gill, is to carry on his good work 
I  
 Julie & Dave •••

 Julie & Dave 
Some brand new bangers for your listening pleasure
A tribute to Apex 
And i get to go back again on 29/12 for 
Check out I 
Today marks the day that we won our licence back. It’s also a perfect reminder to thank everyone who made this possible and for all the kind messages today that we’ve received. You've made us feel loved 
Special night redroomvancity last night 
THROW BACK TO LAST YEARS 
So excited to have you on Saturday!! 
I love you, Ashley Godby 
LOVE this 
See you tonight at Macarena Club for the New World Disorder party!


After a week of rest, I feel lucky with the next releases and the artists who have collaborated on them. More info coming soon! 
WOW! Completely excited! 
CAOS is already #4 Top 
It's the Guelph Fall Night Market tonight! Support local artists, makers, and creators of all kinds 
Want to play at Kazoo! Fest 2018?! We're accepting music submissions until Dec 1st 
Honorary graduate Sir Terry Wogan will always be in our hearts on 
Care about each other’s mental health
A true angel 
 thank you for being the amazing human that you are 
tha dude 
saturday + techno = 
Friends, how do you treat burnout? How do you handle repeated situations where SME recommendations/concerns are ignored/dismissed? Pls RT 
New music from JLEON! Big ups to 
A massive thank you to 
We’ve heard so many of you say that Shambhala has changed your life. Well now is the time to let us know. How has Shambhala changed your life?! 
A few Farmily favourite AMPhitheatre Stage moments 
Really wish 
yaaassssss Baby Luv on C list 
 You can never be too young to encrypt and care about 
Honored to be part of the grand opening of the new 
Sending my love to NYC and those affected by yesterday's senseless tragedy 
Due to the state emergency in Pensacola Florida I regretfully can't make it to Pass The Good Festival :( pls stay safe out there peeps 
Always have so much love for these two, thanks for the 
Ready to find out who’ll be hosting our stages this summer?
Tomorrow is the day we’ll announce our 2017 hosting partners! Stay tuned 
All those amazing souls united at our Main Stage 
Had an amazing night tonight at 
Oh btw- Just to clarify, Good Enough is not on Synthesis. I played that in honor of The Open Door's 11th birthday today! 
Loved that!Thank you to those who came and gave your time (and phones!) to listen to an entire album together-so rare! 
 Thank you Lzzy!
I am so proud of this. It feels so good to finally just listen to what's been in my head, in the works, in a dream... It's all new again! 
Came back to Chicago last night to play the Allstate Arena with 
So much dope music in NY tonight. Kill it boys 
I’m on the new emancipator album. 
Thank you Australia and New Zealand for showing us so much love! So sad we have to leave but we’ll be back 
 Happy 15th Anniversary 
I have the urge to reply to every tweet today with ..."Who cares, 
We hope you felt the love this weekend because WE 
Dear Friends, Today is officially Day Zero for Too Old To Die Young..! 
They always hit me in the heart. 
So thankful EGPAF brought these wonderful women into my life 
Australia has a lot of great songbirds but there's nothing like a pied currawong 
Alternative radio is finally back in NYC! 
Thank you for standing in the cold in Buffalo so I could have lyrics in your handwriting. No words could explain how happy I am. Thanks for being my biggest inspiration. 
See you next Saturday philly at everybody hits
 it’s the 
Happy Birthday to my beautiful, intelligent daughter, Amira! Love you!
Happy Birthday to the Captain of my heart!! Love you Daddy!! 
What a great new monument 
So tour is quickly approaching. Please click on our link below to donate and help us with our Spring Tour 2018 to Malta. We are a non-profit company so all money raised will go towards our tour. Thank you massively in advance. Love from 2018 3Fallers
Thank you Corpus Christi! We have raised $1222 for the United Way 
Remember to Paint the Town Red tomorrow. Paid civvies for $2 in support of the United Way 
Our students have so many work skills that benefit our school and community!
A lovely and respectful Remembrance Day assembly
people can shop in many places, but only one place gathers so many beautiful minds together 
That's it from us folks for 
As our performers take their final bows we just wanted to say a huge congrats to everyone who took part in what has been a fab 
Thanks to our ‘Paint the Town Red’ helpers 
Volunteering at parkrun is always fun and friendly. We would 
It's beginning to look a lot like.......
CPE Bach ~ for David 
This is out in cinemas today! Love to the fam 
This is probably silly, but could someone help me find a way of pitching an article to The Guardian, please? It’s about male nurturance 
Check out the new podcast fearing 
[Happy Birthday Björk! One of a kind. 
10 years with this one 
You are a gem, Maria - and one insanely talented, woman! Such an honour to shoot with you. Let’s do it again! 
Day Hospice is a Home from Home 
Darren Chilcott returned to 
Today’s meet up was INCREDIBLE! I’m so truly moved by everyone I
Happy record release day, 
Thanks Glasgow!!   
So many experiences and work I’ve done this year that I’m extremely thankful for. I wish I could have you all at my table tomorrow 
Had a great time yesterday at 
Love  this lil lady so much 
Negativity is draining....be happy. Think of all the things that make you happy. Stop being bored! Do something! Live each day like its your last 
Thank you. 
 @ HaHa Comedy Club 
Great pic from great twins 
Friendly Friday reminder, just in case you need it 
Lovin you from afar 
Last night was lovely
This is the artist who designed the poster! She’s amazing
 announced my pre-order campaign and the launch of my music video today! I
Love this moment captured by 
Once it's post 1am I almost exclusively listen to 
1 of 2 Thanks for all of the kind words about 
.@DoriHigginsr repurposed one of our boxes to give this little guy a home! Adorable 
Thank you!!! 
Beautiful night at the NATD Honors Gala! It's amazing having so much love of country music & Nashville all in one spot for the evening 
OMAHA
Love my Valentine 
That dress 
Debut single 'INSANE' now available worldwide on 
THIS WEEK, MISSISSIPPI!!! I'm coming for ya!! Can't wait to see y'all! 
Giving thanks and celebrating with our VOCAL-NY family! Happy Thanksgiving to all! 
 the mayhem!!! Missing SOA!!
Loving the new color
I. Loved. Every. Fucking. Minute. 


That time Australia said YES to 
You can't visit 
L I V E  A T  L E E D S: 
What a night! Always a pleasure playing at Tallaght Person of the Year 
THIS FRIDAY - WHELANS - SUPPORTING THE CADES 
Last night....
Gimme da.....
Aaaaaall riiiiiight! 
It's LOVE ISLAND DAY 
Thanks for all the Precession love over at 
The celebrity dating agency is opening its doors once more with the warm welcome of 
A great piece by 
2 Champs enjoying there day off in the field 
Living on the edge with my Mommie 
Had the best time with you guys! Thanks again for an awesome visit & a super fun shoot! 
Helena Hauff + my TVs.. Dream come true 
Good time 
We're on Day 2 of Hearts 
RED is the trend colour of 
  winners getting award from the 
You're invited to join us for a real dog's dinner, 
Everyone at Mayhew has been decking our halls with festivities ready for our 
We’re thrilled to have 
 "quagmire" is doing fantastic. His big boy teeth are here and he loves cuddles. The most beautiful cat we have ever seen. Very happy and chatty. My best friend 
Little Lilo is such a sweet & special soul who loves dishing out gentle cheek rubs 
We want to say a massive Mayhew THANK YOU to the wonderful people at 
Despite everything she's been through, Ivy LOVES life & just needs someone to share it with
Our debut album proper: Colón Man out now on DDS 
Each week 
This one right here is my everything....my dawg! 
My beauty 
Thank you Australia for including our LGBTQ+ community. Love and acceptance will always conquer 
Libratone ZIPP was shortlisted as 'Best Wireless Speaker' by EE Pocket-lint Gadget Awards! If u 
This baby squirrel freaked out during the eclipse, so this guy took her in and made her a “jungle” inside his closet 
Had a wonderful evening at the 
OMG I don't even know where to start MISSY
Buzzers with the kids twinning in our 
Sweet 
Bring on winter! We love spending time around the fire with our nearest and dearest 
I already love it 
Nothing but LOVE 
4 years that I’ve been lucky enough to hear you sing to me every single day. If I had a choice, I’d hear my favourite song sung by you every single time. Happy anniversary 
What a brilliant weekend! 
We have TEN tickets left - whoop! Head to 
Jeff knows that home is where the 
Brrr....
What will heat you up on a frosty Winter's day in 
6 people gave blood and it saved my life 

I will be forever grateful 
Just Want To Say Thank You To All My Fans For Making This Happen 
Quick selfie with 
El loco with L Pet - mutual vibes 
SO many glorious people involved in 
An amazing run comes to an end, but we can’t thank 
Let’s give a little love to Mexico 
I-F is the real deal. Always has been. The best! Thanks 
 and handsoftheheron beautiful set at the wardrobe 
Celebration of one thing does not equal the denouncement of another. I wish people would get this. It's tiring having to repeatedly explain. For example, "I love my hair" does not mean I hate yours...Expressing ourselves exactly as we wish is where true freedom lies...
The Looney OPs 
(Team effort with 
Kickoff Season 7 in the know. Another Overwatch Hero Meta Report from 
Happy coming out day! Everyone should be able to
A huge thank you to Mr Denscombe who came into school yesterday. He did an outstanding presentation to our year 10 GCSE PE students on the importance of looking after your 
 are taking over the Humana Festival at 
THIS AMAZING THING IS HAPPENING AND WE R SO STOKED 
I am speechless. Oh baby. That was on another level. 

Thanks 
 you literally brighten my world with your voice. 
HRF components - strength/flexibility/endurance - choose your workouts - 1 for each area 
Aww this was so sweet! 
Had such a lovely time last night with these guys 
Yesss! One of my favourites of 2017 gets a re-release next month. If you haven't seen it yet, you absolutely must! And if you've already seen it, go watch it again... 
Just a fab city 
Today we remember our Veterans with respect, honor & gratitude. 
Very Excited for next Monday :-) free to pop along 
Hilarious things is...I’m sure it’s making me look YOUNGER?!! Don’t understand haha! Hope you’re well Arun 
Woohoo! Thanks guys. See you on 18 Jan 
Now live in 
Best drumsticks - drums - cymbals in the world! 

So happy to be working with the best! 


Well, this is lovely and sad all at once. 
News 4 new readers: 
We are astounded at the volume of love and good wishes 
((Hugs)) and heart
Good morning, My friend has one of my favorite Instagram accounts, where he posts some of the best humans. this is a 94 year old Harry B. Miller dancing at his senior center’s Thanksgiving dance. 
 this! So thrilled to work with 
I never expected the 
I LOVE YOU GUYS. 
Thanks #
Watch us break down our strangest moments with the 
Marty's Penny Bank HQ receiving the Development Award from 
 what a fantastic day we had at yesterday's national conference. Great to see friends & meet new ones & of course my proudest mum moment seeing my son Elis delivering the keynote speech & receiving the community award 
My ED has 124 pts in it as I tweet: 76 beds with pts awaiting repatriation or social care, 10 community step down closed and 21 patients in S London awaiting a mental health bed. My amazing staff are on their knees. We are always the place with the lights on 24/7. 
Spread kindness to everyone you encounter today. 
Kids in the back seat 
Get yourself a GCA! We 
Last week we had 
We’re all so proud of 
One of the best years of my life ... 
"Still I Rise" ~Maya Angelou 
One of the 5 videos that I posted on instagram for the Larsen's birthday 
Beautiful view of 
Apologize for the regressions from last night, all problems are fixed now with 2.57.1. Thanks everyone for helping resolving this so fast 
We LEAPed into the 
Truly inspiring afternoon with 
‘Hope through research’ - 
Watch what happens when this big brother spots his little sister after getting off the school bus. It's priceless 
Pear & ginger cake  at the 
This remains my all time favourite show at 
Welcome to the Western Isles 
This is such a great idea: a drop-in mental health centre inside a soup kitchen. Let’s show it some 
Proud of my strong gurning game in 
Can't believe we won the prize fight last night and top it off you guys have put us #1 on the iTunes Chart! We love you from the bottom of our hearts! 
I finished Season 1 of Bosch 
Monarchs take the set 15-8 to win the match!!
We Would love your support for all things 
Woke up to this view from my apartment- 
Totally enchanted by 
So excited to finally be seeing 
Really excited to share that superstars 
always remember God gives his toughest battles to his strongest soldiers
Lots of great books up for auction for 
 passed through the city for just a weekend, but it has fanned the flames of change for building a better future for women and girls. Thank you to everyone who attended. Keep fighting, keep breaking those glass ceilings, and dare we say? SEE YOU NEXT YEAR! 
Un look qui sort de l'ordinaire! Un pull rouge agencé avec des perles classiques le tout pour un look parfait. 
If you’re in Shine, please help us help rough sleepers and give yourself a chance to win some fab prizes. Buy a raffle ticket or 20! Win-Win! 
Exactly. 
Congrats! And thank you for gracing our stage 
RIP to Corey Waller. A former Jackrabbit, Viking, Washington Husky, but most importantly a local legend who touched and inspired a vast amount of lives within our city. Click the link in our bio and help the family however you can! 
All glory to God! So thankful and blessed to officially become a wildcat! 
Thank you for backing us Trevor! 
Week two of our panto crowdfunder and we're 20% of the way to our target! Thank you 
We've hit the £500 mark with our panto crowdfunder, woo! 
But I do have tea with 
 happy birthday buddy! Miss you 
A little shout-out to our PerSISters who work with 
Just speaking to my Mum. She said:

'That Just a Card campaign thing you're up to Dear - it's top of my google....

You were never one to keep quiet  - even at junior school.....'

Ha - Bless Her - 
This needs as many retweets as likes! We're a caring sharing campaign so SPREAD THE WORD! More fun for everyone 
so extremely proud of you 
Proud of you!!
Much love 
My little Belle 
I wish I could have been there with you both. 
She loves me enough to speak my gif-language. Folks, this is not your ordinary show-mance. This is the real deal. 
WE ARE COMING BACK FOR SEASON 3 YOU SAY?! Yes please nbcthegoodplace 
If you had or are having a shitty teens, listen to how shitty mine were and feel reassured it gets better. 
Chi O dads are the best dads!! Thanks to our wonderful dads for the best weekend!! 
BID DAY 
she's the cutest girl in the whole wide world she's a ~future~ Chi Omega girl 
So blessed, I get to call my mom my friend 
National Child Day...everyday could be a day to honour, respect & celebrate our young citizens! Today, I'll squeeze mine just a lil tighter!
A HUGE congrats to 
Hey, 
There are simply no words for how awesome this is. So moving. 
Had fun tonight! Thank you Philly! Thank you 
My morning prayer for you!!!!!! Just call me LOVE 
Oh, hello! We're Kendall and Steve - the duo behind Sadie & June 
Try not to cry: our new story of 
Sometimes you just have to stop and stare. The Wish, for so many winter feels. 
Breaking: The Wish just launched! If this is Winter, we’ll take it. 
Your favorite couple will be warming up the dance floor tonight for 
Your support and visit are so greatly appreciated! 
I pray you quit overthinking, replaying failed scenarios, feeding self-doubt and seeing the good in everyone but yourself. You deserve more. 
You throw away who you really are by following expectations held by other people who want you to be 'this kind of person'. If you are not living your life for yourself, then who is going to live it for you?
Stop saying yes to everything and everyone. Stop agreeing with people just so you don't upset them. You are not a pushover. You weren't put on this world to be stressed so others can be happy and relaxed. Protect yourself.
We don't always have to agree with one another but it's important that we learn to respect each other 
The quickest way to start not liking yourself is to focus too much on your shortcomings instead of your strong points. 
Early morning thought : When we control people, we are robbing them and ourselves of natural victories and setbacks in life. We want them to do things "our way" but are we truly sure that "our way" is the best? 
The person you will be in 5 years depends largely on the information you feed your mind today. 
Nothing blooms all year round...be patient with yourself 
God's will always happens at the right time, at the time God wants it to happen. Good morning twitterlandia 
Psychological Statistics final exam tomorrow. Will you include me in your prayers please? 
Kindly spare a moment to read. Thank you twitterlandia 
We should speak out truth. It is okay to confront. But confrontation with expectation is manipulation. 
The shortest route to unhappiness is to make comparisons. You are okay just as you are. I hope you realize that.. 
 celebrating Hispanic Heritage...
What the Draper James team is 
Y'all, this is the skirt for every occasion. Dressed up or down, it's your go-to bottom this season 
To all of our nation's veterans, we thank you today and every day 
Today would have been my grandmother Dorothea Draper’s 100th birthday. She is one of the greatest influences in my life. She encouraged my love of reading, taught me the importance of giving back to my community, & was a driving force behind why I created 
The Quilted Denim Vanderbilt Tote is perfect for the gal on the go, like 
 I am THANKFUL for you! All of you! I learn & grow each day from you. Thank you for supporting my professional development. I am grateful. 
Today marks 
Building words during guided reading 
YES!!! 
So very proud of Nipissing’s own 
This. Post. THIS is why I am so very honored and humbled to be able to call Megan my friend. One of THE strongest people I know.
I need this pinned on my mirror. 
Lots of giving spirit at Cabarrus-Kannapolis Early College 
This is brave. 
 my grandma & miss her so much. 
Trying something new this AM w/my Ss as I combine what I shared in my 
This Saturday at Area 31 ! 
Soccer today is amazing with this weather. Thanks all for supporting the Vikings on a school holiday!! 
Last minute instructions from Coach Gomez! 
Vikings take the loss 50-66. Rico Vega led the way with 16 points and Keith Johnson added 11. 
Lucky day for me to take a picture with Mr. Cano’s amazing Period 1 & 2! Got to share information about athletics and life!
Vikings, we’re having a blood drive! Come get a permission slip in the mall area during lunch and get a free shirt while supplies last!
Pre game! 
Teresa Ochoa has 6 kills for the Vikings! 
So fun in the JEA booth at 
My heart is full!! 
 my new promo video! 
This makes my 
this see how other brains work.  
I'll be there in march for 
 Besides being 
“A terrible first draft is the secret of life."  Just love 
This brought me to tears... Thanks to my mom for always being there 
We love you 
 how these interactive Father's Day gifts came out! 
Big-as-outdoors Thnx to 
TY & Buenos días 2 all 
Enormous thank you to all our visitors at the Health and Harvest Festival this weekend! We had so much fun hearing why you 
Thank you to all our parent volunteers! You are the 
Working on our fitness! Zumba Wednesdays! 
Crazy hair! 
We have the Power to be Drug Free! 
Thank you to our Pearson Volunteers helping us celebrate 
Rainy day? No problem! 
Thank you to all the parents who came and supported Dobie PK Back to School Night! 
If you have not donated yet, consider visiting 
Can’t believe it’s over. Puerto Ricans—like all Americans—are strong & resilient. We went to give hope & came back hopeful.  We went to help them and they changed us. 
I am blessed and thankful to come to work every day and see these beautiful smiles 
 happy birthday PERFECT
Our crew had a great time bonding today with a good, old fashioned scavenger hunt! We are so excited to share our new ideas this fall
New York, I 
Happy freaking birthday 
we 
love you always 
hahahaha thanks bam
A room full of voices to be reckoned with tonight as 
 happy birthday 
Thank you Haley 
Happy birthday
Happy birthday again J 
Thrilled to have you here, 
Putting the “thanks” back into 
Does your little one 
It's been one crazy ride with 
HAPPY 21st 
HAPPY 21st BIRTHDAY TO THIS CRAZY GIRL THAT I GET TO CALL MY BESTFRIEND
Good luck to out senior 
So proud of these girls 
Apply to the Pepper Pack (our first-ever advocacy program) if your 
Good luck to our senior 
Rest In Peace 
Happy 73rd birthday Grandpa. Miss you everyday.
Happy birthday to the only kid that I
Thank you my man
Thank you bro bro. Love you kid
 Happy birthday brother. Hope Jew had a great day. Love you
Thanks j love you man
The Gordon family was in the holiday spirit tonight at a charity event for 
Happy birthday!!! 
You inspire us every day, Bryan. 
Baseball is for everyone
We did it girls !!!!! Happy graduation 
Cos 4 life 
Ramona ,YOU'RE THE BEST WE LOVE YOU 
So glad to have grown with these girls
Today we honor those whose lives were affected by the tragedy of 9/11. Gone but never forgotten 
Have a great field trip! 
USE CODE: LUCYMK25 and get 25% off ALL MIKASA BEAUTY PRODUCTS LINK IN MY BIO 
1 years snap streak 
Be great young king 
Biscuits & Baskets with my baby 
Please continue loving, cheering, laughing, crying, and being present. We feed off of all of it. Thank you! 
We start previews this week.... I have never been so excited/scared/joyful/nervous/ thrilled in my life. Thank you for the never ending 
Don't you worry boba lovers, we got your back 
MINNESOTA FANS! 
So amazing!!! Thank you, fans, for this! I so wanted to go to the 
Thinking of you, 
Some family you are born into; others you choose.  I 
Meeting old friends at 
Ok last one... for now.. TOUCHDOWN BAMA! 21-0 
Diesel isn't only cute but so well trained
Happy Sunday, Minneapolis ! 
Polaroid 
Your last chemo treatment is today. It’s time to celebrate!
We’re thinking of you & sending strength 
Rewatching eps 1-5 before Thursday so I can write my "5 Episodes In" review of the show... loving it all over again! 
Really, really, really loving 
That’s it! The 2nd 
Daily wisdom from 
Remembering my dear friend Eddie with much love & respect!
A huge thank you to the men & women who have served so that we are free today to celebrate "Veterans Day 2017" God bless you all!
Remember this tournament well. Top talent, great matches, big crowd, THe good old days 
A hard fought battle 
Tommy 
IT'S HERE!!! CHECK OUT MY Q+A VIDEO!!! Leave comments, let me know what you think! What I have to say about 
A day I'll never forget. Forever in debt to you. From my first bump to becoming a family
 have i told you that I loved you already??
I am very proud of my friend 
 if you’re a big dog!
My family! Love you guys 
And my magic woman to boot 
This is what the 
Oh how I 
One of my faves. 
No, YOU 
WEST COAST 
"Thank You For Saving My Life." One of the most beautiful moments at our 
Yay!!  Sooo excited to be the be cohost of 
In this excitement of 
My toilet seat is heated!!! I love Japan 
I hope everyone had as much fun tonight as I did! 
Who's the biggest club in Edinburgh?

RT – Hibs

Thats it Sami WATP 
Goals 
Da boys 
Wishing my main man all the best with his fight tonight. Hes the fucking bad guy for a reason love you bro 
My best pal is the bollocks 
Hello Raleigh Christmas parade!! 
Well it’s a pretty great feeling sitting in the hydro and your boyfriend makes an entrance 
Classic Accies, One guy who's come through the ranks and another whos been given a chance after being abandoned by others....a real football club 
I feel so blessed to get to do what I love, in the business I love.
While working with so many wonderful company's and people.

Thanks BJK 
Woodlands Road roundabout in Glasgow this morning !! 
There's nothing we love more than hooking up with our great sponsors at our shows. We LOVED seeing you all last weekend 
 New Zealand and France are partners on & off the field - we share a strong relationship in business & rugby. Watch the 
Went to see 
Please don’t miss out on the amazing new 
Just seen 
Hey, LOST BOY made the final round of the Goodreads Choice Awards in Horror! I’m going to vote for 
I let my kid convince me to buy this 4-lb box of shortbread from Costco. I should probably be a more responsible parent but I 
Thanks to everyone showing love on the new video 
love 
We love creating 
Last tweet for the night in London. Postal vote survey results will be revealed in Australia as London sleeps.  Here’s hoping my morning tweet will be about 
Thank you to the wonderful cast & creative team 
Look at my bae 
Happy Birthday to my not so little anymore brother maguire_odhran 
Canny wait to get back in the studio tomorrow 
Always love playing the 
An impromptu rendition  "Wings Beneath My Wings" for  
So. That’s SSM done! What’s next? Why campaigning for people to be allowed to marry their pets & the Harbour Bridge of course! Especially fond of the latter as this ALSO means campaigning for polygamy as so many of us love that darn bridge!! Look at her. Isn’t she pretty??!
The divine 
Hello lovely Londoners
We are celebrating our female rowers this week as part of our support for the 
Love this family photo from my 
Animation of a photo of mine of Muckish Mountain, Co. Donegal. Checkout the smoke from the cottage chimney 
We're having a serious fan girl moment at Quercus because 
Want to give something back to a charity that have 


If you have info about people involved in 
Very inspiring to watch 
For a chance to win 
Far a chance to win in 
Hope you get your furever home Max 
Oh she's the double of my old girl Kizzie. I wish I could have Maddie 
My new album 'Baralku' is out now! Thank you so much for all your support. Hope you enjoy it 
Hi Gary 
Did I tell you already how proud I am.... 
I am very proud to tell you I became a granddad again of a fantastic little girl named Nikki Jazz 
Unreal how beautiful this drawing is ! Thanks 
Big thanks to my sponsors 
Bringing lots of 
Toilet paper dreams are coming true. We’ve launched in the UK and USA! Tag your friends & family to help us build more toilets 
Cartes postales from Greece - don’t know if being Greek makes me biased but I can’t put it down 
Lovely day with friends and amazing views
If you're off to the 
And I am reminded that earlier this year I had £7 in my account, now I’m wondering when I’m gonna send my Mum and sis Dubai or move out 
The energies were REAL today..
Thankyou 
Indeed! 
Many thanks to you for having me! Such a pleasure to come in and bake with your Luminary Ladies! Congratulations to everyone for tonight! 
Best way to spend a Wednesday afternoon! 
Family 
Cause I’m terrified to let you down
Heck yeah, I'm buying this shirt. And donating more to 
Birmingham! Yes. Each and every time. favourite set over the last few years at rainbow 
Thank you all for your lovely messages! I love cooking on 
Good vibes at 
This swan was stuck on a road during rush hour — so a kind man walked him home 
I love you always, Grandma Flawless. 
Loved being with the gorgeous 
My call is here! I'm opening it Sunday night at 7 pm. Everyone is welcome. I hope to see everyone 
Good morning Phuket 
What a night!! Thank you Brooklyn & thank you 
Leaving Ontario. 
Legitimately one of the best experiences of my life 
 hometown proud
Thanks for these words 
Thoughts and prayers with you tonight, New York City. Stay strong everyone 
Congrats everyone! See you in Vegas soon!!! 
3 documentaries among 2017's 10 best reviewed films. Proud see 
walked 20 blocks - 2 trump protest - michael moore -.cher - alec b - marisa t - joey pants - jillian moore - the mayor - dinero -perez 
Thanks for your support 
Home stretch of 
1. Thanks to everyone who came out to the live show last night. Great crowd! 
2. Big 
Happy birthday Dono! Love ya kid
Happy birthday to the best girlfriend I could ask for 
Happy birthday blader, love you 
This man's family made his dreams come true by bringing a horse to his hospice. 
The way this veteran talks about his service dog will melt your heart. 
So so proud of our lil cast !!! 
Just saw Jane at 
Happy late birthday 
Happy birthday to my best friend so many good memories love you brotha
Happy birthday bawd miss you 
Happy bday VEGGIE
“Courage is the most important of all the virtues because without courage, you can't practice any other virtue.” -Maya Angelou 
Happy Birthday to the greatest pk partner known to man. Miss ya veg, have a good one 
d meeting 
Love seeing good people succeed! Go 
Always my pleasure to offer you my music! 
It was a real pleasure! 
Happy birthday to my best friend 
A beautiful and inspiring evening, honoring the life and legacy of 
I've known her since I was 19 years old and she's always been there for me. So good to catch up 
I love these guys so much
  
Dress: 
On behalf of Australia, so proud to announce: 'the survey saaaaaaays'..... YES !!  
Speaking of 
AHHH COMB, happy birthday brother, hope all is well
Happy bday scrub 
You can’t fire me, I quit! 
forever love walled lake 
Happy birthday jess! I love you so much I hope it’s great
Happy 3 year anniversary!! 
Happy birthday ash
Just a tiny bit ( VERY!) excited to announce my guest for my next 
Plans for today:
Watch 3 hours of special features 
Happy birthday, I can’t wait to slap you as hard as I can when I see you 
Thank you! This is so cool and need one of these too. 
Me and Jesse Hughes tonight after watching Colin Hank's sobering & stellar doc' Eagles of Death Metal: Nos Amis 
happy birthday adrienne! i
RT BREAKING NEWS!! How's THIS for 
I couldn’t dream of having a better, more supportive team of brothers and coaching staff. Thank you WBHS
beautiful tour-parting custom gift from 
Made sure that he has the best view for every kick on Saturday! 
No new episode of 
Motherly advice from Chloe. 
Thankyou guys. Thankyou so much. Your all so amazingly kind to me. Special people. 
Im so happy that not only was I able to celebrate this special day with Mia, I was also able to donate to 
The Peppermint Club. TONIGHT. Free with RSVP to: 1114JanelleKroll@peppermintclub.com 
How do u know me better than myself... 
A very special Thank You to the staff & pupils at 
Great performance COYG 
I’m putting the game on the radio for my boy today. Hopefully the last game he’s going to hear will be a win 
Gonna go home and mast 
Go check out the Friday Cratediggers playlist on 
 Can't wait eek!! It gunna be lit 
My rework of 'Girls Love Beyoncé' just hit 500k on Spotify. Thanks for all the 
Send some love my way on 
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone and anyone who may have been affected by this tragedy. 
Winner winner chicken dinner we only went and won Group Ambassador Award 
All the best to my bro 
Class performance from the boys tonight! Happy to get 2 assists for my boy 
Happy birthday to the ultimate boss woman 
Perfect! Sunrise over Glasgow. I just love 
MY TEAM 
The biggest of good lucks to 
Happy weekend from this donut-snacking bear we illustrated for @vandaliadonutco 
Did someone say... GIRL POWER?! All the gorgeous at 
A beautiful day in Malibu 
finally, my new original "Up" with 
Carry Out (inverness Remix) 

Original by 
Gone too soon 
love u beau 
Loving this version of 'Different To You' from 
‘A Night With bitbird’ 
We had an amazing first show in Prague followed by an epic adventure. We 
Behind the scenes on Random Acts. Tonight:balloon art,kinky oil slicks & Olympic Pole Dancing.Short film.Short fun.See you at Midnight 
Turn off the news, and turn on the love 
My bestie
My very talented cousin Elliot took that photo. Find him on instagram 
Thank you Andrew. What an incredible and evocative review. So much love for your words
Buzzing to have got my first game for my country, hopefully more to come
This morning we found out that Britain's oldest supermarket worker Reg had passed away.
We spoke to him a few months ago and were bowled over by his passion and verve. 
The response to the video we shared of Reg was just incredible.
This is what he said that day. RIP Reg. 
How are you planning on celebrating 
He was nice to me when it not fashionable to be. He messaged me when some pathetic male comic started a FB thread abusing me. Good guy 
Because representation matters...

Day 14
Looking right, you move cautiously, seeing the roots creep in front of you. A clearing ahead appears, so you take the chance and run. In your haste, you fail to see the creature forming behind you...will you make it?

RT: run into the clearing 

Day 12
Your fear dissipates. "Enough with this. Who are you on about?"
"He who rules Calligra, Von Parkenhausen."
The name means nothing. It sounds like it's supposed to. Perhaps you should head for the city. 

RT:  back to the path 
ultimately proud to work for my hometown team - Chorley Football Club 
powerful
i love this scene. i love you guys. 
 this - simply the best tweet I have EVER read 
Proud of the salon for stopping all treatments and remembering 
Our wonderful DT teachers Mrs Bromley & Mrs Smith are retiring this week after a combined 52 years! Best wishes from us all x 
Awesome!! Big love 
 love to the Alani 
Our thoughts and well wishes are with Tommy 
Thanks for this ace review 
 Engages Every Student. Please RETWEET if you love it when EVERY student has a voice 
Thanks for this opportunity 
Delighted to say 
Damn. 
 seeing how 
Delicious breakfast to get over 
Jelly! Oh 
God bless Grandad
If you are still interested in helping by volunteering your time for Grenfell or other important causes, please let us know! Thank you 
Who knows what tomorrow brings? Apologise, clear the air, say I love you, make your peace. Life's too short 
What an inspirational lady! I'm so proud of you 
hey... what's up ??        
 is here to save us all. Read this gorgeous poem 
This was so wonderful. Thank you 
NY friends: I will be there Dec 18-23. I will mostly be there to hang with 
 I made the ghazal prose. Forgive me 
My exclusive cover reveal is on 
Many thanks, sis! 
READ >>> THE JANUARY CHILDREN <<< by Safia Elhillo 
Come back Barack. Thanks 
State of Virginia.  Great job! 
Thank you ekta 
Pay What You Can at the door! Thanks for sharing, Michelle! 
So glad that 
Our staff were loving having 
 just watched 
I'm like a kid at Christmas I can't wait to get my fillers and Botox done again. 
The *only* way that a turkey should be treated this 
Tradition is no excuse for cruelty.

Loved meeting 
When the legendary 
 such a  fresh, entertaining, light hearted,soulful film
A cute lovable simple film , enjoyed the journey thoroughly , beautifully written n fantastically directed by 
If today got your hearts beating fast, sit tight for tomorrow because it isn't over yet! 
There's an absolutely beautiful song from 
Love is undefeated 
CREW 
Honored to work w amazing teams from 
One of the best persons I ever met during my career and easily the one with the biggest heart! Complimenti fratello! 
Phillllll 
Best thing to come home to
Just got our wedding photos, how gorgeous is my husband? 
Looking for the perfect venue for your event?! From your work Christmas Party to Wedding receptions....we 
So, this happened today 
Ugh, such a fun tour with my friends 
Waco. Y'all were nicer than a slice of ice. Thanks for the love. 
Playing some 
My family 
Lil Mike from South London somehow made his way onto the cover of the legendary GQ Magazine. 
Pings-in-blankets season coming in at full pelt 
Waving and hugging the 300,000 creatives in this community. 
10 Affordable Holiday Gifts Your Employees Will 
My baby girl with her 
My beautiful 
Love the Ermana renew gift set from 
Here's some 
We're going to share something Green everyday until our Green Weekend this weekend! 
haha Glad to hear it's working wonders for you 
Thank you for the love! 
 SPEND & SAVE 
A massive PDA of adoration & thanks to the 
Amazing Women. Doing amazing things 
This is a lovely story. Ewa Durska, gold medallist in Rio, receives World Fair Play Diploma. 
Wroclaw 
The Royal Castle in Warsaw 
Warsaw 
 Remebering these choc hazelnut mousse & vanilla 
Tried 
Tomorrow!! 
Nearly cried watching my beautiful nephew blow out his candles!! 
From our family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving! 
Excited to get 
Relationship status: still in love 
Love being home on a gorgeous S.C. day! My heart is happy after spending time with these sweet girls! Fun times! 
Giving HIV the finger this 
12 
 Campus Facility Services for always keeping campus clean and looking its best! 
Jawz & Jazzy are thankful for their friendship! 
 all of the staff in 
 our friends in 
People and dogs present for the 
So proud to be a part of this amazing charity 
This really got me this morning! 
YES! 
I'm so very honored!  Thank you for the nomination 
FANTASTIC POST!!! Thx so much! 
TOMORROW on 
Reason number 37585635384735 I 
Hot biscuits, warm apples & worship underscore 
Missin St Lucia &great spots like THIS: 
Do you 
The season of giving is a perfect time to support 
Prince William is carrying on Princess Diana's legacy in such a beautiful way 
The two models have been walking the 
Bellissimo Thursday lunchtime treats! 
posted some swatches of my favourite nude liquid lipsticks by 
Subculture palette & Matte Lipstick in Cool Brown on Maxie. 
 Eyeshadow L
Thanks to everyone who submitted your fan art for the "chosen family" contest! Proud to announce the winner, Kelly from Knoxville, TN! Her "You Are Loved" design is now featured on a tee that benefits 
This is Smiley. He dedicated his life to making others smile. Today, his battle with cancer ends. He is our first 15/10. Rest easy Smiley 
 Richard gave Lynne his last ROLO 33 years ago for Valentine’s Day, how sweet! Who would you give your 
THIS IS WHAT WOMEN WANT IN THE WORKPLACE FROM MEN (thank you, 
Spread the 
We had so much fun with our 
Sport gave me my escape,a purpose, the confidence to go prove people wrong along the way who thought I would not amount to much..it made me want to be a winner not just in sport but in life!! 
Please read and if possible dig deep for a great cause. 
We could not do what we do without the wonderful Rosie from NUS. Thankyou so much for everything you've done for us over the past year 
 congrats on the goal buddy 
One of the most humble and loving person I’ve met. Thanks Neetz, it’s been an honor. 
Great buzz in 
Fantastic introductory meeting with 
Last day in paradise with this cool kid. I feel refreshed and I'm ready to finish 2017 strong. Back to the grind. 
Happy 30th birthday to my sis 
Arrived safely in Hawaii with that guy 
The story of 2017. If you're struggling to get running/crack a goal, follow this guy. Awesome 
Truly inspiring afternoon with 
‘Hope through research’ - 
Introducing the Monster Maker where you can make your very own furry friend! 
Thanks everyone for the messages. It's been such a hard decision to make leaving a club that I love and everyone at it. Looking forward to getting stuck in the rest of the season and show everyone how much the club and Glasgow means to me! 
Colour of the day: 
Good night!
But first lemme feed my skin. 
Only a few more days until we can open our Advent Calendars..  
Soo happy, thank you
I love my 
My 
After watching a Keeping up With the Kardashians marathon with my bf, he surprised me with 
Last night at the Children with Cancer ball was great
Reunited with my angels 
Just got back from Vegas this evening, have to say the best experience of my life 
My fave performance was the 
Kesha because that was a HUGE comeback, and she performed a song that should be a national anthem 
My go to foundation 
We could suggest hundreds of things to do in Nottingham 

Perform a random act of kindness & like this post once done! Let's make a big difference together today 
Thinking of those who gave their lives for all of us, R.I.P 
We're soooo proud to have been involved in such a great series - 

What an amazing season of 
 ARE U READY?!!! I’m warming up  
Best purchase of the night was for myself though... Tam and 
 So excited I got to order these two shadows!!!! My cats are rescues so im excited im helpung out the animals! 
good times tonight. Thank you 
Awwww I love this THANK YOU 
Gr8 to meet w/people who know+value the importance of mental wellness. 
You're perfect 
 Loved seeing you guys perform at the 
We can’t stop watching 
Absolutely delighted to be nominated by the critics circle 
Spread more love. Make someone laugh, make someone smile, be good to each other, help someone out. It feels good
We have completely sold out our gig @ Seven Arts! Thanks so much for the support guys. We can’t wait to see you there 
I love you 
Love you guys
Good Luck tonight 
A massive thank you to the wonderful 
Came home to a spotless house thanks to 
We LOVE our US fans who came to support the girls on 
We're sending our very own 
Year 10 learning about the heart with a heart dissection 
Thanks for all of the love on Higher 
It’s Here!!! Higher Feat 
Dear Manchester, It was really emotional playing for you at the MEN Arena. You've got the light to fight the shadows 
Just saw Blade Runner 2049. Those colours tho 
You are seriously toooo sweet hmmmm maybe we will have to some how recreate us both being red for s day or something 
Massive thanks to 
What a guy!! 
I am so proud of 
THANK YOU SO MUCH!
I absolutely LOVE YOU 
I can’t put into words what it means to meet you guys...you light my heart up with inspiration & you, your stories, your precious hearts are why i keep making videos. 
Who’s coming to meet me today at the 
Thanks so much for all the love 
This mad mad genius! 
Roots to grow, wings to fly!!!

Understand to Innerstand to higherstand to overstand to OVERCOME!


Their first collab on an album.
Not their first in life.

Wont He Do It! 
Another amazing exhibit 
My babies 
 OH AND BTW, as a HUGE thank you, anyone that pre-orders our album tomorrow will see their name in our album thank you’s! You will have 24 hours starting at midnight! YAY!!!! Oh and No Purchase Necessary info is here: 
Very sad news about my good mate lloydy. A proper genuine funny guy who would do anything for anyone. Some great times together I won't forget pal. gone to soon. Thoughts are with your family. RIP Gary Lloyd 
Old man  D Watkins in the UK 
Thanks everyone 
Big love to twitter again! Absolute dream job this & your support is making it even more of a dream 
Southend you were sooooo fun. I 
Give us a 
Eeeek just 4 weeks to go until our first public performance of our wonderful Christmas show The Nutcracker and the Mouse King! The countdown is on! 
Listening to 
‘Be nice in the morning!’ 

On this week’s episode of the 
Years later & 
 this week on 
The entire exec listening to student reps 
Got for 
My baby Niece all the way from Australia, No 1 supporter for Brentford 
Congratulations, special shout out to dr winn, was great seeing you again 
Watch us break down our strangest moments with the 
Cannot get Havana out of my head rn... and I’m ok with that. 
8years ago today..
X
Wishing a Happy 5th Birthday to 
Nooooo. At least you have the whole week to get it done! Good luck and happy early thanksgiving 
 checkout SuperHunter zooming around in is MC RocketWalker 
Captain Div 
So excited to reveal this prototype device - it will revolutionise your cricket-watching experience. Let’s get it off the ground! 
Time for some 
How adorable are these brand new stamps, featuring our favourite bear... Paddington 
Well, 
I would like to say thank you to my people for the amazing welcome last night. Honestly feels so good to be back 
It is sooooo beautiful out here this morning! And the air feels like a dream! 
Thank you for having us! 
TODAY, IBM launched 
It looks amazing! I'm so excited to see how GWC clubs create great things with this!
Heading back to Arrow. Atlanta, I 
Thank you Abby and Asia for making my day!! 
"When you realize that the stuff that represents you isn't family friendly, you internalize that so hard." 
This little dude just melts my 
Daddy’s coming home... 
Download your own copy of the Olicity Cookbook now! 
Thank you BBC WM 95.6FM for posting a lovely video for BBC Children in Need. It features Ethan and Lucy sharing their stories 
Love this tree of beauty at the 
Amazing!!! Well, I am honored you followed through, girl! Great fun with all you girls this weekend! 
Art is needed today more than ever. Art is a common language that we ALL share. Whether you sing, sculpt, paint, dance, act, or write, you have the capacity to touch each and every one of us equally on this planet. Keep creating. 
 for helping us make our show! We 
I am STILL gagging. Love my friends 
When I say the 
Yo yo yo! 
Great conversation again. And thank you for the Shout Out.

Also, I hear merchandise will be available soon! Whooohooo! 
Oh she never stops. This morning in bed, it was a like a negro spiritual songI Often I have a waltz at breakfast. Last night it was a ‘Harvey, Harvey’ song with new words. Apparently it’s usually sung  ‘Daisy, Daisy’... I think. I love them all. 
Look who's on the cover of Air And Space 
People coming together to save lives is a beautiful thing!
Another 
Not all superheroes wear capes.
Huge thanks to 
LOS ANGELES:
Donate blood this weekend with 
Buckle Up 
Another amazing FANJAM ends, and i'm just... speechless. Thanks everyone for the overwhelming love, I feel incredibly blessed to have met every single one of you. I hope you enjoyed it the event! Post our pics and tag your boy... 
We are all Tilly. 
A must see movie and a perfect way to honor our Veterans! 
Together at last. 
The moment when Sara was reunited with her son. 
  seeing these adorable fans of PRINCE AND PIRATE at 
Thanks so much! 
This is everything!!! Keep momming on, moms!! 
Love or Hate 
a nice reminder 
Hosted a fellow 
Passed over the plebs to 
One of my favourite illustrators working today 
Having fun with these inspirational actors! 
And that would be the amazing 
HONOURED to announce I am the new face of 
“everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. be kind, always” 
A Parisian night on the town looks like this 
My buddy - writer/ producer/ veteran 
We're super stoked to have been shortlisted for FIVE awards at 
My baby sister. 
If I kiss you where it's sore, will you feel better? Will you feel anything at all? - 
All my love to 
WOW. This is powerful & important!! 
Sometimes I think I wanna change the world... and I forget it just starts with changing me. 
 our Forestbound collection as much as we do? Shop the 
Ahhhhh! I’m loving this Lovefest!!! 
, you just made me cry after asking 
Exclusive: Preview a new song from Sunday’s episode of 
I also had to pleasure of meeting 
Thanks again for watching & tweeting! 
Just how enchanted does Trakai, Lithuania look? Ultimate 
The perfect date night watch 
Dreaming of 
I've made a little playlist on 
So honored 2 speak at memorial for Florence Henderson along w 
3 weeks today I will be seeing this amazing woman!! Playing this on repeat to get me through the afternoon. Thank you 
I LOVE doodle notes! 
YOU TOO COULD LIVE THIS DREAM 
Incredible - the price of new offshore wind power has HALVED in just 2 years! Emma Thompson seems... quite pleased 
There's no right or wrong way to do the thing! Writers can take weekends off, too. 
babiesss!! we won 
Thank you teen choice!!!! 
 is out NOW ahhh go cop it
So much fun performing 
This is beautifullll
How did you like that FREESTYLE!? Our dances are done, now we need your VOTES!! 
Going to be live tweeting 
One dance down, one to go! Vote at 
 supporters, we need ALL your votes tonight at 8/7c! 1-800-868-3404 or 
She’s my best friend, the love of my life. l can’t wait to spend the rest of my days waking up to 
Sending heartfelt gratitude to all veterans! I appreciate & THANK YOU - today & always - for your service.
With SO Much Love,
Paula xoP 
OMG! Memories! I’m sending you LOVE 
So exited 
We Shine, We Shine, We Shine... 
Listen & 
WHOA. I 
What a huge honor, JJK. It's an amazing poster and your version of El Deafo rocks it. You're hired! (Cuz I know u aren't busy.) 
These photos make my 
So much 
My son ran into my room at 7:15 AM yelling that it was snowing.  He was so excited and I will admit, I was too.  I 
Thanks for the bday messages everyone! A Birthday I’ll never forget in front of a 
Pleased to see the red card overturned! Important 3 points from the boys today! We go again Monday
 bike photos 
Upload a photo to Instagram with your copy of OBAMA: AN INTIMATE PORTRAIT using hashtag 
this interview for 
Fall in love at 
Truly incredible
All love scarbag. Keep doing your thing, quality player and friend 
The just giving page will be up and running as of tonight.. Make sure you share to make a stand 
Thank you to all our regular customers from OKO and Nuvo, for being so patient with us. We are back open tomorrow back to usual business. 
Please contact 01216311600 for any bookings. 

We can’t wait 
 Bro...... who jah bless I say no man curse! 
new members welcome 
I love these SO much by 
My partners in crime! The 2017 main jury 
And big love to my local theatres keeping arts vibrant in the 
‘Live For The Moment’ is the biggest selling debut album for a band this year. Thank you everyone for buying the album, spread the word!
IT'S HERE! OUR DEBUT ALBUM PITY PARTY IS OUT NOW! WE REALLY HOPE YOU ENJOY IT 
Have a lovely Saturday
love wins 
7 weeks ago we did our first ever show and last night we played Brixton Academy with 
Last night of the US tour, thank you all so much! 
Mo the Monster is loving this big screen with 
Can’t wait to introduce 
Soooo happy that our partners 
A GREAT day with our 
Career Day 
TOTY for 
South Atlanta Cluster Partner of the Year 
We're sorry not to see you tonight Nottingham! Much love to 
Sending 
TWIN CITIES SAY LOVE
Ayyye thanks for the support! 
Thanks BJK 
Great insight into the AMAZING work of 
I’m saddened to hear of the passing of my friend, Mel Tillis. Sending my love and prayers to his family and friends. There will never be another Mel Tillis!
Just 
Our season may have ended tonight, but my appreciation & 
I Love to run 
2/2 for libraries, books & reading shone through her dedication to our students. You will be missed by many, Pat. Thank you. 
It may be all about the Silly Season but this is all about seafood as well! 
This quote should be hanging on the door of every classroom. I 
In the midst of all this horror there is the beauty that is 
I have a beautiful time visiting 
Late post ... 
Six years ago I created a show called 
Had the BEST time signing Starflight at the 
STARLIGHT NIGHTS, companion novel to 738 DAYS, is on Netgalley today. Yay! I love this book and hope you will too! 
Mindy has the BEST posts
Check out our interviews and the other awesome posts on her site 
"Reminds me of those classic 90s teen thrillers like Scream and I Know What You Did Last Summer." 
Super impressed with 
Press Preview at 
Thankful to you for introducing me to Mother Angelica & 
Thank you for writing to tell me this. 
Its arrived ! 
I can't adore 
Yesss! One of my favourites of 2017 gets a re-release next month. If you haven't seen it yet, you absolutely must! And if you've already seen it, go watch it again... 
Nothing better than Thanksgiving with the fam 
Chai Eggnog Latte....that’s how I roll 
Yeah where is her LEGO minifigure?  ofc I have bias because she's my mom, but I 
Seattle, I love you 
Thank you for providing such an amazing program today ! Your hard work has not gone unnoticed within the staff of PGCPS 
Capitol Heights Elementary School! Team work makes the dream work!!! 
Fun activities!!! The Redskins  and Macy's Fun Trip!! 

This made my night.. getting to meet the great and talented Khalid! 
Best new comedy is right!! I believe in our show so much! 
My chat with 
We are having an amazing time 
Recognition for my youngest, Geremy. His first article that highlights his basketball talent. 
BC Place will host 27,000+ 
Notte 
Thank you Grandma
Soundcheck Paris. For those about to Rock@cc_irlandais x
Happy birthday mum 
Very Honoured 2 b contributing 2 this extremely important fundraising evening wonderful line up of artists Will be a special 1 Get ur tix 
Last time playing on the same court as my sissy 
thank you Aly for being so brave and sharing what happened with the world. You are an inspiration to so many. I love and support you always.
happy veterans day dad 
While your best is good enough, your best should always get better 
Thanks Pey! 
 Neil & Lorrie bring peace to our community by volunteering at the pregnancy centre, oasis cafe, and champion centre. 
Proud of you bro
4 years
Change happens fast, from an open letter to tanks: 
Congrats on your movie 
You just got with this????!! It's incredible. I've listened to it start to finish at least 10 times 
 is my favorite song on the 
DYING over the 
Looking GR8 on Daily Pop 
A big thank you to all of our hardworking and amazing staff who made today's grand open party a huge success! 
We could listen to the beautiful soothing voice of 
A big thank you to the amazing morning show at 
Thank you so much babe! 
Appreciate that love! Thank you! 
My cousin 
We just love 
Now that I'm settled back in Istanbul just want to thank everyone that was a part of the Ring of Honor ceremony at ND this past weekend. My heart is still SO full. All my family, friends, coaches and everyone else that showed so much love. You are appreciated. 
Too cute! 
Thanks for all the birthday and anniversary wishes! I love you guys!!! 
Kassie fans - check this out! Kassie & Elyse Ryan Jewelry have teamed up to create these stunning bracelets that also raise awareness for the fight against leukaemia and lymphoma. Help support this great cause for the holidays! 
Can’t wait 
 of Baku where the 
 the morning glow up is real biiishhhh 
 Love hearing all the love when it comes to 
Daddy Bear 
 just saw Masika interview she is soooo loyal to her friends omg 
There is my girl 
 Thank you so much for inviting us to celebrate our 
What is AMAZING?!⠀
The Exploratorium was featured on Jeopardy! last night, as the clue for "San Francisco" in the "Explore" category! 
Chefsgiving Gala 
Coup de Foudre - when lightning strikes 
Art tour around Hall 
 is my favorite person  
His favorite time of year. 
Thanks boo
Awww thanks momma
my dear friend 
ISABELLI AND I 
home with the one I love 
Our dream for you... 
My heart 
Beach babe 
i love bouncy balls thanks 
Many thanks again to 
Thanks for the awesome review on 
Grab the tissues. We have a feeling 
Now you know! This IS 
 I Just Want You To Know That I Already Appreciate You Because You Have 
HUGE shoutout to 
 thank u, yes u, for existing. U are loved
YAY! 
Checkout the latest 
You own it every performance,  no doubt. Flawless and natural!! Just love you! You know that, see you in the finals!!
now listening to 
Mood for the rest of the year
I want to binge watch but my level-headed daughter wants to go slow and savor them. 
Perfect bridal party style! Bride (center) and the two bridesmaids beside all in DTP! 
We remixed our song “Run the world” Get dem grooves at 
Sending our love and thoughts to Mexico
BIG UP 
tonight’s the night! 
unlikely friendship 
Help us survive out on the road.

Buy some of our merch.

Link: 
We’ve had a minute away from playing shows and we hate it. We can’t wait to see you all in December along with our 
It's cold. Keep warm. Buy some merch. 
Holidays can be extremely rough.

Family rejection is a leading causes of trans suicide and coming out can be one of the most terrifying experiences of your life.

Check out 
Loved joining 
A massive thank you to 
DVR Alert- Former Navy Seal Joe Crandall and GPVN Founder Alex Archawski on NBC.  It's Veterans Shark Tank time...
Hey our van broke down. We don’t know the extent of the damage but it’s probably going to cost some $$. If you want to help us just grab a shirt! 
Can’t believe you’re gone 
Enjoy this old track I helped produce for a cozy tape 
You are actually goofy if you don’t spread positivity & love 24/7.... 
Oh you've touch my heart with your sweet message which is full of affection 
So looking forward to showing my film of 
Finally got my 
Keep voting 
Thank u all 4 the BDAY wishes. I thank god for another year. I promise 2 make every second count, be the best I can be & continue 2 grow
Love you Texas. 
Go read our love letter to you 
Happy first birthday to 
Love you guys. Thanks for hanging! Have to run. Be back soon to chat. See you soon on the road!! 
Awesome fan art by Leila. Love seeing this. 
wichita_bison_81's video 
Thanks sweet_meeat for this amazing piece of art. Obviously I'm Soren through the skies 
I so digg the sound, stylo and show 
FRIDAY // FOX THEATRE // ATLANTA, GA 
Thank you to our guests at the DKMS Big Love Gala in London last week for helping us raise £1 million+. The money will help us register even more new potential blood stem cell donors, in addition to the tens of thousands of selfless donors we recruit every year
Full house at 
Very excited to announce that the DKMS Big Love Gala will take place tomorrow 9 Nov at 
Evie is in need of a second stem cell (blood) transplant to save her life!
Today I’m feeling like a very lucky boy.


via ^TeamDrHook: 

Welcome to the Warner Nashville fam, 
My favourite film.
Beautiful! Thank you for sharing, Leighton. 
RALEIGH, we were born to love you! Thank you to 
Go watch this video right now, it’s amazing.
truly blessed to have met 
A love story that everyone could relate to - via 
Loved the energy in the theatre for the 
Sad to say that a sprained ankle has taken me out of 
I’ll always back the underdog. 


Nearly 7 years ago this group of women became the cast of a production of Top Girls at Chichester Festival Theatre and then Trafalgar Studios. We reunite about once a year for lunch and a catch up. I feel so happy to know you all. Long live the Toppies. 
And it's lit! Thanks to everyone who came out to our 
Congrats to my wonderful cousin 
The sorrow.This woman's talent is extraordinary.A waste of a unique,unique artist.A woman with a vision that summoned magic. Khadija Saye 
Great to see our 
Honored to have been asked by 
Yesterday marked 9 years to the day that Cullenders was born. Thank you for being part of our journey, we love our business and our wonderful loyal customers 
Everyone 
Yesterday’s dinner was created by the famous 
True!! 
Fabulous time at the STARS awards brilliant young people 
So proud of 
In awe of 
Thought I’d have to keep my disabilities a secret in politics. Thought it would damage my career and people would judge me but I’m really proud and grateful to 
I need to stop thinking I can twerk, my moves were on fire last night though, thanks 
 - DONE! Thanks to all for the most amazing month, we don't wanna leave!! 
This gal 
The absolute GODDESS that is 
Break legs 
Such a joy to get to do a great show like this and such a lovely review to see today! Thank you!

 to our 1000th follower — 
 men in uniform? 
Ahhh this is EPIC!! How exciting 
A year ago today, we premiered 
Thank you to all who supported the 
This is the loveliest thing and I am so proud. 
Happy 3rd Wedding Anniversary Baby 
Asian fusion! Ira B's themed evening March 16th... 6 courses, give us a ring to secure your place!! Only a few places left
I was so privileged to have been apart of this production. To have been around such talented performers was a truly knowledgeable and humbling experience! Please click the link for more info 
 DID THAT 
Standing with you. I applaud you
I love the tube
To finally meet 
Huzzah 
My brother has been missing since 6 o'clock this morning near Clyde at Kirkfield bank area please share for any info. 
We can all celebrate Transgender Awareness Week
we love a 
So grateful for all the support that I get
My sister is EVERYTHING to me
Sausage has a pizza our hearts
Great fiddlers to check out 
Another fantastic addition to our line-up.  Vodka + Caramel = yum! 
The sun has set on a cracking 
This man has impacted so many lives including mine. Bless you 
Thank you for being there Ginger..Love my 
After 
Planning a 
I've loved 
College football 
Homemade fishcakes served with side salad and Homemade Red Pesto now on the menu 
Lunch Stop 
Every Day is Pancake Day 
It's chilly out there!!!We thought we would warm you up with some Root Vegetable Soup 
We are open seven days a week top floor of 
Thank u for your kindness. I can't wait for the show tonight. 
Wait til you meet PaPa Hardy 
Who's watching with us tonight??!! So excited for the 
We extended the date to support 
High on 
We’ve add loads more 
So grateful & honored to get to know some of the FDNY today
Can't YOU see that I love NOBODY ELSE? 
Christmas is coming next month, time to start preparing for the holidays! 
 the new track "Nobody else" is perfect. You are the future and the main dj in 
Barry Brass Band
We have such a big range that I try to change my display every day. And I’m having an interview today about my Glass and the Greenman so I’ve made it very nature today 
Happy 10th Birthday to 
A track from paradise 
Guiyang you’ve been amazing 
I absolutely  
Love is pretty damn awesome
SHE HAD TO WALK 24 HOURS TO FIND WATER & FOOD, YET SHE IS GRATEFUL FOR HER LIFE!!! THE WORLD HAS SO MUCH TO LEARN FROM HER!!! 
FANTASTIC DAY WITH FRIENDS IN KINGSTON 
 album #1 on radio charts in North America. 
Love the two new songs ! 
Fantastic show today! Absolutely blown away by the new generation of Duffys! My heart was in my mouth watching them! 
We had great fun at the 
Congrats to my friend & fabulous Auntie Paula who today marks a "significant" milestone in 
Look out for the 
Fingers crossed for Tralee ahead of the Bank of Ireland National Enterprising Town Awards next Wednesday 15th November in Tullamore 
62nd CORK FILM FESTIVAL opens today. Here is 1st weekend's screenings... Book online at 
Unreal 'Sex Ed 101: Ride Safely' workshop from 
Magical athmosphere on Grafton Street this evening. I 
Remembering all the victims and all the heros on this day. 
"You’re a person. As someone who put her face to something to humanise it, ironically, you get dehumanised. But you’re a person. Not a campaign. Not a political slogan. Not a belief. A person." 
CHICKEN, AVOCADO, MANGO + FETA SALAD 
Pure emotion 
Arrrrrggghhh!! 
'Hummingbird' by 
I’ve honestly loved been 
For anyone wanting to donate to the food drives 
Awwwwww!!!! I 
I work for ace peeps - Thanks to 
And we’re off! Collecting food all week for 
Two weeks until 
My Nike Sisters 
I love you JP 
Just watched "la famille bleier" 
Honoured to be announced as one of the top 3 sports women of the year! Thank you so much for everyone who voted for me, means the world 
Loved the 
Thanks for sharing 
Amazing new album by 
As ambassadors for 
Ok there’s just enough time before I’m on air at midnight to talk you through this truly incredible TSV. Will you be joining me? 
I’m live on 
See you there! 
Tonight marks my 100th show as Tracy Turnblad! 
If you had told me this time last year I would be performing my dream role in a U.K. Tour I would have said you where mental! 
So lucky to be living my dream!
Here’s to the next 100
Knit Fit
I literally can cry now, we really reached 4 million subscribers. Wow, through it all no matter what we’ve  always stayed true to each other and ourselves. The way & how fast the gang grew is amazing. Let’s continue to reach new heights 
Kallie had me smiling the whole time, she’s so adorable 
thank you to everyone for the support and well wishes 
Obiora Maludum, M.D., Cardiology Fellow 
Thank you, Anne-Katrin 
NEW YORK! PULL UP 
"East x West" with 
and it goes on 
A much needed restful Sunday... but it was worth every moment of pain. What an adventure. 
Thank you. To all of you who've messaged & supported 
Thank you to everyone in Ireland who have made the last 4 years so special. 
honored to share my new Asia inspired mix, thoughts on the music biz, and deets on my recent move to China with 
The thoughts of everyone at 
Reading about people meeting Josh Tillman on Twitter makes me so happy 
Love you boo bear
Great day in the office today with this lot! I love you all dearly 
FANTASTIC MID WEEK TREATS
At The Beauty Rooms
Super proud of 
Thank you to the band Whiteshill Billies who have been busking 
This just came on Create Station 
 London. Another day closer to December 11th. 
Simpathy like 
Most of our installs have been to fully paying customers, they donated the full price of the job to children’s cancer charity candlelighters 
It's damp n chilly isn't it? We're collecting warm things for those on the cold streets this winter. Add to 
My little dude ready for 
Practicing 
We've just had a lovely encounter with a visitor who showed us that their great grandson has a doppelganger in our museum! They are uncanny 
Passionate story filled with love for one another and continual earthly  life itself. Thanks for sharing this miracle. 
You're invited to join us for a real dog's dinner, 
Everyone at Mayhew has been decking our halls with festivities ready for our 
We’re thrilled to have 
 "quagmire" is doing fantastic. His big boy teeth are here and he loves cuddles. The most beautiful cat we have ever seen. Very happy and chatty. My best friend 
Little Lilo is such a sweet & special soul who loves dishing out gentle cheek rubs 
We want to say a massive Mayhew THANK YOU to the wonderful people at 
Despite everything she's been through, Ivy LOVES life & just needs someone to share it with
If this doesn't put you in a good mood 
There's something about the Hunter's 
Thrilled!! We've been nominated for 3 
Teach the students we have, not the ones we wish we had.  
whdesign.ny Has always been one of my favorite interior decorating stores in NYC 
Fall campaign 
thank you guys 
May it be noted: in this exact spot where I am standing...my parents saw each other for the very first time
HONESTLY KNOW PPL Will 
While waiting 4 big change let’s ensure concert goers feel free 2 scream & dance along w t music that moves them 
My idol
Proud of my 
Wishing you all a great day 
What a gorgeous young woman 
Thank you Pam! So happy to collaborate with you and everyone 
So kind of you. Thank you for watching 
We've launched our 
My eldest daughter with her five-times great grandfathers quilt 
I l
 definitely knows how too make a connection. He's one of my favorite actors 
 is surely a heartfelt movie that grabs your heart. 
:Dec. 9,8/7c Trending 4 
Haha, Charlotte. Ppl already think I'm nuts. I wish I was young enough to be crushing on 
 Ann I would have loved to be a fly on the wall and seen you do your 
Look who came to visit us! 
Awesome season 
The end of one great month, the beginning of another 
....no words 
Very few people have read my book, I'm quite sure (academic book, £60, niche topic... yeah) - so when I've had the very occasional email from someone saying they liked it, it's been amazing! Esp when that person was otherwise a stranger! 
So have we Joe 
We bid you all farewell  
Congrats to the GANGOTRAS winners of 
February 
: Get all your holiday shopping done in one place at PETA's Holiday Kind Market! 
He isn't afraid to stand up for people AND animals 
Danced my socks off now it’s chill time in my cosy new pj’s 
When you find 
 We 
300,000 of us are homeless in Britain.
55 powerful stories of home bring the 
I love Paris 
Could watch this over and over again!! Just makes me smile!! 
 Was completely blown away by this today, utterly compelling and moving, what an incredible piece of work 
Just had an incredible treatment at 
Absolutely loved being a part of the audition! Brilliant practice for me and such a fun routine to perform! 
Love him 
Being so far away from the U.K. is strange and the time difference is weird! Nevertheless, I’m having such a wonderful time in Singapore with my 
Also thank you to my 
So the Harry Potter exhibition 
Love you girly 
I got to catch up with 
Happy birthday to my birthday tour twin 
worked hella hard on these tracks, would be dope if you could listen 
Loved being able to watch 
Our new single 'Arc' will be available on 
The lovely guys st 
Jersey! Who will I see at 
Being bed bound and ill makes me emotional, so I'm sat in bed crying because of 
Sobbed my way through 
I miss 
Just rewatched some episodes of the first season....
 kicks off today. .
Came out by myself to hang with 1300 strangers and listen to 
 Move It Auditions were amazing tonight! So much talent in 1 room! Very proud of you all! 
Proud! 
 is the most supportive college going, big love to you all 
Still can’t believe you were taken from us, let alone it being a year today. So honoured + blessed to have known you. Tonight’s show was for you Jo 
1 year ago today the true heart of Urdang was taken from us 
Wonderful memorial for our dearest 
Even my 12 y.o. self knew how special you were back then and never could I have imagined the journey and adventures we would experience together. You are such a beautiful, strong, graceful, loyal human and I am so thankful to know you. Happy (1 day late) birthday T 
Sneak peek of tonight’s 
Thank you for helping me close a chapter and joining me on opening a new and bright one. I am having the absolute best time and I’m so thankful for all of you 
Yes! Absolutely LOVED seeing you 
 Just look at this cover for The Cloak of Feathers by Nigel Quinlan 
What should (and shouldn't) you say to a friend who's struggling with their mental health? You shared some great advice 
So nice to see you again 
Oh how I've missed you! 
Learnt it all from you LJB 
If you're in Jersey this Sunday, go see my friends speak on this awesome panel! 
The fact that the majority of ppl missed how much I LOVE 
More fun pre-order news!! 

Send proof of your pre-order (from any retailer) for LOVE, HATE & OTHER FILTERS to preorders@sohopress.com and you'll get this totally adorable custom button set! 

Wear little Maya (and my heart) on your sleeve. 
My exclusive cover reveal is on 
Tuesday morning Giveaway signed copy of 101 Artists to listen to before you Die 
Monday morning Comp. We have a signed copy of Geis by Alexis Deacon 
BIIIIIG shout out to 
Delightful few days in France w/ 
oh hello 
The fabulous 
Once jazz finds you it never lets go
IM ON RIGHT NOW! 
Happy Thanksgiving! 
Everyone please vote 
and still...I got nothing but love for y’all 
The Incredibles is on 
 oh my GOD !! so excited !!! 
Incredibly proud and excited to be able to share this.

Lone - DJ Kicks. 

September 29. 

Preorder: 
Brings me so much joy to see members of the 
Yesterday's 
My brother 
I’m a sucker for beautiful art  thank you 
Makes me so bloody happy watching you it's unreal 
We’re all about female empowerment shouts to some of the baddest out there! 
 to the Nottingham crew this weekend 
Trooper 
Shouts 
Big up 
My bro 
Awesomesauce guys, check it out! 
I'll be doing live poetry at 
Sound of 
  I 
Vibes last night! 
It was 
Can't wait to hear Jeffesor X aka Uncle Jeff aka my mentor 
Ayyy my bro 
This happened yesterday at Brixton 02 Academy 5,500 people .. London hometown 
SOMEBODY ELSE VIDEO OUT RN!! MUCH 
B) me nk)m) d3
Ma ne s) me d3
SAMPELELE official video out on YouTube
Watch and Subscribe 
Added "Pick Up the Pieces" by Zed Bias, Boudah to my I 
We're celebrating 11 years of bringing good music to good people this Feb 16th at 
All My Love. Out now! 
We won 'Best Break Through Manager' at the MMF awards. Thanks to everyone who supported and believed in the vision 
Newest member of the I 
The Mouse Outfit ft. IAMDDB & Fox - I Wonder 


Don’t play yourself 
One of the founding members of rising BK collective: Working Women, DJ Voices (
pretty stoked to not have to see dixon win again 
Happy birthday to our brother from another mother, we love you Jamie
Absolute filth 
I fukin love 
Just heard I am going to play the very last set at the Coronet alongside Nicky Blackmarket NYE @ Breakin Science 
So good to see you again my love
Be apart of  the movement and grab all your TNA garms right here 


Buy 
U must let ppl go who say they 
That Mills 808 pause/play trick 
So here we go... I'M GOING ON TOUR! I'm SO excited to see you all around the country. Tickets go on sale at 10am from 
25 years of service at 
We still like to do a little salute to Terry this time of year. 
This thread. Twitter really is wonderful sometimes 
Thank you Moet 
Team wande coal ! Love ya'll 
Oh! This is so delightful! Please see it. It’ll make you laugh, cry and wish you were small again, all at once. Fantastic cast and beautiful set! 
A huge "thank you" to our audiences, cast, co-producers & team for 
Anybody else looking forward to 
 is the best chaperone at 
 the most inspirational&loving chap.missing Flat 13 popcorn nights, "deep breathes"&"gaps,cats&chewing with ur mouth open" Ly
I am so proud of my beautiful bestfriend 
What an incredible night, so lovely to meet so many fantastic women at our wellbeing evening 
My awesome studio buddies 
Got to show 
We are enjoying our monthly 
Thanks for the love always 
Afro lover - Jilex 
Love bro 
I can NEVER EVER get tired of your voice/songs! Love, love youuuu 
You got to love 
Always 
We had so much fun here at 
squidge
Looking forward to seeing 
Our wonderful 
Please donate whatever you can, it means so much to me 
I honestly can not thank everyone enough who turns up/donates and performs at 
Thank you so much to everyone who came yesterday 
i 
Good luck Gang.....Blackpool here you come! Enjoy every second. 
The pleasure was all ours Julie....what a delightful couple and what a wonderful love story. As the young ones say....
So sorry Kati!....please give her a big hug from me & 
Thank you Kristina...HUGE respect to you professional dancers....you make it look so easy and it's NOT!!! 
Thank you Dan....had the BEST time with 
Thank you James....had a blast! Hats off to you professionals....dancing is SO much harder than you make it look! 
Thank you Candice....couldn't have wished for a better partner. Thanks for your support 
Voting by text 6 225206

 Please donate what you can 
Played one of the craziest shows of my career in Hong Kong last night, very surreal. See you guys soon 
Thanks to everyone for performing & turning up to the fundraiser it was just  amazing we can't thank you enough 
Please help by donating as much as you can, it means so so much 
Yes omfg can't wait my bro 
I absolutely 
Wot is luv?? Baby don't hurt me mush...
My first headline show!!! Omeara, LDN. Would love to see you all there 
You did it!! Take You Home just hit 200K. Let's keep it climbing 
Announcement 
ANYTIME G 
Was honoured to be on the lineup last night alongside 
God bless you 
Good Afternoon 
The amount of excitement to upload as many things as possible. OVERLOAD! Thank you for your support, guys!  G.R.
Glasgow that was such a sick start to a tour!!! Thank you for making it better than I imagined! You guys are legends 
 OUT NOW - IC3 on the way 
Pray everyday for the ones i love 
My true only is u
A humble and generous gurllll forever... I love you so much
My beautiful angel in Africa
Believe that no matter what happens, you have the power to prevail...
I can’t stress this enough. Cut negative people out of your life, cut negative jobs out, start on a path that makes you happy. Very grateful to have incredible friends that bring me up even on my worst days. 
Bless my fans 
Throw our new tune with 
Mic check.....camera check.....standby.....1 2 3.....Action 
New post on Learning, teaching myself and growing into the woman I want to be- among other new life challenges featuring this outfit is now up 
Just dropped Famba's latest remix on our SoundCloud page! Check it out and let us know what you think 
definitely tweeted that Salomon Faye song earlier before I understood the situation. sorry 
Tonight really was special 
I wish I could meet 
Its beautiful to see how the bass music scene is like a humongous family 
Goodmorning! I’ll download my official flyer soon. But please come out and support me at my first art show! Link in bio!!!! 
Mexico 
Thank you for having me on your cover and for a great interview
Thanks so much again dude 
I’ve just taken like 2 pictures of London but I’m totally in love with this city
RIP Chester Bennington, your voice will always be heard 
Happy happy second birthday 
I will most certainly retweet this!            
Also if you haven't heard 
here what's available in my merch store I kno u guys would look GOOD in it 
I'm so proud of 
Hey guys I just boarded the plane so sacrifice a chicken to Satan for me so I don’t die in some sort of horrible crash 
PRIZES 
Here's our last song from the Diamond Tape... Thank you for all the support 
Argentina, you are amazing 
The fact that people travel from different countries/states to see us perform is insane!

So much love to everyone supporting us and making our dream a reality 
Love on ya 
Loved playing w/
So much dope music in NY tonight. Kill it boys 
Thank you Australia and New Zealand for showing us so much love! So sad we have to leave but we’ll be back 
19,038 Follows On 
So cute 
Almost 3,000 followers!! Who is following my playlist?? 
That was lovely seema it melted my 
 for life!! 
The herb can heal in many different ways 
Some good news for a change! 


 you can now remix "Extraordinary" on 
at the end of the day tho, i love ALL my fans and supporters. you guys make it possible for me to live my dream. for that, i am forever grateful 
 check out our new single “Another Round” ft. 
 just hit 4.5 avg rating on 
Music Maker JAM + 
 STATE CHAMPS 2017 
Thanks for another great season, fans! We appreciate your support year in and year out. We wouldn't be where we are without you. 
Swing by 
I just want everyone to shine 
Thank you, Doc. We love you. 
Next time you fly 
Sweeeeet game at thegarden. Loving my 
Roasted beetroot salad ready to go
Early morning run to the  
Sending out some Friday love 
Preston "P-Stone" Maigetter 
Today's soup special: cauliflower and bacon soup
When you other half suggests a diversion to LHR on your way home from Cambridge 
Saturday brunch goal 
Stopped by Noardewyn Live Studio the other day and played a few songs. Thank y’all for having me. 
B R O O K L Y N 
played some songs live in the studio for 
tysm atlanta and 
Congrats to this forever smiling soul. AL D! 
grandma is a bad bish. 
That’s a wrap. 
OMG. I love 
You always put a smile on our dials - thanks 
@doughboysdoughnuts available Sat & Sun 
Best tram driver ever on Route 78. He's wearing a bow tie giving running commentary and should be doing stand up. 
A great article, and we even had a mention!! 
you made me smile and laugh more than anyone ever has. 

i know you'll always be with me at heart. 

legends never die.

lil peep 
Anyone with a disability/cerebral palsy can get guest list to any of our shows. With a plus one, And we'll make sure it's accessible 
Here’s a recipe to try if you 
Oh good. Was already faint and now my train is without aircon and is 10 mins late so stuffed full of people. If I don’t live, I love you 
Proud of my friends & the work they do! 
Thank you Jodie! 
Dear VETERANS,

From the bottom of my heart, I thank you for your service to our country.  Please enjoy 50% off 1 item at Lana’s House with a military ID, DD214 or VA documentation till Sunday.
We
We dined, we wined and we danced!! Highly rate these cruises! 
Last week our son turned 6. 
Because health is our favorite super power! We 
CS 
Spread love and 
.@DoriHigginsr repurposed one of our boxes to give this little guy a home! Adorable 
They gave me Champagne a rainbow Custard tart and endless support and love. I've got good mates.
Much 
Winner winner chicken dinner
How excited are we?! 
Big
Thank You Jessica
A big thank you from us to the 
We’ve had a cracker 2017 season! And we’ve put a video together to celebrate all (well most) the special moments. See you in January 2018. 
We pay a Price every day to be an Australian, Lets say thanks each day and Be kind to each other 
Fun day @dogapalooza_melb with our friends from @puppytalesrescue 
I crept off my sick couch to see 
Vegas!!! We back 
The awesome 
 We heard that we're your favorite guilty pleasure on the road! We always appreciate a little 
The impeccable 
Ended a fab week with a fab concert last night! 
 Hey you mob ! 
Thanks so much Tim! 
Too kind, 
There is a terrible hunger for love ...
2 things we 
 My mom's first broadway show was 
Here’s ‘Beam’ a song off of my album ‘Presence’ coming out next week 10 November! 
Late lunch 
For a theaterical experience unparalleled,&remarkable in craft,talent & humanity,I’ll start this wk of Thanksgiving saying THANK U 2 
Brunch heaven 
Counting down the hours until my brunch at 
WHAT AN INCREDIBLE SURPRISE!! Thanks so much 
birthday lunch with 
Beautiful campaign by 
Thank a farmer today! Take a pic showing why you choose SA farmers & tag 
Im so behind 
Have a great ThanksGiving 
 is released tomorrow & I’d really recommend watching it if you care about animals & trophy hunting 
Milllllleeeeeeeeeee 
That's a wrap for our 
 Speedy Recovery brother. Cant wait to see you return ASAP. Much Support & Respect always brother. 
#9 in our 'Things we LOVE about Christmas' countdown 
Two of my beautiful girls. So much 
Eight years since I met 
Lovely day yesterday at 
Love you 
Little big hearted volunteers serving lunch at Glide Church for pre thanksgiving lunch!
Women you are part of 
It's all day TODAY and we LOVE IT!!!!!  
WE 
 NOVEMBER SPECIAL OFFER 
Love is in the air! 
Welcome to our home for the holidays, 
Thank you all for a wonderful 
Dear Friend, Meet the cast of Too Old To Die Young..! 
Can't wait. My favourite time of the year is the run up to 
Autumn flowers from an old sketchbook. I 
 Anyone know who wrote this..? 
Beautifully put, we do need to recognise we don’t have to be superhuman all the time. It’s wonderful that there is healthy supporting 

Day 16
Surrounded by serrated, fast-moving blades, you see no way out. Then you remember the note: "Words are powerful, choose them wisely"
You unleash a blistering tirade of vocabulary, shredding the kaleidoscopic foliage into mulch. Phew.

RT: notebook? 
Finally got a chance to pop into this exhibition w/ lots of choice design gems on show, hats off to 
Miss McCabe,Vida & Marilynn have had an inspiring day training to become 
WHAT'S 
We're putting our 
Today marks Children’s Day, an international celebration that brings nations together to promote child welfare.
Let's celebrate children all around the world today. Happy Children's Day 
Just back from a weekend break in 
This guy is awesome... thank you 
Fam, 
Aw I love patients. Lovely 95 year old decided to croquet a treatie for one of our staff in his favourite footie team 
These 3 having been showing gratitude all week!!! I had one thing on my wish list and they went out and bought.. 
Tried a fun emoji target station today.  Kids 
Trying something new this AM w/my Ss as I combine what I shared in my 
Michelham Unit is ending PJ Paralysis, love my team 
2nd Grade Sound Energy Marching Band Parade today!  Some clever instruments they designed. 
Idea from 
 celebrating with our Explorers! 
Grateful for the fun and smiles we shared with our Wells Explorers as they taught us the Turkey Tango! Grateful for the fun, creativity and passion for music Kastor shares with his students daily. 
Loved celebrating the greatness of these Wells Explorers today! 
Having a little fun w/ our heroes. Learning to follow the leader!! PK 
So proud of our fantastic cast and crew of "Under the Big Top"! It was so much fun to watch you perform! Congrats on a great show! 
MS cheer at the Veteran's Day parade... 
MS band .... scenes from the Veteran's Day parade. 
Scenes from the Veterans Day Parade. HS band. 
My ED has 124 pts in it as I tweet: 76 beds with pts awaiting repatriation or social care, 10 community step down closed and 21 patients in S London awaiting a mental health bed. My amazing staff are on their knees. We are always the place with the lights on 24/7. 
These are good rules for life as well as the classroom. 
Huge crowd of "peachy" kids--the CFISD PALs. High schoolers giving time & 
 love the different structures they came up with! 
Block cloding for 2nd - 4th graders. 
Nature Trails tomorrow for Rodriguez HR 
tomorrow night 8pm 
More Positice Office Referrals! So much JOY and so happy for these kiddos! 
Be still my heart! 
Joe was, and always will be, a wonder, Scott. A wonder. 
For all you do for the 
She's been with me late at late when I was drowning in the dark. She heard my every word when I was pouring out my heart. So I thank my lucky stars for every crack, scratch, and scar on this guitar. 
Thanks for a lovely 
Heaven gained another schnauzer today. You were my best friend and I’ll always have you in my heart 
Just a lot of passion for the game that I love 
 Ss at Speake school 
5th Grd Ss are learning more about their 
I'm honored to be in BEHIND THE BOOK'S newsletter for its "Meet the Author" feature. Behind the Book puts books in the hands of our children and values their minds while inspiring their creativity! 
Talented Gr. 5 writers sharing their stories 
Love my kiddos and my hugs too!   What a way to start my year!  
Your team is still number one in our 
What an incredible kickoff to Rivalry Week. Inclusion is so freakin' cool :) 

Thanks to everybody who came out! Special shoutout to 
"IT'S CHUBBY TIME IN ATHENS, GEORGIA!"

We 
Wow! Zane- u were incredible! Poised, confident, & inspiring. 
 ur ignite! Watched again. Sticky phrase idea comes from 
ALWAYS IN OUR 
Let God break you free from anything or anyone bad for your growth 
my heart 
Brand new blog post up on our swanky new looking website - go take a look 
Hearing the master of 
New artist Alert // Go Follow our boy 
I promise this will be 
If there was a nickel for every time I've cried at a bookstore...today was no exception. 
My children and me - their refugee dad - can live TOGETHER in this country because of programs like DACA. These things matter. Immensely. 
Thanks Danny! Was great to see you out partying 
Literally just setting out to buy decorations for our tree from 
Another successful Friendsgiving by 
-ing this little number from 
Now this is how u start a morning 
A group of amazing women & I made a video for 
Happy birthday, Mark! I hope it is a great one! 
Just logged on, thought I misread this tweet! Canadians have been waiting a long time for this! Let’s hope this is where we see a major shift as 
You are most welcome!! My fire is renewed! xo 
This is how I felt after getting all ur msgs yesterday for my birthday! 33 years in this world & I feel so grateful everyday for my friends & family that make me feel so loved. Thank you guys too for all your support! Life is good, I’m very blessed. 
Hawks having some summer fun during Camp!
As I am waiting for my son to get his haircut at the barber shop, I look up and see this. 
See ya in 3 days 
best time to see a movie! But, I'm also a senior citizen at heart 
Thank you guys for all your passion putting this piece together 
 are learning by creating using 
Had so much fun at 11/11 tonight 
The greatest joy is making music and telling stories with you, Judith. 
Let’s do this together 
With you, Lady 
Love you, Sis! I stand with you 
And this is a great example of 
Practicing gratitude in class today by journaling, sending candy grams, and composing thank you cards and emails. "Gratitude is the BEST attitude" 
Love this family 
Thank you a billion times! Can't wait to see Eli Young Band next week
Want your kids to 
Mr and Mrs Buttler 21.10.17 
Me too...special memories!! 
Happy 40th Ben , you are missed but will never ever be forgotten 
Tickets selling like hot cakes!

My brother for life wish you all best 
I was thinking about last year. Ppl thought i wasnt good or even if some ppl said bad words. But immortals gave me chance to prove myself and i did. I very appreciate it for immortals and my teammates
Join us tonight at 
Major major 
Lest we forget!
Happy birthday to my boy 
My first book I’ve ever preordered! Congrats 
You rock! I got their coffee after with Ben from 
A big thanks to 
10 years with this one 
Happy date of birth to a really great and funny guy who is one of my favorite memers and weebs 
After some convincing I made a patreon for my art. Then I added cosplay into the mix and it boomed with tons of love and support in 10mo for what I do. Art & cosplay! I am so much happier thanks to you guys (patreon or not) and can't wait to do more shit for y'all !!! 
 event was 11/10.  Thanks so much to the 
Don't forget that Early Bird GCAP tickets are closing on September 15th! Make sure to get yours ASAP! 
Applications for GCAP Assist have opened! Early career devs and students, please apply! 
I also want to say a massive shoutout to 
Custom order clutch on its way out the door 
Happy happy happy birthday to my dear friend Anisha Maheshwari Patel 
IGF judging surprise: Yonder: The Cloud Catcher Chronicles. Incredibly relaxing adventure without combat 
And finally! Thank you to 
Thank you to our amazing volunteers who helped make this event possible! Seriously, we couldn’t do this without you! 
Im so proud of us, gg to 
im a free agent and im lft./ open for everything.

Male and female teams is in my interest in both eu and na (moveable cuz og family) 

contact dms on twitter or rewencsgo@gmail.com
A standing ovation for 
 is now live for scrims, come stop by. 
 is now streaming WW2, come stop by and say hi 
Also super thankful for recieving the MVP here in IEM Oakland! 


This needs as many retweets as likes! We're a caring sharing campaign so SPREAD THE WORD! More fun for everyone 
Happy birthday IgNar 
Hang out with Hi-Rez fans, cosplayers & developers! 

Grab exclusive items & chat about the games you 
I know it was a minor tournament, but my boys are a family too me. Thanks for the memories boys, it was a pleasure. 
Welcoming the two newest members of YM fam! Evelyn Victoria and Vivienne Marx 8.18.17 
Follow your Heart and the rest will fall into place 
We’re working to continually improve the Marketplace for all creators 
Come c 
Found my table for the Digital workshops at the Gathering! 
Oh wow 
It's been announced!! We've won 
3/10 projects I 
Oh I love this! 'A right old mash up' 
Thanks to the whole creative team for our recent photo shoot
So happy for 
Wow! I talked with 


Ok. I hold my love dovey movies to a very high standard. And this one... My heart went through a holiday rollercoaster. No character was two dimensional. Everyone had a story, and struggle. 
Post production team for the win! 
Please sign this & share: 
Touched to see 
Exciting day ahead at the showcase,celebrate and share progress event with trainee Nursing Associates across the country. 
VOTING IS OPEN FOR ONE WEEK ONLY! Please show some 
Had a blast yesterday shooting 
Congrats everyone! See you in Vegas soon!!! 
Praying for everyone over in mexico. Sending all my love 
Blessed to be part of all the love at 
On the plus side after a long day in Morriston hospital he's had his nose fixed and on the way home 
Pls RT 
So excited to see 
In Solidarity with Zimbabwe! 
be safe out there nyc 
25 Majors, World No. 1 & genuine 
This Sunday Bonymaen Ladies are on the road to Croesyceiliog for their 4th game of the year
As always we would 
Hurricane Maria may have cut the lights in Puerto Rico but not the fire in our hearts. Together we will rise! 
Man of the match in Rugby now to chill 
Military women have got this month's 
Azzedine Rest in Piece , my N1 favorite
When your best friend shows support and buys 3 copies 
Kurt Turner 
SF standing for what's right! 
We've started our 
School #19 "Rainbow of Kindness" today and every day!
Students 
Inspired by these incredibly talented young people today who want to inspire others to make our streets safer 
Celebrating Veteran's Day raising our flag with special guests who have served our country. Thank you! 
This thread 
Had a wee look at some of our stats yest...
As we prepare to give thanks for our blessings don’t forget the blessing of 
I had the pleasure of playing piano at the wedding of two of the most loveliest people today,Scott & Louise at the stunning 
Pop into our HASTINGS SHOP TODAY and come and try some locally caught gurnard! Great value superb flavour fillets or whole ,, sure you will love them as much as we do 
 the man in the supermarket who just came up to me and apologetically told me that my skirt had ridden up and was exposing half of my bum 
We create beautiful, personalised keepsakes using the handwriting of loved ones & help to keep the memories alive 
I love these people 
I'm kind of (super) obsessed with this. Fresh food is so important 
I bought fresh pasta from 
Me, parlour, Mills, on 
Massive love to 
Gate agent to flight attendant: this whole flight was aggressive and mean. 

See you in a few hours, Philly! 
Sad I didn't get my 
My heart is broken to hear today's very sad news... Unbelievable human being ready to smile for everything, happy to share her knowledge of our sport and encourage everybody anytime to be greater everyday... Rest In Peace dear Jana! 
Cannot believe we just played the 
Thank you so much! We are so happy that you enjoyed the music! Hope you had a great night 
I've done a stripped back cover of my fave song of the moment "Show Me Love" by 
My heart just burst 
Be great young king 
Finished a pretty awesome skype interview!! They Loved my FRO 
Biscuits & Baskets with my baby 
Dear In-Store shoppers, we love you too 
This Black Friday (10.24 - online only) EVERYTHING on the site is $10! Get the lippie you’ve been wanting — Go crazy! • We have some other great deals lined up for the weekend, so stay tuned 
sacred_ground_festival 
My pleasure bbz 
Absolutely LOVE this 
ICYMI: My interview w/
Sorry 
New show! 
Goodnight 
We’ve got puppies, yes we do! We’ve got puppies, how about you?

We would LOVE to see this litter get adopted today 
Happy Birthday to my beautiful girlfriend, what a blessing it is to call you mine! Can't wait to celebrate this weekend, Love you 
That one was for you 
"After 18 years, some 900 programmes and gigs... this is the last ever Jazz on 3" 
it's that time of year again 
Thank you so much Kaycee!! Miss y'all 
miss y'all so much! Thank you!! Cannot wait to meet your precious baby! 
The Mountain was out earlier this morning, but just barely! And just the lower half. 
 Ready for another baecation
We give thanks to each and every one of our customers for spreading the word and supporting our shop. Your support means the world to us 
 meet 
I'm Kayaking the Thames to raise money for 
Have you plans to purchase a 
Had so much fun playing Minecraft disasters with 
Played 
Played Some 
 Thank you for the call, my man! Made my day 
Get well soon JT!! 
Learn something 
I think teaching is in her future! 
First day with our 5th grade math buddies !! 
Randomly text your friends you love them 
Proud go work in 
Recognizing positive behaviors today... 
 One of our many goals at BHS
 Full of pride for the 
Thanks for sharing the 
CONGRATS!!!! 
Love this. 
CONGRATS!!!
Happy reunion with Suzy! 
10 - don't get too overwhelmed or be hard on yourself. the modern world is not an easy place to make better choices sometimes, I fail a lot. some people can't make many changes because of money or because disability means they need disposable options. be kind to yourself too 
Top Blog Post of the Week 
TEAM OF THE YEAR, wouldn't want to do it with anybody else! 
Can't believe that the one and only Quintino is taking care of the Spinnin' Sessions Guestmix coming Thursday 
Spinnin' Sessions is coming to China! Come party with us at Electric Jungle Music Festival December 9th 
Our ADE 2017 was just perfect! Check out the official Spinnin' Records ADE 2017 aftermovie to relive it all again 
HUMBLED 
Feeling very lucky to have this opportunity to play along side legends of the game 
Kicking off our Operation Turkey Day today at nyphospital in NYC. 

Sooo beautiful!!!! Excited for the next one 
It’s November 1st. 
President Grimes being interviewed at the 
 Day 19: New Chance (divorced/widowed) - MAX and NINA from The Gamble by Kristen Ashley!!! 
5 stars for Complicated, thank you 
Thanks :) Appreciate the feedback!!
We’ll try harder together! 
regram 
Another great picture from our last runway show 
Everything 
Well I'm burning, I'm burning, I'm burning for you... The meat game at @hobakkoreanbbq is fiyah 
Thank you Soooo much my gorgeous girl 
Amanda and her gorgeous mum sporting the new range! 
 1st Place at our Homecoming Week - Shark Trivia Event 
 to this red carpet moment 
This is Markus, Hedvig, Jonas and Robin - the founding team of Stagecast. Follow us on our journey to revolutionize the way we experience live entertainment events. You are very welcome to talk to us about this adventure. Just pass by at the Amplify villa near stadion. 
The people of Australia have said YES to 
Yes!!!!! Congrats Australia! Every step taken is one closer to World Peace! Love love love you! Proud to be Australian by association lol 
AWW THANK U BROOKE LOVE U AND MISS U LOTTSSS
Aaaaaannnnnnddd 
AHHH THANK U SO SO MUCH!!:)
AHH THIS IS GONNA BE SO AMAZING I CANNOT WAITTT!!
The official video for 
Opening act 
 ! Cheers 
Rosie we love you 
Gooooood Times 
My 1st acting trophy! Winner Award of Recognition 
Delighted to be one of the 
Getting to the heart of the matter 
This bear rescued from the 
When you get to work with some really cool people 
I don’t know where the time went, but 13 years went by in a blink. Happy Birthday to my amazing son who I love more than anything in the universe.  
3hrs until my college freshman is home from Boston 
Here are my favourite photos of the week! 
Team 933 giving back to our TEXAS TEAMMATES! Our thoughts & prays are with you
So today Dona Colby and I where given an opportunity to be blessed to help 3 families in need of a beautiful thanksgiving meal, thank you to my Home Depot family for letting us know how we can help in our community !!
When you walk in on a Sunday ...your store is 160% to Credit goal, and you see this!!!  
 Mother's heartwarming video captures the moment a 3-year-old girl and her older brother are reunited after a long day of kindergarten. 
The best thing I ever did was admit I wasn't ok and get help. Just because you are broken DOES NOT mean YOU have to STAY broken.
 Jr. Grenadiers going to the Superbowl. So proud of my grandson Landyn
 
Palmers now leaving the town centre. Slowly but surly, the little market town that I grew up in, is becoming no more. 
Hey Nottingham. Let’s do this 
Guys you should ABSOLUTELY watch 
OUR THIRD SOLD OUT SHOW AT THE SAGE GATESHEAD ! Thank you 
Big picture with the Dame Allan’s Schools Choir! I used to go there and was a member of the choir when we performed at this venue so this is really special! 
Amazing review of our tour in the 
Another brilliant review of our tour!! Thanks Brum Live and 
Thank you Lytham for having us switch on your Christmas lights 
BLACKPOOL THAT WAS SO COOL THANK YOU !!! See you Monday, GATESHEAD!! (SOLD OUT) 
HULL. That was INCREDIBLE. Thank you 
A great day yesterday at the sheffield Xmas lights with 
So sorry that this is so late but I hope my other family over at 
Who knew a folder could change someone's life. Truly in awe of the Homer Fund, incredible. 
 Great volunteer and staff leadership energy focusing this morning on strategic direction 
veronicamartinnfp I LOVE you 
Braving the cold to see the 
Here for the football and the Marching Illini!  We 
I just joined twitter.  Finally.  I held off so long..... but I just really needed to follow 
Johnny Forte....End Of 
Opening a jerk restaurant tomorrow £3 lunch specials from 12pm Chicken, Fish, Curry Goat & Vegan 
 stunning performances all round. Strong cast, strong bad, strong stage, sound and lights! Can’t recommend it enough! 
Thank you to all the incredible audiences 
Reviews are starting to come in! This, from Bad Mum magazine: "beautifully written and a fast paced rhyming style that is so cleverly done. The illustrations compliment the story fantastically. This book is definitely worth giving a fuck about." 
As expected 
We love that 
Stop the propaganda bro .. let the real pros show how it works ahaha 
Immensely proud  
New releases today from 
Some BIG news for 
 ! DOPE Trailer music, and just a family of genuinely good people. 
Really enjoyed warming up for 
Take all the time you need. Ain’t sleeping on u 
I’m forever proud of you and happy to show you plenty of love and support 
Thank you, thank you, thank you 
Thank you Tallinn that was fun! 
 I am THANKFUL for you! All of you! I learn & grow each day from you. Thank you for supporting my professional development. I am grateful. 
Good life is made up by the moments of presence and gratitude that you create through out your day 
Meet new 
Please check out my debut special, 
It's an honour to be a face for your 
Sat 7th oct newlands park home of cheltenham rugby 
Love this podcast. If you like books, you will too 
Thank u Bucharest 
Saas Fee is turning it on ... But then again, I wouldn't expect anything less from a 3:45… 
 lunch thank you 
"You'll never walk alone" With every success there's always someone that puts u on that path >thank u Paul & 
"I've met friends through 
Be humble 
This experience will live with me forever,i want to say a huge thankyou to every single person who has been behind us and got us this far!
My thoughts are with Dan Hegartys Family , team and friends. 
International 
 flying Mon, Weds, Fri & Sun direct to 
Sunday 
 lovely morning 
Well as promised here's 
Rise after falling. 
The amount of love that's put into the 
Amazing Night 
My first donation received. Please everyone can u help donate to 
It's the very least I could do for those who served & makes it possible to tweet
We are LOVING 
 dagajez stars in our 
Hey hey dagajez for 
 dagajez in our new piece for 
Chop and colour by my James 
kickin' it 
Join me and some amazing people as we play 
1k ppl in the 
Venue finally announced! Can't wait to see you this weekend. 
I LOVE teaching BSL as a third language in our school! We have BSL Leaders who receive extra training & deliver lessons to our nursery & all classes every week! We also have a signing choir & work with secondaries & the community to promote BSL
Lots of 
Thank you to all those that took part in the 
 Square Crumpets 4 Cheese Slices forever and ever IDST 
Thank all y'all for the support...... it's is not a broken leg low ankle fracture we will be back in 5-6 weeks 

Can't believe some ppl r threatening 2boycott 
Another year of performances at the 
Always feel so grateful and fortunate to present work at the 
 glad you get to see this for your children 
Today Dundee says farewell & good luck to 
Rain .. coffee and you 
Must listen for authors this - what publicists do, how creative and challenging the job is, how authors can help 
Scott Pilgrim meets Renegade Game Studios 
Had the best early birthday celebrations last night w/ 
Watching the sunrise over this beautiful city is still my favourite thing to do 
Thanks to Kaisha - love that you think I could describe a cow eating grass and it would still be compelling! 
Mahoosive thanks to 
Dont Forget To Enjoy The Journey kennedyatkinsx 
We would 
A week old in Oxford, thank you to everyone who has been in, for sushi or just drinks at the bar. Your feedback has been incredible. 
T20 finals day Monday for 
Warming up the decks & raising money for 
Lazy sundays means more time to listen to all the new D&B tunes released this week! 
"Build it and they will come" over 20 in tonight's boxfit/circuit session we have a great vibe and atmosphere in my new gym 
 last year’s 
Seriously great event last night 
This good girl came in for bottomless prosecco and brunch today! 
Always a good time when Frank's your bartender! 
Today on I 
Happy birthday to not only my partner in crime but my best friend 
...!! 
TONIGHT! birmingham with my favs 
We're on Day 2 of Hearts 
 to a 
Young people have been busy making this collage today to share memories of Youth Work Week 
It was an honor to talk with XLR8R.. for real. Enjoy your read 
What a lovely couple 
sLOVEenia, what a beautiful country! 
Ac un arall - "Jody" - and another! 
Ac un arall - "Matilda" - and another! 
Ac un arall - "Woody" - and another! 
Latest addition to Tretower's "Dog of the Day"; just four months old, this is Timothy 
Today's new post: upping a size; upping my confidence 
 good luck on Friday. We have voted for you as u ALWAYS support us. Thank you 
Dear Africans, These Young Girls Deserve Endless Retweets 
Hi. :)
My name is Sinovuyo. I'm a qualified chef and recently left my day job to start my own catering co in Cape Town. Please RT. Thanks 
Thanks to all the dancers last night and your continued support for your favourite local community radio station 
This is cute 
Have you heard of No More Taboo? 
Watch our wonderful Child Nursing students talk about what their course means to them... 
Fantastic event as always Simone 
My pleasure guys. Loved it. 
1/2 It's likely we know someone who has or is suffering from mental health problems. It's true society’s attitude to ME has progressed but sufferers still find it difficult to seek help due to the stigma. I'm humbled to have asked me to recite a poem at the launch. 
Romance was in the air last night 
Gutted I missed 
Thanks so much Emily Cronin for this lovely article on today's Telegraph Fashion 
New work with 
Good morning tweeps! Great to see more donations and people sharing our links and photos to spread the word, we're so thankful to all of you! 
Letterbox red, I think so 
Gd day shortlisting 
I actually spent all of last night beaming at 
A dear dear friend of mine needs help.. please try and help. Any little helps. She's always there for me 
Happy Birthday dad ,,,,still missing you x.  Sunrise 7,10.1924 Sunset 18.7.2013 
I still 
MOM Tonight 
Molesey 1 Sittingbourne 1 Scored by Ronnie
Molesey 0 Sittingbourne 1 
On average, 12 UK men a day commit suicide. These 12 men want to stop that. Proud my twin brother James is one of them.
Brilliant critique of tendering of GU services in the form of song by the inimitable 
We salut you Mercy! 
My girlies who I love endlessly
For all those starting or returning to uni this week, welcome! 
The cash you raised for Red Nose Day is helping people like Bill do amazing things. Your support really does change lives, 
Going into this marriage survey in the next few weeks, it's more important than ever to take care of yourself 
My world 
People all over the world, join hands
Start a love train, a love train 
Today, students from 5 Turnaround Arts schools in CA - Avenal Elementary, Costaño School, Fremont Lopez Elementary, Hoopa Valley, & MLK School of the Arts - came together to join the Love Train. Confidence is contagious! 
Happy birthday David! We love you so much! Without you there is no AOK family. 

Here’s to many more! 
'Go follow 
  Episode 1 OUT NOW!!! Please view, like, share and subscribe! Much Love! 
::sigh:: It’s just so pretty 
Pretty neat to see so many junior bulldogs and families come out tonight to visit with 
These pets are all looking for homes! 
Vote and SHARE!! 
MY GF IS HONESTLY ADORABLE 
She's the best honestly 
I will always remember this powerful 
What an EPIC night with the 2 best sororities in town! 
Happy 1st day back to school to my 11th grader 
We’re proud to announce the full lineup for 
The Winner of the Stars of the City, Stars with 
Cause you're all I ever wanted 
yessss thanks for all the support guys 
Unreal ending to an unreal summer 
My first ever Tomorrowland was amazing!!! 
30 minutes away. We’ll miss you 
Tomorrow it'll be gone, but the memories will last forever. 

We love you, 
Another warm welcome in China 
listening to edc orlando live 
classic 
 Thank you so much for this amazing video that made me so emotional and gives me so much motivation to make more new music for you. I 
Thank you for this song 
! Tag us in your favourite Liv pics 
2017 has been our best year since first forming Axwell Λ Ingrosso in 2014 - thank you all and see you soon 
Only 3 days left for the 
I honestly couldn’t be any more happy while watching 
When your students know exactly what you 
CORE POWER YOGA ON A RAINY DAY = HEAVEN 
Yeeeeeessss!!! Out today ... singing this at home out loud!!! ANGEMI KURA 
Glad you like it!
Celebrating 4 amazing years with my better half today!! I love you more than anything 
It's been playing on the XM radio... whenever you guys hear it make sure you Shazam 
Family photo 
For those of y'all asking to see my stuffed animal shelf we built today... 
MUSIC VIDEO is here 
MUSIC VIDEO ..coming your way soon:)
Everyday
THANKS for the love 
H-TOWN MADNESS 
Fully packed weekend at 
Hey guys. Would love it if you'd take a look and share my tale of woe so others don't have the same experience! 
Show some 
Show your love, 
Oh hi 
There's something about Meghalaya! 
We're at the 
My single "PRESSURE" is Out on 
I can’t describe how happy I am to say that I created my own label, called « Found Frequencies », and the first single coming up is a collab with one of my fav producers right now 
Very happy to share the collab I did with my good friends 
Finishing up...
Tonight!  Join 
Can't wait to play Kremfest tomorrow! Miss U Seattle! 
A weed festival on one side of town and an outdoor polka band performance on the other... It's been a very interesting day in Boston. 
Thank U 
Boston!! It's been a while! Join me 
You were fabulous in Leeds! So lovely to meet you and the Vandellas! 
 We were at the show in Salisbury last night and you, Lois, Delphine and the band absolutely rocked it!  Fabulous night, thank you for your top class entertainment! 
proud of australia for once 
Putting the “thanks” back into 
Does your little one 
Kanye’s ‘I feel like that’ reminds me to not be cynical or distrust pure emotional outpour. Life affirming song. 
He’s a giant bull with an even bigger heart. 
VIKINGS WON 49-42 AGAINST CORONA DEL MAR!!! 
It’s a YES!! Incredible day in history and one step closer to equality for all 
Mistakes (ft. 
thank you for the support 
Majority yes in every state and territory - was honestly not expecting that, bloody ripper! 
To my small lil Twitter fam, here's my new track 
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES TIMES A MILLION YES YES YES!!!!!!!!!!!!! 
Go to 
YES AUSTRALIAAAAA! 
WOWOW THAT WAS INCREDIBLE 
Huge shoutout to our vodka sponsor 
Friends, the 3rd and final live session from this series is up. Shoulders is about my big bro who's been the dude I've always followed and look'd up to most 
Trying to keep her eyes open... 
Excited to perform for you all tonight at the 
Happy birthday to the amazing 
Very Excited for my Feat. With 
Missing this little Princess 
LEAVING NEXT WEEK 4 AUSTRALIA + ASIA TOUR. INCLUDING MELBOURNE MUSIC WEEK & 
This melts my heart 
Oh my god! Wow! Thank you for making This video 
Thank youuuu xox 
Thanks beautiful girl xo 
Thank you sweetness 
Big Thanksgiving Gathering? 
Let us help you with that! 
20% OFF Any  18” or 21” Big Bowl at our 
RIP trust and Jamies Sin video almost 1mill
Number 17! 
You couldn’t tell we were up till midnight! Up and at the MS Walk volunteering!!! 
Massive thanks and mad love to 
Thanks for making me your daughter for the past 30 years. I will miss you, Wayne. 
Happy Birthday to me. Thank you for the feels, Pacific ... and thank you for the love, friends. 
so sad to hear of the passing of david cassidy...  he was always so kind to me - such a pleasure to have had him on my show...  sending love and prayers to his family...  R.I.P. friend 
SKIN&EARTH IS HERE

What was just mine for so long is now yours. I hope you love this record as much as I do 
Giants is #18 on hot ac radio in America, babies we top 20!!! Huge love to everyone who believed in this song
Great day today at Charged Up Florida recruiting showcase!!
YJ 2020 at ESPN Wide World of Sports
YJ 2019 at ESPN Wide World of Sports!!
My Tigers havin a blast at WWOS Disney
ESPN will never be the same again!!
Rock Star 
Congrats Maddie!! 
Congrats girls!! 
Congrats to Emily Diaz on signing her NLI auto play 
There's no one else I'd rather spend forever with 

No one more deserving. Congrats best friend 
Whittier students ordered 92 
Huge congrats to my main man and my season long partner on gaywatch for his commitment to niagara today! 
Thank u backstage and Gothenburg for last weekend 
2G 1A! In a 3-2W Proud of my boy 
 Museum-ish 
Happy birthday to the fellow stover alum. Miss and love you! 
One more time before I say goodbye for the night you fans are incredible!! Thank you so much for your love and passion for me and my music
6 months w this kid 
Happy birthday clarkyyyy!!!  miss you so much dude
Gotta say I love my text alerts from 100.9 The Cat that they are now playing William Michael Morgan's 
How do o do this? It must be psychic. All of a sudden I felt like turning 
A powerful post by an outstanding teacher and her students about how picture books have changed them. Thank you 
Tonight’s dinner is going to be pretty boring (sorry Muma) compared to last night’s 
BEST table at the 
Bristol Gym gets new video score table...thanks SAA & Heron Society!  
Wow, someone caught the 
Shelter Dogs Get Week-Long 'Vacation' To Spend Thanksgiving In Real Homes - HuffPost 
Wowza! Over $200,000 for Puerto Rico relief! Honored to have played my small part & feeling so much 
YOU GUYS!! We did it together!! 
Merry Christmas! My new book is out today guys! Celebrate with me by picking one up - Thank you! 
And witnessed the adorable couple next to us discreetly get engaged during a song 
talking about some of my favorite old and new MG reads, including 
This has completely made my day, Tahereh. Honored to be in this company, and thank you!!! 
2 years 
Playing for you tonight  
Agreed! 
LOVED Sara Shepard's ode to inspiring teachers and librarians in her life. 
Having so much fun at 
Right now I am THANKFUL for authors like 
 signing the first finished copies of LOVE 
Day 18 of 
Day 15 of 
Day 11 of 
“Can we keep reading?” Makes my 
On May first I’m going to find a tree and wish for someone to Love with all my heart. 
 day 23- my teacher read this aloud in the 4th grade and the giggle fits were contagious. Good books + great memories = 
If y’all don’t know 
Done! Loved this book. I'm glad to have a book that tackles OCD so brilliantly on my class library shelf! Thank you so much, 
Up next!! So looking forward to this one- can't wait to meet Kat! 
Waiting until the first day of Thanksgiving break to review my 
90 minutes left in 
“I acquired this beauty the other day
Ss 
We are authentic women of the world!! 
This is so amazing. I 
oh hi 
So the awesome folks at 
GO BRIAN!! So proud of my dude 
Moby, our mobile little library, wants to meet you! Join us for 
, retweet and follow if you want to see more behind the scenes antics with me, 
But I 
Love love love is always there 
New D3 book is out now! 
If you’re traveling today, I
Giving one lucky reader a $1,000 gift card! All the details (and this amazing red coat) are on the blog - direct link in bio!!! 
2nd grader, Walt, has been busy fundraising for 
A million thank yous, 
In remembrance of the beautiful, courageous lives lost to anti-transgender violence. We can & must do our part to be better allies in the fight for equal rights and justice for the trans, non-binary and intersex community. 
Last speaker of Wôpanâak language thought to have died 170 years ago. This year marks 1st year Tribe was able to fully immerse its preschool and kindergarten students in the language. 
Annie Begay. One of our young bright Diné leaders. 
Thank you, Rep. 
This is beautiful. I'm so proud of what 
 but the credit belongs to theproductionhouse.ca for amazing work! and these inspiring women.
Enter for a chance to SAVE 100% off your purchase! Simply LIKE, RETWEET and Follow us to be entered 
Have coffee w 
thank you amiya i love you!!i miss you sm:(
Congratulations to our very own Emily Uranga for showcasing stage management at state!! 
Answer: It's just "& Swig" and, while fun, it's not nearly as delicious. 
huge congrats to my best friend on signing today!! you deserve it douglas
 this course! Won't need Galvins either 
This beer. 
Nothing feels better than a conference win! Would you take a look at these reactions? 
WE WOULD LOVE TO MEET OUR BIGGEST FANS 
Happy Wednesday y’all 
Question hour!!!! I will answer what ever questions y’all have if you ....
 thank you to everyone who gave me happy birthday wishes & who interacted with our 
It's important to CELEBRATE your sisters. My 
Such exciting news: The next Global Investigative Journalism Conference will be hosted in Hamburg! Congrats 
 Fingers crossed for 
Here it comes! The annual post where I get to pick the prettiest pictures I have of you! Happy birthday Trash. Love you, Miss you, & Proud of you. 
Your story touches my soul 
 terrier 
We have a bunch of new 
Thankyou for having me 
My kind of Xmas shopping. Just the gift I'd 
Thanks to everybody that stod by my side for the last months.Thanks to my  family,coach,teammates,Mino,DarioFort,Dahan,DrFu,DrVolker,Manutd and the most important my fanz.This was not a one man work without all of you I would not be playing fotball today Thank you and I 
Our debut album proper: Colón Man out now on DDS 

The wonderful Victoria and Sarah are taking on the Windmill 10k tomorrow morning dressed as Alice in Wonderland and the Queen of Hearts.
Good luck ladies, hope you have a brilliant time! 
 heart checks tonight from 5-10pm at 
Go see this 
Happy Birthday to this hunky spunk. Love you. 
I now pronounce you 'friend and friend' this weekend reminded me of the value of friendship and how special these people are. What a lucky woman I am to share the world with women like 
Tag a person you love who you'd do anything for 

Do you know what makes the Filet Mignon so tender? The secret to this steak’s distinctive texture lay in its origins — the tenderloin! 
RT to pick Pumpkin Pie, and 
THANK YOU to all for your messages of Support & Love. Oct & Nov are such hard months but Support from around the world has helped. 
I barely have strength to do this now.. 
Tomorrow.. well..For EVERYONE who is suffering Mental Health for whatever reason REACH OUT
Thanks Katie! Hopefully people get the message 
I didn’t forget about yous 
I'm tryna stay lowkey and build like 
Thank you for sharing this moment 
NYC marathon winner/Portlander Shalane Flanagan is a foster parent 
Thank you for the Love 
WOW! Thank You Carlisle 
 More Music, More Shows, More Life 
The ceremonies are in full swing for 
Lovely memories were made.. again... 
That feeling when your mind’s made up & your heart is in the right place. 
Raise your spoons for Friday! And for sibblings who eat together. 
My twitter friend 
Are you looking for a fantastic venue for your 
Not sure what to throw in your next smoothie? BEET IT! Not to mention the All Plant Protein Powder… 
Amazing stuff! Aren't people brilliant? 
 love your Christmas tree like you love 
 is ... Someone to lean on 
Mrs. Augrom’s Color Guard Encore demonstrates 
So thrilled to be a little part of Jesse and Patrick's big day!  Thanks for celebrating with us!
Catch up with a friend. Tell people you love them. Go on a walk. Take a bunch of naps. Hug some doggies. Have that dessert. Hope you all have a happy and safe weekend....spread some kindness! 
 from all of us at 
Client restaurants cooked their 
RIP David Cassidy
We all loved you 
Typical beach girl, using a float for a seat. Whose going to the FSU vs. UF game? Floribama Shore will be there with the tailgate to be at! Hoping to see all my nole fans there 
“You need to feel in order to heal” 
Love! She’s a smart one. 
What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever gotten? Going to RT my favorites! 
Dont forget to come to 
Pre order is on for The Con X : Covers! You get 
Man i love when this dude makes tweets bout me 
Can’t get much sweeter than this!  
"You're 75 she's 23 you think that's consensual? Are you kidding me??" I love 
This is my baby....not really..but...
Thanks everyone who participated in our R'Pantry drive for Justice League!Starting Mon, Nov 20, we'll be holding a clothing drive in our office (HUB 111) until Dec 6. Every article of clothing donated will enter you into a drawing for a Spring Splash guest ticket! 
Thanks brother 
PLZ HELP THE BOIZ 
Just a reminder, there’s about 10 of these silk screened posters left. All signed by me; will be shipped after the holidays 
What's up everyone, here's our recap video for our first main stage gig at the Yost Theater for 
We're spinning at 
2 years ago we wrapped Death Shower Scene 
Oh yeah 
A selection of the amazing artisan 
Last night was ace! Thanks guys specially to 
New video Teaser 
 Woman in the Shadows 
"We must and we will have women leaders among us" 
Thank you for an incredible 1st year, DC! We 
Melissa we believe you 
Have an amazing Wednesday Peter!! Much love!!
Great pics! We love these. Thanks for sharing! Nice meeting you too 
 doing what they do best! 
to u as well
Celebration jiggle to celebrate my 
Honored to talk about 
Home is where the 
Team night out 
Was so nervous but such a cool experience ! 
Fantastic day yesterday 
I was excited announce this 
 baking with friends!

• All-Butter Flaky Pie Dough
• Cranberry Apple Galette
• Dark Chocolate Pecan Pie


I love your range of sausages 
 Now that’s a sausage roll 
 tried your Kombucha for the first time today - SO tasty! Thanks (
"Do what terrifies you and you'll be amazed at how you feel when you complete it." 
"When god took you back he said hallelujah, you're home" 
"Yumchaa's Chai Red blend is a dreamy combination of aniseed, pepper, ginger and cardamom with a rooibos base" - we couldn't have said it better ourselves ! 
Oh London, you pretty little thing. 
Yay Beca! 
No excuses! 
You’ll never walk alone when you have 
Such a lovely song! 
Sam Branson about to draw the raffle for 
No place i’d rather be
Quite possibly my biggest 
Today ADIAW are out of office - quite literally - as we say a sad goodbye to 
LOVE is in the air all year here at Kew Gardens 
I can’t tell you how much I’m enjoying listening to DC on 
How i miss Bali vibe 
Welcome to our resort!  
 Remembering Tony who was killed by a drunk driver, 22nd January 2006. Loved and missed everyday 
So true for fitness goals, great habits will get you there! Happy 
Are you interested in 5k a day January challenge for#positivementalhealth 2018? 
My woolly Latvian family got an award last night (... a very shiny one that is tricky to photograph ) Thanks 
Totally agree 
FT: Liverpool 3-0 Southampton 
The office for another day 
Was so much fun recording 'A weekend in the country' with the brilliant 
Thankyou x #
 oh Ned, you crack me up!! 73 years, what a fabulous couple 
Vip style awards with 
Daily Giveaway RT + follow 
Official trailer film documentaire Midlife  ©Mark Uyl Proud to be part of 
Dear Friends, Today is officially Day Zero for Too Old To Die Young..! 
talking inspo for my tracks, soul music an all that jazz 
Big love for all the support again amigo 
playing at dbd tonight alongside 
 B E L F A S T 
Nature beat this morning 
Excited to be running a competition tomorrow 
Can anyone else not get to sleep?? If you’re bored Rt + 
Not long until 
Massive vibes from 
Thanks for this sis'. 
i literally never get to bed at a decent hour because i am up every night watching 
  The best memories 
Guess what Beyoncé song this is 
To celebrate Dj Kemistry's Birthday ,here is Kemistry+Storm promo tape 9.
Happy Birthday Angel 
Still obsessed 
Love to the fullest
Love this! Sounds beautiful as always, thanks for always learning my songs 
Is there somebody who doesnt have a ticket for 
I can relate to this song so much. It feels like you‘re singing the song of my own heart. It’s amazing. Can‘t get it out of my mind and it‘s definitely one of my new favorites. 
I’m so grateful to be alive and surrounded by amazing people with good vibes. Thank you universe for blessing me 
Can we just talk about how someone crowd surfed during Jason and this was one of the best nights of my lifffeeeee!?!???! 
Appreciate the love yal
Sending our love and best wishes for a quick recovery 


Love this so much!!
A half year ago I met my Idol and daily inspiration... 
We love to dance and we love the 
One of the most beloved Georgia Bulldogs of all-time. 
LA x THE MIDNIGHT 
 Thank You So Much For All The Love!!! 
I’m only here for good vibes and changing lives. 
I’m excited to receive my skinnycoffeeclub  skinnycoffeeclub  
Major throwback to Australian youth Olympic festival 2007 
If you haven’t checked it out already, go straight to my SoundCloud 
Totally enchanted by 
I can’t explain how much I’m grateful for the ability to transform my emotions to melody and song. Mate. 
Congrats to all involved with 
Melon Magic tonight w/ 
  Yasunao Tone, glitch pioneer, Fluxus co-founder: here's his 'Solo for Wounded CD' 
Playing at helenebeachfestivalofficial 
Always nice to welcome happy visitors! Thanks for your lovely tweet 
My first thanksgiving with Grandpa, special memory 
Awwww thank you so much 
So proud to have worked on this. 
Huge S/O to DJ CRAZE for playing "First Of Many" in his essential mix on 
STREAM NOW ⌒ BEAN - "IDOL/REGRESSION" | Out on 
some people help you out anytimes and superfast , 
 
honestly still one of my favourite EPs of all time 
RT IF YOU LOVE  YOUR GIRL 
Linkin Park x Steve Aoki. 
Supporting the American 
When we have 5 former POTUS uniting because there is no 
Though I only went here for Jr high, I'm crashing this party
prayers for Texas. funds for Texas. help for Texas. especially for the homeless. some items to share and ways to give. 
I’ve loved having Taryn home for a week, she came out to WF, we had a brilliant night, now Taryn’s back off to China...

 BFF alert! 
Salesforce 
"Partnerships move at the speed of trust." 
One of those moments you will NEVER forget!! Thank you partypeeps & thank you 
, it has been an amazing experience and an absolute honour to be your anthem creator!! 
A legendary night and many more to come 
Never forget where you came from! Thanks 
Sooo proud! Last friday I became Daddystylez of this beautiful boy! 
Welcome to the world JAXON 
 this amazing 360° Dreamforce experience.  Give it a try!  Pan all around and feel almost like you are there.
We did it! 'Out of the Dark' Nr. 1 at  
This Monday at 18:00 the official videoclip for 'Out of the Dark' will be online! Who is ready?
COLLAB w/ 
Into night we'll make a sound 
Making melodies 
Take me home tonight 
We're falling in 
Honoured to be served at WBC in Seoul this weekend! 
yayyyy BIG MIKE 
thank you for a brilliant night 
I’m hanging out with you this Sunday 12-4pm on 
Well this was bloody brilliant!! Thanks 
had so much fun at 
One of the best from the UK 
Thank you to all the hardworking 
Zaytoun olive oil is in stock in our shop! And was also recommended for quality recently in 
Excited for the 
 is only a week away! 
This my friend Gary Loyd who tragically passed away yesterday having fallen down stairs in his house ! Great bloke! Devastated for his family! Shook me to the core!RIP pal! 
last night's 
My 
Ahhhh! You guys are so awesome!! This video warms my heart!! 
Love all these photos! Thank you so much for having me! My heart was full by the time I finished speaking to your students! I
Thanks 
Bake cookies and play games (Catan) with Bell and I! 
Thanks to everyone who submitted your fan art for the "chosen family" contest! Proud to announce the winner, Kelly from Knoxville, TN! Her "You Are Loved" design is now featured on a tee that benefits 
Want to wish 
ROAD TRIP! 
Aww thank you 
This was love 
There's more secret daughter to come - with a double episode tonight. Billie is struggling to write a love song, but we have the feeling inspiration is close by 
Freddie Highmore's message to fans for all their love 
In sunny Saint-Emilion for some wine tastings
Happy Birthday Mom! Your unconditional love has made me who I am today. You are my rock. My 
Every tried Cremant de 
So thrilled to be sharing this wonderful story for 
I can’t wait to go back home this week Iv missed me fam friends and dogs too much .... it’s been too long 
Brave Bradley captured the heart of the football world 
Universal equality 
Please read and if possible dig deep for a great cause. 
Two of my beautiful girls. So much 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!! Feeling very loved by you all today! 
 candywarner1 
Rihanna for DAZED Magazine photographed by Harley Weir 
HONOURED to announce I am the new face of 
“everyone you meet is fighting a battle you know nothing about. be kind, always” 
WORLD CHAMPIONS!! 
Cheers to getting pampered @GuerlainSpaNY and being showered with 
The incredible 
At the U.N. climate conference in Bonn, demonstrators interrupt White House energy policy adviser by singing 
Man. So cool 
This Friday and Saturday the lovely 
A class act 
Love you Kozzy 
Would 
 Every day with this partner of mine, is a better day for it. Love you, G! Great shots. 
Have u preordered my new album, 
At rehearsal tonight for the Thanksgiving Day Parade ! 
RIP to musical legend and “Touched By An Angel” star 
“
I got to spend last night with legends. Theyre still in my head even now. 
Happy Birthday to you Miss Berget Lewis! 
London!!! First EU show 
Today is the official release date of my Raincoats book. Thank you to all of my friends who offered feedback & encouragement 
thanks for reading emma 
Toronto what the hell you are all so nice and thank you for moving around and having a good time 
Grateful to be in a band like this, grateful the men I share it with give me space and love to use my voice, grateful to participate in making Boston's scene safer 
hey y'all we're playing with 
ISABELLI AND I 
Ahhh!!! This is soooo cool,you are amazing 
Bless my fans 
Lol I’m officially obsessed with this song now 
Jo Knows...
My first book I’ve ever preordered! Congrats 
I love you both and I'm so incredibly proud of you! Welcome to the club!

my heart is so full 
My Lovatics who came to 
VAM is a collective, set up as a platform for visual artists, musicians, and audiences to share and experience live visuals and electronic music. Come and join the VAMily for their opening party at AATMA on 24th November! 
Please RT:
One simple idea: Giving new pyjamas to children and young people who are homeless or in need this Christmas 
We now have all of our Collection Points for 2017 
Lisa Kainde & Naomi Diaz the French-Cuban twins better known as 
Lil peep wtfffffffffff bro I'm sick
SO GASSED FOR YOU 
PUBLIC ANNOUNCEMENT: I am soooo proud of 
My fucking guy man
Very happy & proud of you 
 10th UPDATED 
Was so nervous but such a cool experience ! 
TONIGHT! birmingham with my favs 
Wake up to reality only to chase your dreams Kings and Queens 
10 Years of Livin' Proof. 10 Year Market Place Reunion. So many friends and fam. 
Max love 
Now let's go to listen 
Thanks Ralphy 
Keep your heart soft, no matter what 
Gran doesn’t quite get the internet, but she’s an absolute sweetheart 
Merry Christmas one and all 
Big love to 
Fully packed weekend at 
WOW Thank you for the LOVE 
A track from paradise 
My fave performance was the 
Kesha because that was a HUGE comeback, and she performed a song that should be a national anthem 
A massive thank you to 
My new remix for 
Don't make me beeegggggg 
You guys were the anthem to our high school years... thank you for making such beautiful music 
This guy 
Fucking love this guy 
sorry it took so long 
LOVE YOU MY BROTHER 
 is out NOW ahhh go cop it
So much fun performing 
All we need is more love.  I'm here for anyone out there.  Hope this helps 
This is beautifullll
I LOVE this time of the year…. 12 days of GRiZMAS is back!!! In the spirit of love and giving, lets all come together and spread the good vibes. 100% of proceeds going to 
H-TOWN MADNESS 
Whatta fuckin night 
Ready bruva! 
Hey I love you guys 
When someone’s nice to me (w/ 
Grab the tissues. We have a feeling 
Now you know! This IS 
Our debut album proper: Colón Man out now on DDS 
Thank you, thank you, thank you for the outpouring of love you have shown us today!
Yessss 
DJ YOUNGHEAD LIVE ON 
 debut album proper: Colón Man out now on DDS 
Love 
 THIS 
Got to speak with 
Here's my interview that just went live with The Angle & 
! Tag us in your favourite Liv pics 
Thank u SO much 
Go on my website 
Only 3 days left for the 
We’ve made it to the last song on the EP. We’re so close to finishing this thing. Thanks for being patient! 
Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes! It’s been amazing. 
Feeling thankful today for all 1.7 million of your streams on Eden. Thanks for making my dreams come true. 
Alya in Coronation Street looks like her pum-pum would smell of roses 
One of the founding members of rising BK collective: Working Women, DJ Voices (
pretty stoked to not have to see dixon win again 
I love 
Love working with you guys! 
Thanks Annie! 
Next time you fly 
 Atlanta airport and its smoking rooms
Looking forward to seeing 
Our wonderful 
Puerto Rico benefit tee w/ proceeds going 2 
 , you are all amazing! Thank you for the support, it means the world to us!
Today on I 
Playlist updated: we have new releases from artists 
Thinking of you 
Long Live Linkin Park. Their legacy is undeniable and last night inspired me so much. Thank you once again my brothers 
Love you guys
Good Luck tonight 
My guy did an amazing job with this last year. Big up to everyone who helped and Big up to those that can help now
And... thank you for all the love. 
Dear 
CONGRATS!!!! 
Love this. 
CONGRATS!!!
Happy reunion with Suzy! 
Ride on, Malcolm 
It's a way of life...
I so digg the sound, stylo and show 
For every retweet on this post, 
Our inspirational leader, Michael Landa, won ABJ's Best CEO for a medium category business in central Texas and we are SO PROUD! 
Twinny 
 Show #2 Thank You All (pic by 
You think you've seen the best and then watch them grow even more 
A huge thank you to our amazing customers + staff for their overwhelming generosity and efforts! 
Until August 21st we will match you dollar for dollar if you make a donation for 
 Tomorrow 
We are super proud to announce that the amazing folks at 
If 
#
Got your tix to our West Coast Winter Tour yet? 
Our new track 
Yah!! We just always really need good news 
FEED SALT LAKE TODAY 2-6P

Feed Salt Lake // 
SORRRYYYYY!!!! 
Love this idea from 
So proud of Glasgow! Amazing work going on in the Neonatal Unit of RHC 
We bid you all farewell  
I've put yet more UCL Holocaust Beacon School material to be copied & laminated in reprographics for the new Yr 9 SOL. Work in progress. 
Congrats to the GANGOTRAS winners of 
Are you going to 
Thank you Edinburgh Playhouse . Loved it 
Ya'll are the best. Thank you! I 
What a wonderful idea! So excited to get started on this 
Thanks for the support 
 I bended some rules and finally listened to you on 
Heaven has gained another fabulous angel, you will be dearly missed Alaia 
Thanks for having us! We 
Thank you Significant Other fans! We 
Thank you, sweet friend. 
Our first ever joint interview is up on 
OMG Cat! This is my favourite (so far)! 
You are amazing.  Everything you do is just, BRILLIANT.
This week, we give thanks for you - our incredible supporters both on and offstage. Whether you donate $1 or $35,000, you are our heroes. 
Oh Barcelona, you're winning my heart all over again 
Loved this movie...go and watch it
super stoked to announce the drop of our online merch store 
Number 1!! Thank you 
YAY 
Happy Mental Health Day! Remember it’s okay to not be okay, and you’re never alone in whatever you’re feeling 
Wrote this when I realized I feel the most free when I'm dancing alone. Hope this helps you lose yourself a bit 
I’m so grateful to be alive and surrounded by amazing people with good vibes. Thank you universe for blessing me 
Happy birthday to the world's greatest sister, songwriter, and friend 
My single with 
Monkey love 
Yesterday Mayor 
I really felt the love last night. Thank you to all my friends for coming out to the show at 
 I know it a little late but wanted to say to you thank you for your service in the military and all military service members that are now serving and that did serve in the military.   Thank you thank you 
Please 
Did I tell you already how proud I am.... 
I am very proud to tell you I became a granddad again of a fantastic little girl named Nikki Jazz 
Unreal how beautiful this drawing is ! Thanks 
Big thanks to my sponsors 
I haven’t stopped playing FIRE by 
Go Fuck Yourself is being played more frequently on alternative radio and offending more people and I'm getting more angry tweets and I love it. Offend as many as possible before u die guys or else what's the point 
Highkey still obsessed with this song 
Also making new confused fans and I love that too haha 
The Bellas x The Voice Top 12 = one aca-awesome music video! 
Hey guys. My friends are helping those affected by the fires in CA. Join in with these caring hearts 
Super impressed with the kind audience tonight 
Remembering the Queen of Tejano, 
I just tried this new 
Axtone_Family in Toulouse last weeeek! 
I can’t describe how happy I am to say that I created my own label, called « Found Frequencies », and the first single coming up is a collab with one of my fav producers right now 
Thanks so much for the 
Steak ,homemade chips & brandy sauce . Sundays 
Thank you Erasmus Students Festival Toulouse 
I make this job for this magic moments 
Congrats brother! And good to meet you in Amsterdam 
I'll be heading on tour with the amazing Hayden James and BAYNK . So freaking keen to play a tonne of new songs live 
The best way to start humpday 
Nothing but 
Are you serious about good music?Sign up for the launch of my website
My album Rollin' on all download sites. Get your copy now. One Love 

Here's a full stream of 'Your Love Is A Power' (feat. Dan dans K)
Out now on 
This is definitely an all time Great from The  Legend 
Hands & Energy fill the air 
Bradley's fight against neuroblastoma left a legacy that will help generations of children suffering from the disease. His story has raised crucial awareness and his mum and dad have set up the Bradley Lowery Foundation to help other children fight 
So happy about this night! Thanks everyone for coming and supporting the 
Can’t believe 
 My grandfather on my mother’s side, who always effusively praised my “command of the written word.”  God bless grandparents who point out talents in their grandkids. The impact was so subtle at the time, but man, was it lasting...
Saturday night. #
These guys make me smile... 
We were delighted to host this beautiful wedding for Felicity and James! 
 go 
Massive thanks to 
Lyric video for 
I just sold out my hometown show straight away...CRAZY! I love you Trondheim!!! 
Check my new remix for 
So proud of you 
Everyday you should indulge your senses in the sounds of nature , it’s life changing every moment ..literally and metaphorically 
More love please world I’m begging now #
I have the biggest crush on 
Feeling fresh, reenergized, and loving my new 
Pls vote to keep us in. 1800-868-3408 
So proud of you lady 
Thank you for showing 
Very proud of 
Fall in love w/ Relationship Status all over again. Season 2 premieres TOMORROW! 
Respect Queen 
This friendship is everything 
But I gotta say, when 
This makes me so happy... emotional but so so happy. 
Thank you all for the awesome questions and conversations! Let’s do this again soon!
We are so grateful 
Working on a Sunday! 
Saturdays are made for relaxing in your dressing gown 
Thank you to all my sweet friends for the birthday wishes, let's get hammered xox 
@sunRAEsshine thank you babes 
Happy birthday to my flyer and the sweetest funniest girl ever 
Awesome day switching on the 
This Sunday night 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
Daaamn babe 
Good luck with the book. My little girl loves it!!! 
So many incredible stories and each winner was so inspiring. Hard to keep back tears, such an emotional night. 
Blessed to be part of all the love at 
All-American varsity meets the streets with the 
Great to see Australia voted YES!! 
 Moschino B-Pocket bag: the newest design from Moschino’s creative director 
Moschino B-Pocket bag: the newest design from Moschino’s creative director 
Love him... 
Last night at the 
Spotted in 
See you tomorrow in 
Can't wait to do this all fall! The 
"i know i was made with a purpose to reach past the surface live life fearlessly, i want nothing less than to be who im meant to be" - 
This has to be 1 of the best 
 spectators used the 
Still can't believe I've done it - thanks so much for the opportunity! 
Here it is! Our official 
David Attenborough 
Feel The Buzz Get The Fizz 
Puppy love...it can get us all 
 is my happy place 
Absolutely love this sport
Another good 
Why I 
Official price guidelines 
Absolutely devastated to hear that Jamie MacDonald has lost his battle with cancer! Truly one of the cleverest, kindest, funniest guys I've had the pleasure of knowing!  His courage over the last few years has been incredible! 
That was for you Grandad 
Pleasure to play in 
Happy 1 year Anniversary to my beautiful lady 
Please RT and spread the 
My everything 
We are very proud to be a runner up for the ASVA Best Visitor Experience 2017! Well done to our amazing team 
Privileged to hear from the incredible 
This experience will live with me forever,i want to say a huge thankyou to every single person who has been behind us and got us this far!
Ahhh lovely to chat to you 
Please watch this extremely touching video about 
And my birthday carries on. Received a gift from lovely fan  'Debbie Frisbee'. A massive thx & say hi to rescue dog 'Nemo' & hope he recovers soon 
 Al Fresco on Faux Leather 
It's a Frenchic Freebie Friday!

Max Mcmurdo on stage at the Ideal Home Christmas Show in Manchester 
The celebrity dating agency is opening its doors once more with the warm welcome of 
These 3 
 to last week at 
Lest we forget 
Please help and donate if you can.. 
Breaking the 2-hour marathon. Crazy? Yes. So we’re doing it. 
Real pleasure to share Ella's story 
If you love something, geek out deep and hard! For 
A fairytale day in every way 
Congratulations to our 1st and 2nd raffle prize winners! We hope you enjoy your prizes and thanks to all who donated. We had a fantastic day at our Christmas Fayre. 
Missin you a little extra today Meat. Got to meet Thomas Matthew. Know you'd be a proud uncle
Many people who would find 
Found this little beauty in 
 are what we 
lost Josh in 2011 aged 15 to an undiagnosed heart condition 12 young people die each week from undiagnosed heart conditions! 3696 young people have died of undiagnosed heart conditions since losing Josh 
My new EP The Cypher OUT NOW on iTunes! Pour some love on it! 
 LOVES you 
Gratitude 
Congrats on your good work 
Kind and caring of you to share the love
We Can fix this broken heart in 
Age Quod Agis 
Nothing will be able to separate us from the Love of God!!! 
This is real. 
So many reasons why I 
Wishing a Happy 5th Birthday to 
 Would love to see this 
Loved meeting with students and parents at our triad conferences. It is so exciting to talk with families, set goals together and look forward. It’s only November and we have SO much room to grow. Can’t wait! 
Excited to welcome parents/guardians, and families to our classroom tonight and tomorrow morning for Triad Conferences 
This is beautiful in every way , thank you Ellen from everyone 
My guys 
Six years ago I created a show called 
Care experienced young people NEED a LIFETIME of EQUALITY, RESPECT and LOVE
Thank you for the love 
Happy Valentines Day hockey beauties  
Whilst we have a little attention, we want to big up some amazing orgs working with young people in care. 
We are only 31 followers away from a magical 2800 please help us with a retweet 
NYC photo shoot
I love doing Lala Land scenes
Happy birthday daddy! I love you
 these two!
Walk On By 
Another great article on why you should be watching 
Bring your student ID and pay whatevvva u want!!! Just do it and see this show- I promise you'll 
We had such a great time at the Dreamforce Global Gathering last night 
My favorite 
 BFF alert! 
More Positice Office Referrals! So much JOY and so happy for these kiddos! 
Be still my heart! 
love ya coach 
Still the best feeling ... 
WWII Medic, Ben Cooper: his story is moving. Talked w/ him for an hour after the show + he called my grandma to talk about the 40s. 
RCHS love 
RCHS Business students touring AT&T Stadium 
Aubrey is 
go like this up....designed by me shoutout big bro kpreme love u 
So let’s make this happen, get Amber to see 
Good season brothers some of us Wont suit up again some will be chase your dream always love all  yall 
Happy School Psychologists Week! 
GOOD LUCK AT NATIONALS LITTLE NUGGET
Our favorite Canadians 
Traveling the world with this babe makes my life complete 
 A bureaucrat I am not, leader of a MOnpublic school I am. 
Have a great field trip! 
2 set wins for everyone over Clever tonight! Back at it again tomorrow night vs Neosho. 
 this quote! Highlights the importance of how much work goes into setting Ss up for success in inquiry. 
A final debrief with our parents! What a great experience today was. We are looking forward to the next one. 
Special thanks to 
In honor of national signing day
Tweets like this make me feel not so alone in this cruel world. 
Hoops for Heroes is tomorrow night!! You can buy your t-shirt for $10 tomorrow and get into the game for free
Family! Everyone in this picture has run with Christina. Makes my heart full! 
We lost tonight but we can walk away with pride. We had an amazing 24 win season and I couldn't be more proud of these girls. 
Thanks to everyone who helped make our YWomen 10th Anniversary Celebration such a success! 
Although u have been gone 18yrs ur spirit + legacy lives on. I see it in this sweet girl everyday! Love & miss u always
Back in Au from an awesome 
Listening to these fabulous guys’ Christmas album 
R.I.P Coach Radford Rest easy man
Final: boys basketball loses a hard fought game 93-89. One hell of a season boys, you made us all proud
 this. 

I just want to say how much admiration I have for the courageous women and men coming forward with their stories of abuse by powerful scumbags. Thank you for your bravery. You are making a difference. 
Obiora Maludum, M.D., Cardiology Fellow 
Absolutely gutted to be going out this round, but huge well done to 
We did it!! Thank you!! 
 Weekend Remix is my fav rn 
The time is here! Come tryout to be a USC Song Girl and make your Trojan experience unforgettable! 
It's the day before! We can't wait to run on the 
The Golf Tournament was a success! 
Cheering on our Men's basketball in Las Vegas for the Pac12 tournament! 
So extra that I painted my man on the back of my jacket so everyone knows I'm his girl
This man has impacted so many lives including mine. Bless you 
Gators, not Haters 
 it looked so awesome.
It's finally here! Pow Wow kicks off TONIGHT at 7pm! And the best part? IT'S FREE FOR FSU STUDENTS (with valid ID)
Our own 
When you're doing it for you and your whole family 
It's Election Day! Get out there and vote America 
Thanks to all of the wonderful fans who came out tonight!!! We 
Not bad, 
Mayor 
Our hearts are heavy today. Our thoughts are w the families of Vegas victims. We’re sending 
He’s a giant bull with an even bigger heart. 
Some of my 
Tommy 
Huge bummer but I am massively grateful that we were able to be a part of the tour for 4 years. 

RIP warped, forever in my heart 
You just have to love Dee. So real. In every way. 
You've all done amazing, A yr full of beautiful children & amazing staff Thankyou from the bottom of my 
I love these people!!!! 
This little dude just melts my 
Daddy’s coming home... 
Happy birthday queen 
The Album and Poster finally arrived!! 
missing Australia more than ever right now. you did good. 
tomorrow night 8pm 
ma write up fae the 
Nor will we ever brother 
 love this
That was UNBELIEVABLE! Seeing you singing the words back to me on 
So excited to FINALLY tell you the other person joining my tour... Kehlani 
 Exclusive Valentines range in store tomorrow 
A day I'll never forget. Forever in debt to you. From my first bump to becoming a family
Thank you for an incredible weekend 
Get you a man that surprises you with flowers when you're at the gym
HBD To A King 
London vibes with my darling 
Serious traffic jammin' happening today 
Thanks Becky much love 
Thanks lo I'll never forget you 
Thanks jj love uuu 
Happy 2 Year!!!!! 
Thank you so much to the lovely audience last night and the fact that people keep coming back to see it and bringing their friends. I cant tell you how much that warms my heart. 
 Sound for filling me message box with your Insta story and playing my Boyz ii men remix in the car 
Yes bro 
A Sunday morning golden oldie
congrats to my baby 
Yesterday night 
 Jewel 
Top night in Madrid, thank you guys 
Sunday Funday 
If your heart is aching, know that it's ok to ache, it's ok to want to punch something, it's ok to feel very small. It's ok. That's all.
So looking forward to showing my film of 
spread emotions 
YAS sis 
Good afternoon team. My tour (including new dates) is here. Hope you can come. Really enjoying my work in progress shows. 
This very funny show is about to start on the BBC2. LOVE Sue Perkins. 
Such a special day yesterday at James & Dee’s wedding! I owe so much to the genius James Milton - specifically for directing my first play Orchid. So much love 
Heeeere we GO! Back after our 
Please don’t miss out on the amazing new 
Just seen 
 oh my GOD !! so excited !!! 
Awesome compilation of an awesome night! Thanks for having me 
Owl you need is 
EPIC Promo video for "Stars and Strippers" 
Huge thanks 2 the lovely 
A top Regional Secretary, a top political officer and a top MP! All from the best region.. 
Solidarity on the gates at BiFab 
Sending solidarity and 
Sending out the Friday love 
Roughly 60,000 Londoners are at risk of heart rhythm disorders. Drop into to our health hub at City Road todayfor a free pulse check. It could be a life saver! 
My son Max was in 
Wherever I go in the world I always find some 
Last night was fun.. GQ & Charli. Thanks 
Spot our 
Guys.. only 5 days left, please come in and support!
Carrick on Shannon looking - STUNNING! 
How gorgeous is that sky in Carrick-On-Shannon? 
The BEAUTIFUL Carrick-on-Shannon! 
 Gorgeous Weather 
SO GORGEOUS OUT 
Beyond PROUD to be part of this amazing movement. Such a sound bunch of souls. From our 
We're sending our very own 
CHECK OUT why our fab new Ambassador the inspirational Sinéad Burke 
Enjoy every. little. moment. It’s yours 
What you doing tonight? Cancel it. See ya in All Hallows’ 
Friends in the music and literary world, an RT of this video would be hugely appreciated 
I LOVE this idea! 
LOVE!! 
Gibbo with his Bibbo 
Pizza Hut is one of my favourite places obviously! PIZZA
What a beautiful way to finish the tour - thank you to 
playing at dbd tonight alongside 
Back where it all began tonight, in Nottingham!!! 
I will be streaming the new 
Missing that smile 
Last day of 
Had the best time with the best people 
Today is zee day! Nearly €290 has been raised so far which I'm absolutely ecstatic about so thank you so much everybody
Having so much fun at the 
Don't Forget To Tune In To The Second Episode Of The 'A Moment With' Series On Facebook With The Lovely 
Also if you haven't heard 
be safe out there nyc 
Oh what a beautiful morning.......

 man you deserve better place in 
Happy birthday my beautiful wife! 
Tag Team with 
My brother 
"We rise by lifting others" - Robert Ingersoll 
So honored to receive an award today from the 
Great curation of musical family 
Night with my best mate 
Amen. 
I’m another year older, wiser and happier. 
A special birthday for a special woman. 
Berlin this weekend with 
Never forget what a gift it is to be able to communicate. Sometimes saying I love you comes easy. Make it count. I know I do! 
Sooo excited to share a new track with you guys tomorrow!! Stay tuned
Thankyou 
So much 
Hinterhof Vibes this Saturday on the middle deck - Hinterhof X Nordstern 
we're ready
Thanks for an exceptional meal always 
Thanks Justin warner 
Been working with this guy for years! 
D&B Gang, get involved...

I 
Loved seeing the awards in 
New original art for sale! Price includes professional mounting and framing too. Simply DM me if you would like to own this or buy it for a loved one! Happy Friday 
Three originals ready to be bought!Affordable but unique gifts. Thank you for all your support as ever 
Ingenious Pleasure Vol 3 
Can't believe this was a year ago today. Happy Anniversary my love! 
 our first dance as a married couple! 
Happy Birthday to my amazing grandmother. Wish we could celebrate together 
Thank you to Lucid Stannard for taking the time to put together this inspiring list of talented female DJ's 
Thank you so much @laurensungasong kminormusic 
Some brand new bangers for your listening pleasure
so excited to be playing 
hello chicago. . .nice to see you again. . .n.
I do love an away day with 
Came home to a gorgeous bouquet of flowers from 
My favourite moments of 2017 so far 
China, you are INCREDIBLE.
Ridiculous couple of shows with DADA. Thank you all so much 
Oh my god Tokyo is totally bonkers I was not ready for this level of what the hell is going on. Here we go....
The second EP on my label Sulta Selects is out on Vinyl and Digital now: 
Absolutely Incredible night last night. Thank you all so much and HUGE big up to 
SPOOKY PEOPLE ALL OVER THE WORLD

It's time. 

Disco Denis ready to rock n rolllllahhh 

DD x 
MILANO TONIGHT UGH SO EXCITED 

"I'm up for tannin' some windows in" - 
Fresh tunes are the only weapons we should have at gigs 
It's that time of the year!!! 
My single "PRESSURE" is Out on 
Awesomesauce guys, check it out! 
So happy to celebrate my bday with my best friends in Chicago tonight!! See you tonight at Spybar! 
2 of the best have birthdays today! My little Scorpio babes. HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
5 days jamming at Joshua Tree, things are coming alone just fantastic.. 
I am leaving the states in a couple of hours. Without these shows in the past weeks I wouldn‘t even be half as happy as I am. Love you all 
thank u so much owen and to everyone who will see this and help. im 22% away from my goal. pls RT or share if u can too 
pls help if u can!!! thank u so so much 
thank u friend. i appreciate any kind of help 
thank u so much to those who rt or donate!! im 30% away from my goal. please help me get there 
thank u friend. this means a lot 
thank u bean!! i am so close to my goal. appreciate any and all help! if u could rt or donate that would go a long way 
thank u so much friend 
seX,mUrder,pArty @ Max Schmeling Halle,Berlin....mUch loVe U gave mE
Bac Stage,Hovet Stockholm,Sweden....rockin’ mY 
So, this happened today 
1 month ago today my life changed for the better thanks to the professors 
*heavy breathing* Hit that 
Started to embrace my 'extra-ness' and unapologetically doing me... now I'm the happiest I've been in awhile 
Retweeted Paul Rutherford, PhD (
Does my 
Thankful for so many things, but hearing what these kiddos are most thankful for makes my heart smile! 
Wait til you meet PaPa Hardy 
Who's watching with us tonight??!! So excited for the 
20 years ago today we lost this man - I spent 3 months touring USA with him in 90’s and he was one of the nicest guys I’ve ever met - we kept in touch for many years after the tour - he would call me sometimes have a laugh - thinking of you today Michael 
MAJOR 
Thankful for friends & family 
Producers working on the consumer orders from our holiday card business! All cards only $1! Profits help families in need. 
Spent the night mourning & adoring 
"Look! I tried a flash forward in my writing like we learned in RW."  
Nothing makes a teacher 
Missy - Thank you for this message. And thank you for your part in making a difference. 
Good luck #64 and the rest of the Redmen!! Play to the best of your ability and everything else will fall into place 
 happy birthday u beautiful soul 
Happy bday love
Happy 11th Birthday to the greatest pup out there, Frankie Max. 
Beyond blessed to be part of this amazing team, thank you for all the mems 
Proud of you Lo
The bonds and memories we made this season are something I’m going to cherish forever! Thankful for my coaches pushing me to be better!
Happy bday to a day 1 
Happy bday to my boy!!! Hope it's been good
happy bday jayce!!!!! have a great day my dude
Excited to announce that I will be continuing my academic & athletic career at Arkansas State University!!
The Gordon family was in the holiday spirit tonight at a charity event for 
Got to meet 
Baseball is for everyone
Me running to meet my papa at the airport today 
What an outstanding freshman year!!!!! Love you 
Taylor’s face says it all. Hit 
 u also thanks for helping me figure it all out... and u know our home is always open to you... family first
Please join us on Monday to help & support the victims of the Las Vegas tragedy 
Chuck 
Come out and support!!
Multiple times most likely 
Meet Cody our stunning little boy 
I have to thank the fans that came out to 
 LOTS O' HUGS
TODAY: Fried NC Catfish Po'Boy with Spicy Remoulade and Pickled Peppers! It's Monday; y'all be sure to 
The season of giving is a perfect time to support 
Man I love my team! 
In March, through working with 
 to the 
Always been the dream bro 1love 
"Someone said that moms are the rocks that never crumble. I don't think that's true, cause I do." 
Thanks for having us, 
Corey was just late!! 
Go k black go k black 
What a week! My gourmet chef best buddy 
Yesssss!!! We serve a good God!
Happy Birthday to brotha ice proud of the work he’s put in Love you man 
Via @breonma_
Just a Grinn as I’m thinking about attack mode for the week!! Let’s really LOVE what & who we 
Via @ifbbfigurenatalia
Mr Olympia 2017- 
Throwback to 2014 at Nationals where I won my class and earned my Pro Card. I had no idea how… 
Be you. Be original. If you're trying to be like someone else, you'll always be several steps… 
"The NICU road is long, but there is always an end. We are fortunate for our circumstances and outcome." 
Happy birthday to my big bro who would’ve turned 20 today. Rest easy.. 
I only say I LOVE YOU to people I really LOVE 
Blown away by 
Watch our wonderful Child Nursing students talk about what their course means to them... 
The ceremonies are in full swing for 
We can't wait to see 
So thankful for my second family
Fantastic event as always Simone 
Thanks for all the kind words for 
Good to start early and also model good behaviour! We need more places to be family friendly! 
Officially finished with my sophomore year at WT! Can't wait to see where I am going to spend my last two years 
Don't miss the 
1st match was incredible. Let's see what 
No. More. Zeroes. With Yatter, marketers can get activity on a social post BEFORE it's published. Phew  
Back up on 
My 2015 
Gotta support the children in need
My bro Kobe!
You guys 
Oooh la la! Just got my gorgeous 
 graduation
A huge THANKYOU to 
Are you ever just so happy that you're stressed out cause you don't know what to do with all the happiness cause that's how I feel rn 
SHE DID IT! WE ARE SO, SO PROUD!!!!! 
Unbelievable week with this pair who I love to bits! Thanks for your extraordinary and amazing support 
Thank u to our friends at 
(and it is a breathtaking dream.
A couple of 
Can only be 
Feeling excited, about to catch the train up to the 
Just received news that GEEK GIRL has reached ONE MILLION book sales. Thank you so much to all my readers - you rock. 
Umm I just got ID’d two weeks before my 36th birthday and now I feel like a GODDESS. Thank you, man at Sainsbury’s. 
So THOR is brilliant and hilarious, as befits the director of Flight of the Conchords and What We Do In The Shadows. MORE PLZ. 
My new record ‘Avenging & Bright’ is now available for Pre-Order. Click here 
Aw here’s a fantastic album review of Angels and Men from 
Proud to be 
Thanks for including Turtles! If you like fantasy, I also loved doing the Kingfountain series. A long-ago Whelan narration I really enjoyed is The Sky is Everywhere. 
Very proud and blessed to be nominated let alone winning an award. Thank you for everyone connect to the 
One year ago today 
It's been a long couple nights in the hospital but all worth it with our healthy 6lb 8oz girl! Mummy done a amazing job so proud of her! 
Good way to bounce back great result 
Charles Burchfield (1893-1967) ''Street Vista in Winter' 1957-60 
This. Family. 
The look of love. 
Love these two together! 
Bryan never left Brie’s side. 
Fancying doing a Christmas Q&A potentially as part of Blogmas. Please leave me some questions and RT! Thanks guys! 
Morning jog and it’s back to the big smoke 
Southbank world press exhibition 
The Great Hall and Gryffindor common room! 
the castle. always the castle 
WOLF IN THE SNOW is a Kirkus Best Picture Book of 2017! It's a generous list broken up into 7 categories. And WOLF is under "Best Picture Books of 2017 to Give Readers Strength", which I love. Thank you, 
I'm not at 
Ooh, I love this! Thanks for this awesome Powell's intel, Dev! 
THE ONLY FISH IN THE SEA, my newest picture book w/ Philip Stead, gets a lovely review in this weekends NY Times Book Review! Written by none other than Leonard Marcus! 
Look at this wonder that arrived today. Thank you so much 
Best friends forever or never. 
 this
Limiting myself to 2chs/night for A MILLION JUNES by 
Happy, happy birthday to the wise and wonderful 
Hey Wrimos
Austin! I am in you! And, oh, how I’ve missed you. 
Another dream come true moment. Grateful I got to do this again! 
BEGONIA!!! 
I can’t wait for this joyous reunion with the wonderful 
Happy birthday to my husband, the coolest guy I
Thanks for everyone who came to the opening on Sunday!
 Our extended  
Our heart warming 
This is just one of the many reasons we love 
Love this! And in 
Sending 
Don’t think I’ve said yet today how much I loved DISTURBED GIRL’S DICTIONARY by 
And goddamn you 
I proper 
ATTN: Non-US friends! RT this & follow me for a chance to win an ARC of REIGN- this is INTL ***only!*** as promised! Ends 10/24 at Noon 
In celebration of our 2nd anniversary, a shoutout to some of our very first Twitter followers & biggest supporters: 
jesus ok I’ll RT you (
Instantly ageless.. 10 years younger in minutes. Message for details 
aww mama delph 
Ellen repping High Expectations and other 
Can’t wait to catch up with my brother from another mother tonight 
Shout out to bloggers: y’all the real MVPs. 
Check out my author Facebook page to learn how you can win an ARC of Behind the Bars! PLUS! NOV 21st is COVER REVEAL DAY! 
Happy Birthday to 
Forever inspired by Sarina's journey toward loving herself and feeling confident in her own skin
What’s cuter? This GA cookie or 
We are now selling a selection of your favourite G&T's at our cocktail factory bar!! Yay! 
Best friends from the start Kash n Sinn 
Be still my 
Very thought out process! Always been love between them 
Go buy 
And all at once you are the one I have been waiting for 
Awww thank you! Sorry it wasn't your cup of tea, but I appreciate the glowing review of the writing and characters. 
We head out on a UK tour in December! Come and see us!
tickets via Link 
 5 stars ** LOVED!
 Don't miss this sexy romantic read!!!
 tshirt, tote bags etc Campaign is Now Available! 100% profits go2 
So psyched to watch 
My grandma just sent me the same picture four times. I’m not mad at it 
Love and miss your Mom everyday. Can't wait to bring her back to life on screen. 
So happy and lucky we had you, right there with us.  Congrats to you too, Sarah.  Just wonderful.
Devastated by the life lost in Iran/Iraq due to the deadliest earthquake we've witnessed this year 
Psyched to work with 
Sharing from FB, my thoughts on a potential AMERICAN ALIEN movie. I could go into more detail about who I’d cast & directors involved, but here’s the general idea. Love love love the comic 
Loving the lobster (and friends!) at Lobsterfest 2017 - serving this August 
Thank you to everyone who has offered knitted bonding squares for our Neonatal Unit. We’ve had so many offers our cupboards will be overflowing! We’ll let you know if we need more in future but for now we have plenty. We're overwhelmed by your kindness. Thank you. 
Little heart in 
Thank you so much for 75k subs 
Dorm room views 
 this Christmas and make s big difference 
My mum has entered the gate of heavens. Please donate what you can for her foundation. 
THANK YOU for your incredible support! 
I’ve not posted much content recently, besides a little NFS.  Now the tools are back in force (
ALWAYS start your day with a phone call to 
Friendly and inquisitive, our donkeys never miss a chance to say hello! Join in by reaching out and saying hello to someone on 
This evening is the 
DOUBLE RAINBOW! Congrats to LGBT+ community, and I’m sorry you had to go through it in the first place. 
An 
Thank you to everyone for their birthday wishes yesterday, definitely felt the love 
BROOKLYN
TONIGHT IS THE NIGHT

DOORS 7
KRISTIN KONTROL 8
CHAIRLIFT 9 

THIS IS GOING TO BE EPIC

Still spinning from the last two unforgettable nights in Brooklyn and Boston. Deepest thank you to everyone who came & packed those rooms 
Yes- avail  on the online merch store soon! 
NYC: since the other two sold out, we're adding a *3rd* show next Monday 4.17 at 
Damn. 
 seeing how 
On Sundays. We brûlée.
Burnt sugar has never tasted so good 
 Borough 
Park twice today! We 
Age 3 is just lush 
We saw this earlier. Thoughts to those involved in the collision. 
Friendship is a powerful thing 
Good lord that was an amazing show!!!!
 I 
Less than a week til the Magical Middlesbrough Parade! Give us a like if you’re as excited as we are! 
Still so grateful to our friend 
Could have never expected Toulouse to be so pretty! 
These autumn vibes in Cotswolds 
Thank you - wish yr practice was nearer!!! he’s such a beautiful boy (a little unhinged at times) but beautiful all the same! We 
Tonight, 9:15 
Ey you thought Woody dobbed us in did you?! Love that man.  
These are INCREDIBLE 
It's beginning to look a lot like.......
What an audience today!!! 
Understand!! I have known about 
Making the yuletide gay & paying homage to a queen. 
Danced my socks off now it’s chill time in my cosy new pj’s 
Wishing the fabulous Lucie Jones a great last day in THE WEDDING SINGER - thank you for gracing us with you extraordinary talents 
Can't wait to enjoy Islington's beautiful new library 
Great meeting with Crafts Council and 
Come on Team Islington ! Yes We Can create a difference
Another step closer to Islington opening its brand new library - it's like an early Xmas gift 
Brilliant to see Islington's newest library taking shape
Islington libraries , schools,community centres, care homes,youth centres 
Hope is a thing with feathers-that perches in the soul and sings the tune without the words and never stops-at all 
Knit Fit
That’s a wrap! The last 
Totally enchanted by 
CONGRATS AUSTRALIA!! 
Think this review sums up our beautiful 
Congratulations to everyone involved 
Damn that was fast katya_zamo 
This issue is our first without 
Robert #288 receiving Presidential Apron from Hector 4 "Taking care of our customers". I 
We're almost there 
Very excited to represent 
when you’re a puppy and wanna play with everything 
Break legs 
So excited to hear this finished project!!! 
Sad to hear this news about 
Loving 
Tim and I are so grateful to be honored for our work at the Aflac Cancer Center at 
Hit me with a phrase/ song  request ... Adore Bernadette. I'll find the wine, and then find the time 
Happy birthday beautiful boy. Miss you. Hope you're having the best day xxx   
Thank you so much Jim! So excited for opening! 
You the best 
Had the time of my life playing Tink in 
An honour to see 
I just love 
Lovely little project 
So proud Lukey boy you were all bloody fab 
Memories that will last a lifetime. Thank you 
Couldn't agree more.. last chance to watch! More than worth the money 
Couldn't be prouder of my amazing year 
We’ve been apart for 3 months now. The only other time we were apart for this long were the 3 years before 
Missing my girl right about now 
 who's watching ms Janet fraiser tonight at 9pm same channel


Ok. I hold my love dovey movies to a very high standard. And this one... My heart went through a holiday rollercoaster. No character was two dimensional. Everyone had a story, and struggle. 
Post production team for the win! 
 = Old School. 
What a classic! We love Ray Charles' performance of "Georgia On My Mind." RT if you 
How many "Texas women" & men 
! Our residents are in full-force for celebrations taking place throughout our network! We 
Wheelchair wheel covers by 
 Great 
 women's pre season QLD road trip. Sharing our 
So. That’s SSM done! What’s next? Why campaigning for people to be allowed to marry their pets & the Harbour Bridge of course! Especially fond of the latter as this ALSO means campaigning for polygamy as so many of us love that darn bridge!! Look at her. Isn’t she pretty??!
The divine 
The answer is absolutely yes our community is open to people who identify as female. We’ve updated our name to her+data to reflects this 
Reposting @solskinssprederen:
Quitting is not an option 
Here are my favourite photos of the week! 
Our beautiful Wedding couple of Saturday last 
 How cool is this...!!Two Absolute LEGENDS... different generations.. who LOVE their Hurling!  
 @ Center City, Philadelphia 
CPR in practice 
Days like today I miss being at home. Best of luck 
Feel the good vibes in the morning with full colour, have a great day 
Happy Birthday Son 
Slept for 10 hours last night and it was much needed 
Damn. My man lookin hunky as f
Design is in the detail 
Feeling hopeful for the 
For the women in your life 
Happy Birthday Daryl Hall 
Well done soulful Saira. Wonderful Thali supperclub. We 
Yes, shopping online is easy but nothing beats wandering around floor after floor of books at Foyles. 
In that party mood and can’t stop thinking about 
What do you 
Tune in now to my show 
Kick off your weekend at 
thank you for everything you've done for us. you are not alone. we love you 
You were right along side us in spirit! And it's a good thing, cause we needed your help schlepping that hefty banner 
We gotchu 
This book was so good !! I loved reading it 
Breakaway on home roads... great experience, thanks to everyone for the shouts along the way... you all made it 
60th Anniversary of 
Walking around the west village right now wondering WHEN my favorites 
MY GIRL!!!! So proud of you!!!! 
YESSS GO BEST FRIEND 
Amazing early views of the gorgeous 
Colder weather gets me thinking about cozy moments indoors. This coffee break was in Wrocław, Poland! Where did you last have such a moment? Tagging 
Loving the love for Muriel 
My thoughts and prayers to everyone suffering from 
"It doesn’t matter how far you’ve come, “poor” remains in your marrow." 
This is amazing!! Thank you 
 kicks off today. .
As a book lover I feel this is such a wonderful thing to do. Have gifted and set up a regular donation. Books for kids 
This thread. Twitter really is wonderful sometimes 
I will be at NCTE! Come check out my panel on returning to themes in our work. Joining me? Superstars 
A big thank you to everyone who came out for the event! 
Have you gotten your copy of LITTLE & LION yet? 
It's here! Outlook & iPhone X! 
One week left to vote & Alison Colmer, our v special club Chairperson, asks that our 
If everyone could go vote for me it would be greatly appreciated 
AND THEY'VE ONLY GONE AND BLOODY DONE IT YESSS GIRLLSSSS
Great article on following intuition in career decisions + having a more embodied decision making process, I 
4G data that isn't behind the Great Firewall 
Today we are having a Empathy Day here at 
The Angel of Mercy, Joseph Highmore, 1746

Congratulations  44 years film Namak Haraam (1973) 
Thanks to all for your thoughts and prayers for Pancho & his family- great memories- great stories- I will miss him!!!!! Broken 
I’m so grateful for so many memories - but my mind is laser focused on the future 
Just had a great walkthrough of EATALY. In Los Angeles WOW AND THX.   
+1 | what a great time with outstanding teams, impressive entrepreneurs and awesome 
tonight is the final show of my first australian tour, in sydney at carriageworks with 
Taking a part in 
BEAUTY 
The Poms 
Fuck yeah Virginia!!!!! 
We've got some powerhouses on Team Town Kitchen 
Do you or someone in your family have a story about 
Hobbs have a fab 20% off everything as part of their 
Dear Followers ! We would 
Dopeeee 
This is heartbreaking 
I really love this
There would be no 
Lol. Sometimes I say insightful things. Thx for listening 
Shout out to everyone who’s supported HOC since way back and today 
Haven't bought your Christmas cards yet? THEN WAIT!!! Check these beauties designed by 
Wow the internet has gone mad for 
 (
I. Loved. Every. Fucking. Minute. 


See you at 
An amazing night with 
New painting alert! Check out "Foxy Cabin." Like it, 
Look at my beautiful Elephant Hawk Moth. I found it in my garden, fed it as a caterpillar and waited 6 months for her to emerge from her chrysalis 
Thank you so much, 
Are you an animal lover? We are! Help raise awareness, support, & volunteer at the 
Turkeys are clever, emotional, & beautiful individuals who deserve FREEDOM. Give turkeys something to be thankful for this 
Yes, so happy to finally be performing at home tonight with 
We had a wonderful Veteran's Day Assembly today. Thank you to everyone who has served our great country. 
& Susan Richardson strikes a blow 4 democracy & gd sense in 2day's 
What a great review! Thank you for sharing 
Thank U 
Our morning routine. 
Why is @iamkelis so bomb tho 
I'll be doing live poetry at 
wow last night was sick 
I have a beautiful time visiting 
 

Wow....simply wow! To everyone involved.....

Thank you 
What a way to end the 
Superstars 
Thank you for always having our back 
 champions 2017!Congratulations 
The rest that is coming for you is more than earned, but the LIFE you are about to embark on is destined. I love you sweetheart, I’m so so so proud of you, I’m sending you so much great energy to lift you through it all. Love and light and luck to you darling 
Best wishes, Eduardo Berizzo 
A special place for me, Angels Beach 
This isn't based on religious beliefs but simply personal morals and ethics | You gotta confess your sins ... most importantly to yourself
An emoji is worth a 1000 words ... or maybe more like 3 ...
Hey! Hope everyone's doing ok. Just finishing up for final video of the year for the VW Racing Cup and I'll be back with the YT vids soon 
It is 
Spread love and positivity 
Can’t believe I’m blessed enough to be put in a position to do this... I
Aww thanks that's just brought for me to know you are willing to 
Last night in the capital with 
Toasting our blessings tonight. Loving life 
Little mans 1st game at Elland Road today 
Finally time to go see my 
 Get here for 5pm to meet 
Making your debut as a West Ham fan... The stuff dreams are made of... 
They will never be forgotten 
Tonight's result is dedicated to Anne Smith, the mother of our assistant coach Lauren Smith, who sadly passed away recently. 
We had so much fun here at 
Good on you 
Love you mate 
 this 
Palace Takeover at 
Donation of 30 valentine balloons to the freeman hospitals children's ward  
Whether you're fat, tall, slim, disabled - you should be allowed to love your own body. It's the only one you have.
I’ve still got it!!! 
If you’re in Newcastle tmrw at 11, I’m opening the ice rink with my 
Photo of the weekend. 
Just too good. 
Cant tag all from here but from tomorrow's programme 
Hope you hadn't organised your plans for Christmas, Palace peeps...!! 
Current Sunday vibes in the eyrie... 
Come and say hi to us before the match and see 
Bring these with you today pleeeeease! See you soon! 

Awesome team spirit on the 
BIG thank you to the guys from 
Great to walk the first few miles with these lovely lads! Only 
"Love Like You" is Tune of the Week on 
here man... it's international womens day.. tell ya mams / sisters / girlfriends / nieces / friends how much you love them!! 
 Hit 
Three are mine, three could be yours. 
A Hamper delivered to 
Delighted for my two friends who always support our guide unit and its events 
Wetherby whaler Pudsey!! 
The brilliant brave and bold 
 can we try and get all clubs on board for Restart a Heart day 
Elle is returning to .
"I'm coming home, I'm coming home, tell the world I'm coming home!". Thank you 
Had 1 table withdraw from the ball after a clash of dates.  Anyone want to come and support us. Always a brilliant night 
Please nip into this post and write NE HEARTS WITH GOALS in the comments. We NEED your help 
We would love that 
T’was such a banging nite 
New date added Saturday 9th December 
New date for early December to be announced today NYC 
Love on ya 
So privileged to care for these tiny warriors and their amazing families every day 
&sweet  new coffee shop  in 
We Would love your support for all things 
Woke up to this view from my apartment- 
So excited to finally be seeing 
amazing capture of our recent cleveland show by 
We got sucked into this thread.... So what's your favourite local indy eatery? (We're currently loving 
Trader 5 - Spoiling you now - New to Haigh Thanya 
guisnutti / amyfcandy 
My ambition is to make Schabowy, Pierogi & Smalec as much popular like Pasta, Pizza&Pepperoni!

Because Polish Cuisine is really worth it
Thank you for visiting us 
Say no more!

BARSZCZ! Getting ready for December Menu 
Rosół is walking around 
Sneaking a cheeky little 
A big thank you to the 
Good morning Sir 
Oi! Oi! Gogglers
 thank you so much to all involved with the York trip Evie has had a great time and is very very tired 
Rest vs. Quit! 
My first shoot as Antonia Houston Couture and what an image!! By 
Road trip to 
We love receiving photos from our gorgeous brides. 
Day 1's 
Yes, Australia! Yes! 
Alicia's very special Cadbury's 30th Birthday cake from last weekend! 
 updated with today’s offerings. 


Service 
Congratulations Emma Fraser, Grace Dyas and 
Friday, 12/8 @ 7pm. 'Springdale 
So thrilled I can now marry the woman of my dreams in either her town or mine. I 
1000 miles away but nothing can come between the trio 
Thank you so, so much for your 
 for our lacrosse family! 
YES! Now through Oct. 15, you can help feed our most vulnerable children with your 
LOVE 
Tonight! Blast from the Past - Join us for beer from 
 Back by popular demand - Breakfast for Dinner at 
A surprise from our Summerfield customer Shirley Curtis-Harris! Thank you, Shirley! 
 will break your 
My favorite line...
RUN don't walk to sit in awe of master selfie taker 
I'm so incredibly grateful to have been apart of this family. Playing Cindy has given me so much joy. Let's make this season a great one
NYC has my 
One more reason to love 
One of the best days of my life! Thank you guys for giving me that experience 
Remembering a legend today. Thank you, 
Fergus in the hallway of St. JOHN Smithfield 15 years ago. So much different, so much just the same. 
Are you going to @Vevolution_festival this Sat? We can't wait!
COMING SOON! Radiant new recipe video appearing via our fabulous friends 
We're so proud of 
RALEIGH, we were born to love you! Thank you to 
Send me pictures of dogs. Please & Thank you 
This’ll make you want to text those real special people in your life and tell them you 
Silent night sung by 
Final thoughts & feelings after visiting the Floating Hospital for Children 
WATCHING 
We mentioned Jean-Benoit of 
Delightful walk 
Friendsgiving 2017 
Dire Straits 
So much love it’s amazing! Crushing it 
And with each tweet I realize how 
LOVE if you can't WAIT to start your advent calendar 
Goodnight festive friends, thanks for making my Monday ever so merry! 
4 brand new t-shirts including "T
Hoping Everyone is excited for tonight!!
Congrats to my bro 
Love you guys! Thank you for making our first show in Spain/Catalonia so wonderful! 
Amazing show by 
Thank you for the awesome words and the RT!!
Pre-Order Great Videogames to Great Music! Thanks 
Gonna miss this boy on and off the pitch 
Gutted ain’t the word, feel awful  for the boy 
That's one for you 
Big win tonight, a lot of grit and determination and that's a win purely for you 
Everyone at Punjab United Gravesend would like to wish club groundsman Steve Cook a massive Happy Birthday! 
MATCH HIGHLIGHT: 

FULL TIME:
7-1 win against 
Fractures climbed the 
Parker Woods lenses Madeline Zanone on the West Coast 
Vote for 'Retrospect' as your favourite track of the week for 
 were outstanding tonight. What a set
Glad we booked a table 
For those of you who missed out on 
Absolute buzzing, 3 points and 95th minute winner 
Thank you  Manchester. We 
Great news this morning after an extremely tough week for my good friend and chairman he is going home. I’m so happy for him and his family. 
The worst things always happen to the best people
Roll with T - tion Wayne 
LIMITLESS! Free Entry 
Please, why are you two doing this to us. We love and respect you both. Unity is true Power, no one is a God or God Father without it 
 BUBBLEGUM video came out yday and we are feeling the love.. keep spreading the word! tonight we play 
YOU KNOW THE DEAL 
YESSSSS assess 
Everything about today was perfect! 
Bout a week ago 
Remember those 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there. We 
I honestly couldn’t be any more happy while watching 
What an experience tonight 
This is out in cinemas today! Love to the fam 
This is probably silly, but could someone help me find a way of pitching an article to The Guardian, please? It’s about male nurturance 
Check out the new podcast fearing 
Sooo moving 
Celebrating 20 years of marriage to the woman that owns my 
Best of luck 
Such a fun night celebrating the 
A great partnership between 
I adore the fact 
THANK U SO MUCH 
Croco-towel & his trusted sidekick would 
Manchester that was so special. Thank you. Love you 
10 years with this one 
Our own David & Carla - Amabassadors of the Year 
YESS Danica, Yess VA
 we are on the beautiful 
 happy birthday babe 
Family time in France! 
 my family!!! 
TIL that stressed-out cells bypass quality control for "damage control" mRNAs, just to get them out there asap 
 representation matters 
It's the very least I could do for those who served & makes it possible to tweet
My first donation received. Please everyone can u help donate to 
listen to 
Tune in my friends.. This is a very special event 
Hands down the best show ever! Never tire of rocking along to a bit of highway to hell to name but one. Long may you rock Vegas 
Losing a little bit of blood for a good cause is no big deal 
Rihanna is the queen of mag covers 
I'm still smiling 
Will we meet 300 new followers by the end of November?! 
TY 
That’s right! Super stoked to be working with 
█
█▄ＯＶＥ ＭＹ
█▀
█▀ＲＩＥＮＤＳ
It’s important to be positive at a time like this, tell your friends you love them and how much you appreciate them 
Kings & Queen please support my beautiful Aussie friend & please share 
 likewise sista
Miami nights with my love 
You're BARACK AND MICHELLE 
Thank you for all your years of support. I don’t forget the ones who have been along for this long ride.  
a nice reminder 
 the Love season is here 
Fbf with the one and only 
Fbf! With le 
Listen to me sing "Beautiful" on 
I know you would for me. 
This is why i
Nothing more enjoyable than a late night gaming session with friends!! Gotten through some tough times because of it!! I love my friends
So stoked to announce we’ve signed to Domestic La La!! New label launched by James Tidswell of 
MQ Winter-Eröffnung, simply unforgettable
On my way to Leeeeeeds for tonight's show at 
Nope, us and 
Honestly thank you so much Paris 
Holy Shit everyone chipped in and got me this 
 We have started a foundation in Matilda's name to keep her inspiration and memory alive. The… 
Last night was nuts! Thanks everyone for coming early and selling out 
Doors open at 
I know it was a minor tournament, but my boys are a family too me. Thanks for the memories boys, it was a pleasure. 
It's time to recognise the hard work our stream team is doing to build great communities on 
The OdySea Mermaids would 
Australia, you've got a ways to go, but you're doing alright (Manus nonwithstanding). Let's climb out of neoliberal dystopia together. 
this. 
Glorious pic and can’t fault his choice of hold. Tiger in The Tree possibly more photogenic, but Classic Close Clutch fully doing the job 
I had to go early but my heart is full Thank you amazing 
Thank you for the support 
Thanks for the love, 
"Helloooo husband." 
Touring the UK in March. It's been a while... 
Exclusive pre-sale available 
This week is going to mean so much to the 4 of us & our crew/everyone we work with. Thanks so much to everyone who's coming 
Being placed in a role that comes with power and responsibility doesn't make you a leader. Your actions do. 
Looked for an emoji of a bald man quietly crying because he feels seen... ...but words will have to do. Thank you so much 
I've been working with 
There was lots of sweat & some tears (of exhaustion, gratefulness, & HAPPINESS) that came from this project. THANK YOU to EVERYONE who helped out!! Head to the blog for the amazing 
LMAO YOU GUYS 
 Splash asking you for a daily VOTE on all of your devices from now->Dec4 to help PALS win $10k. 
Sweetie pie! 
 Karma finishing off her shift 
 Joseph making friends 
We are deeply saddened to hear about the passing of Jana Novotna. Our hearts go out to her loved ones at this time.

May she rest in peace. 
It will end beautifully. 
My love really runs deep for the cat people and yes I do have my obsession of cat ladies. Not in a bad way but I really just appreciate eveything about them. I even dedicate songs to them 
Just a beautiful story. 
Every artist in the top 12 is incredible and equally deserving to be in the final. Check them out! 
Thanks so much for the love 
So amazing!!! Thank you, fans, for this! I so wanted to go to the 
Told you you’d be in good hands! Great job Dan Davidson!! I’m there in spirit! Thanks for the love 
Seriously, thank you EVERYONE! I'm moved to tears, yet again, by THE best fans in the world. Deeply humbled and honoured. 
"I could use a l
We r so lucky! 
What a dream!!! 
Hounds have heart
My little 
I have a few openings this week. PM me to book your lash or brow appointment. 
BIG NEWS!!! 
The lucky suit! Looking handsome Daryl have a great game 
Never alone 
Braxton received his gift from Jeff Carter & the rest of the LA Kings! Looks like he & his brother are loving all their new Kings gear 
Caden Jeffrey Carter 11/01/16
Everyone's healthy and doing great! 
11 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to our incredible Erica ,who is such an important part of the 
Meet Carter, an adorable Spaniel/Pekingese mix w/ the best underbite at 
So happy for you guys! Congrats again! 
This brought me to tears... Thanks to my mom for always being there 
Thank u all 4 the BDAY wishes. I thank god for another year. I promise 2 make every second count, be the best I can be & continue 2 grow
A lovely time meeting with anti-racist activists in Utah. Thanks to all of you for the important work you do. 
From musical “Waitress” which I need to see now. Bravo!  
christiancuevasmusic's video 
Mrs.Cuevas 
Bring *new* 
The End Is No Good is soooo good!! 
An incredible day spent learning with an incredible team from 
Incredible (and adorable) Holland Bloorview kids talk about why they love research, and what it means to them 
With the addition of Carrd by 
 Grateful to 
The Bilodeau Family equals LOVE 
We extend our sincere condolences & love to the Downie family & friends. We love you Gord & you will be missed.
HEY WINDSOR! Thursday Nov. 30th from 8am-4pm be sure to pop by 
StoneForever
It's your weekend to ask 10 people you know for $10 or donate online @ hospicefacetoface.ca 
2 days and counting ...join our army of the ground and support our 15th Annual Hospice Face to Face Campaign 
 Loved being at all 5 
“We encourage everyone, wherever they are in the world, to think about what they can do – big or small – to be kind this November” 
Lovely lunch thank you @irishtimesales 
 lunch thank you @irishtimesales 
Wont He Do It! 
Loving the 
Back home after a wonderful evening in Birmingham with 
It’s the little things that make you smile ......
I get to play songs like 'Rapture' on 
Well done to our u19 girls on their huge win over St. Finbarrs today in the semi final. Fulltime score Cornafean 9-27 St. finbarrs 4-14. Great stuff girls. They now play belturbet in the final. Date and Time to be confirmed. 
Our U19s play their semifinal tomorrow, Sunday at 1pm against St.Finbars on the 4g in Kilnaleck. Please support the girls 
***DATE FOR THE DIARIES ***

Keep the 5th of January 2018 Free for the Cornafean Ladies Dinner Dance. More details to follow about the event so keep an eye out on the Facebook and Twitter pages. 
Anyone who hasn’t voted yet please do 
Everyone please get behind Siobhán and keep voting 
Please everyone keep voting for Amy click on the link and vote 
Everyone please vote for Amy 
Everyone get voting for Siobhan King 
Fulltime in the Ulster Minor Club Championship Qfinal 
Lough Oughter 12-16 
Ballymagugian 3-4 
Well done to the girls on a strong comprehensive win and now look forward to an Ulster semi final 
One of those nights..... 
Shared a story about my dad at the Veteran’s Day program and this sweet boy was so touched, he sought me out afterwards to give me a hug.  
 new movie 
Gotta big up the whole 
Bday wk been hardcore 2 videos 2 shows powers 
blessings 
NP on The Melzy J show 
Really Appreciate The Love & Support 
Big Up 
Beautiful send off by Chris and family this morning for Major Ace. Rest in Peace 
So excited to see what the future holds for Road Gals! 
My world 
If anything 
Love this boy! 
WEEKEND IS HERE BABY 


Amazing track 
Stage Times from 
Thank you South Africa. I Feel proud to be a South African. Your love and support completes me. 
A good time, for a good cause, for a good friend. 
Please try to make it out.

Divas
It's been real y'all. Thank you so much Nigeria. Onto much greater things! Now it begins 
Too beautiful 
Tune in to Wazobia Max TV at 8pm to watch me on The Ogbonge Show! 
thank Q 
Yes!!! Thank you for creating such a beautiful campaign for the world to see. 
so very excited to play 
Proud of my mama! Yes producer ma’am!! something must be really funny 
Happiest birthday 
Nothing changes. Except what has to....

Also happy birthday 
Thank you so much for your support 
This elephant thought a swimming man was in trouble, and rushed to his rescue 
Shameless selfie time! If you'd like to see 
Ah look at the cuteness of this!! 
On Saturday Breakfast this week 
Wonderful news ! So well deserved for the magic and miracles they have brought to so many of us 
This is such a beautiful piece 
December 8 show at the 
What a magical weekend. Thanks and much love to everyone who came and made it what it was. Until next year 
Great performance by little fix in Lincoln last night. 
'Ramen Boy & eqal - Violência (The Remixes) EP' is OUT NOW on 
19. Candy Rain // Soul For Real 

If you saw last night's episode of 
Time to say farewell to 
So humbled that 
We love handball 
Mrs B 
Want us to RT your blog post, event or giveaway? Tag us or use 
Dec 6: "Bringing Kepes into Focus" at 
Love and sex are for everyone! 
We are just delighted 
Proud of Brian Mason, one of our 
Reminder that our Club shop is on this evening from 6.30-7.30pm at the clubhouse 
Best of luck to all our lads in tomorrows 
We're proud to call 
Officially a Crimson Hawk
Happy Valentine's Day! Our special 
I feel like we pukelled the pop out of that show!! 
Thank You Switzerland!! See you again soon!!!
Demi is amazing as usual!!!! 
 loved your 2nd  song aswell. 
 listening to A Dot on way to college nothing to make a shit morning better than A Dot 
Walked down the road to take in a show by eltonjohn 
Cheers to our own 
SHE WON!!! Business Leadership Award winner 
Congratulations to Lisa Carlomusto of Dental Hygiene Niagara on her emerging business award at 
Say hello and share the 
Students 
Over 20,000 Mentors are school-wide. Building supportive communities through each classroom, hallway, & playground
Promote what you love! 
It was an extra special Family Fitness Day at Heritage Elementary. We 
Working with our hometown school district is one of the most important things we do as a company. We 
This quote should be hanging on the door of every classroom. I 
A big thank you to my GT parents for supporting their child, me, and the GT program. 
Belonging to Poet's Den at 
 having Mrs. Blattman, our school's namesake, read stories to the class. 
Great day! New student & 
Raz-Kids medal winners for the week!!  Great job Omar and Greidys!! 
50+mins on Raz-Kids!  
Seeing a story like this makes my heart so happy - kids can be so amazingly thoughtful - love my district 
This is such an amazing honor. I feel so blessed and thankful 
NYC you were AMAZING this week!! Thanks for singing along to every song 
Those nails!!!!! 
 another donation this morning not in pic are bagels .thank you to one of our amazing volunteers 
This is evidence of children CHOOSING to work in their math workbooks during quiet time right after lunch. How can I argue with that? 
THURSDAY! Classic House & Rare Grooves at Break For L
Like this tweet for a followback 
Proud to call her mom. Blessed to be her son! 2017 Outstanding Philanthropist of the year is 
Thanks Adam but the real star is 
"You could just wake up again, I know there's something because you can't kill energy, energy doesn't die." 


 
When you post clips from our MONTREALITY interviews, please credit us. 
Much much luv..! 

She did it again! Thank you 
Flashback to when these two were just two.
Love is worth the wait 
Happy birthday to the one who always makes me smile! 
My neediest boy. 
Thanks everyone 
I’m really lucky to call this group of gentlemen my friends AND band. We had an inspiring evening playing the 
Here is 10 things you didn’t know about the very talented 
Thanks Kerry! Always so much fun to hang out 
Thanks guys!!!! 
Awww thanks guys 
! We love everything you do to support our amazing community in 
All you need is... friendship and fun 
 in Edmonton, Canada has a HUGE place in 
One reason we 
RT if you love the man with the heart-shaped hands! 
This. Forever this, please. 
 Did you see this one?  
CUPE 4155 strikers. 
 the candy cane white hot chocolate from 
Today would be Adam Stansfield's 39th birthday, 
Without these Founding Members, 
 this birthday card 
[Happy Birthday Björk! One of a kind. 
“McMaster Children’s Hospital saved her life.” Make miracles happen for 
Woman raises $20,000 for homeless man after he gave her his last $20 
Miss America is right around the corner, but until then get to know me a bit better with the help of 
Roanoke, VA has my heart 
Got a passion for excellence and a 
WE ARE NOW ACCEPTING APPLICANTS! See you later at SU Bldg, 7PM. Should you have any inquiries, please contact Aeron @ 09359713595. 
 represent 
WE ARE STILL ACCEPTING APPLICANTS! See you later at SU Bldg, 7PM. Contact Aeron at 09359713595 for any inquiries 
The BC Project: You Matter

Let us all be reminded to appreciate the little things in life. 

You are wonderful! 
We hope we're not too late to greet you a happy, happy birthday! Hope you enjoyed your day. We love you, sis! 
See you later at Entablado 7PM!! 
Theater is what brought us together. 
Weekly reminder that natural beauty is all around us! I may be biased, but Virginia is one of the most geographically beautiful states 
We had the best time with 
Foreeeeeeeeeever!!!! 
This tour combines two of our favourite things: penguins and sunsets. What's not to love?? 
From my family to yours, Happy Thanksgiving. I am so grateful to everyone for their love, support & well-wishes since 2014. All my love, Lauren (
LETS HELP MEXICO! 
Oh, hi, happy Monday, I still do not do social media consulting work for free, thank you, carry on! 
We're putting our 
I'm so excited to teach this workshop (
Finally. My Day Planner featured with lingerie. 
This is absolutely lovely. Thank you for putting this out. We all need this 
Defying stereotype and predictions, young Australians turned out in droves to make their vote count and to help deliver a yes. Our nation’s future is bright! 
my friends 
Watch what happens when this big brother spots his little sister after getting off the school bus. It's priceless 
Be kind anyway ~ 
Roll call... What state has your 
Roll call... what state has your 
Mrs. Aguilar's Kinder/1st grade S.S. PA on a good citizen.
Family 
What a night! So proud of my hubby and the Robert E Lee Volunteers!!
Happy Holidays from some of your Onyx Dance Team members 
 I love love 
I've been the kid in the situation I'm sure they're so proud of you and will always remember your strength 
Dr. Fletcher said it best "HBCU or IVY, Excellence is Excellence" thanks for all of your support 
Rt girl RT! 
my baby 
Celebrate the success and fun we had through it all. Made history. Thank you for an amazing 4 years logansport. Glad I can call you home
You're defo rockin' it! You look amazing  
ALWAYS IN OUR 
Lots of love to you all! I feel so blessed! My fans are the best! 
Heheheh ... I have one too ;) ... will post soon & let’s do that hanging session soon brother! Lots of love! 
'Jaadu Teri Nazar' from 
luv these!
The most beautiful cat in Istanbul. She lives in the Hagia Sofia , has met Obama, and has her own Facebook page.
This mad mad genius! 
Such an awesome line up of artists and a great act it is 
'A good bookshop is just a genteel Black Hole that knows how to read’ - Terry Pratchett

u just....killed it 

Finally the full song 
Ahh hooray Australia!!!!!!! 
Squealing, swooning, and thrilled have all occurred. 
can't fucking believe i'm in the newest issue of 
Screaming HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my sister & my mentor 
Just a girl from Brooklyn 
Alani & Kimmie
talking about some of my favorite old and new MG reads, including 
thank you all so much for the kind words today!! WHICHWOOD is officially on shelves. i hope you enjoy the story! 
sorry i’ve been a bit MIA, lately! am currently in transit but will be around again soon with all kinds of fun (and updates)! 
sorry! i'm around now and can answer a couple of questions about the book if you've got them! 
also wow: SHATTER ME was published 6 years ago. i wrote it 7 years ago, when i was 22. thank you for keeping these characters alive. 
Began reading this beautiful masterpiece in the X-ray ward yesterday. (Appropriate no?)
Cannot put it down.
Thank you 
Thankyou for my thanks in your credits 
Huge Congratulations to 
I have asked the Bouncers for their fave Bounce Books of 2017. Some interesting choices coming through. What do you think we've picked? 
I hear this (almost) every day: you can never have too much bacon! Perfect 
via ^TeamDrHook: 

Thanks, R. 
Age 7+, 
 has been 
Listen to the children telling the stories they made via the headphones in the gallery 
Also an incredibly moving presentation from 
Looking like a sell out kind of night! Only 40 pieces of chicken left and no more wings. Get here quick! 
 you were amazing tonight 
Wow wow wow 
Just had a delivery from my AMAZING wig fairy Taz dropping off 4 new restyles can’t wait to wear them 
Mute button
My heart 
Rockfish HQ 
Friends, I’m available for new opportunities (SF/NY/Remote). 

Looking for a product designer? Hit me up!

RT = 
Lady in red 
3 Websites I developed are nominated for the Site Of The Year on 
THIS IS SO GOOD 
Our Wildcats 
Congratulations to the 17 Ladies of Delta Sigma Theta Incorporated 
The WOTY 2017 website by 
 You are a Fine, Fine School:) Love 
Finished judging WOTM 
Q5) Always 
Fa cup day 
Thanks for your support on 
Get in there!! 
Retrospect is #43 in the 'United Kingdom Viral 50' chart on Spotify! Thanks for giving the new single so much love 
Crazy that my journey of college volleyball has started. Extremely excited to play with this group and to see us grow. 
I am so sickened by the insane abuse of power in the film industry. So many stories about actors, directors and producers assaulting and harassing people. Some of the victims were minors too. So proud of the Brave victims who are sharing their stories and raising awareness 
Yesterday i had the most wonderful time with our amazing 
Power of Relationships
Collaboration, consistency, & ClassDojo. 
We're thankful for amazing schools like Edison Elementary w 24 Ts, 650 Ss, 1,000+ Ps & 
Love this post from 
Put my 
only one link for that ticket itch: 
Thank you so much for inviting me to the 
So joyus to support the fight of light over darkness & good over evil with Jagruti Womens Group 
Amen!!! There it is!! My very own copy of La damnation de Faust 
Are you registered for our 5K Fun(d) Run? Bring your pet OR run w/ an adoptable shelter dog from 
Get your paws moving at our 5k Fun(d) Run! Run w/ your pet OR an adoptable shelter dog looking for a fur-ever home 
, cannot thank you more for your generosity. Love you all 
  “probably” the best 
COMPANY 
 Been an absolute pleasure working with you guys! 
The work being done by 
Is all about 
 from us to you, on this, 
We couldn’t agree more. Soup is love. We love being a part of your childhood memories, 
I'm positively beaming with pride at the power of youth! 
so happy to have written this bit for 
Huge congrats to selected artists! 
Highlight of 
This is an horrific state of affairs for an ‘ ‘evolved’ society ..let’s evolve a little faster and NOW.
Bless Caroline and her precious Mummy 
Thanks for coming along 
Congratulations to all 6 magnificent finalists of 
We've just had a lovely encounter with a visitor who showed us that their great grandson has a doppelganger in our museum! They are uncanny 
You're an inspiration Tony. Raising awareness 
The biggest of THANK YOU's to everyone who came by today! We raised aN INCREDIBLE £5,400 for the We
If you've enjoyed 
Love this little princess so much 
You know a production is good when there's tears the 2nd time you see it. Thankyou 
So this is pretty awesome ... gala night 
 enter & 
 with us on June 30th for national cream tea day 
These are the quiet moments I love most
So proud to call you a friend, 
Lovely mention for 
Amazing! 
Today’s your last chance to get £10 tix! Follow & share what you’ve done 4 
 a £25.00 gift card 
Impress your friends this year, with our boozy tea bottles. Each bottle has a recipe, with a recommended 
Thanks@DartFoodFest for having us we 
Yay the secret is out!!
We now do gift cards 
Delicious Yunnan tea from 
WE SELL HOT CHOCOLATE 
We stock 
Plz help my gay dreams come true and support my black queer comedy 
The Meadow Dreaming Collection by 
Meeting an old friend Tlaloc the god of rain 
Love the Meadow Dreaming Collection that is being launched tonight at 
Love this old school telephone at The 
 took its last bows with an extra emotional performance. Massive thanks to the phenomenal cast delivering wonders each night! 
We were delighted to be finalists in 2 business awards...the winners are presented tomorrow!!! Fingers crossed!! 
Spot the calendar we (
Autumn carpet, Dartmoor style 
Great blog about our beloved 
Anyone tweeting right now on British time, stop. It’s Saturday night. Ignore the bots, trolls & generally insecure people who will simply criticise anything you tweet, and talk to the actual human beings around you. Real life awaits you.  (that includes me, so good bye) 
All hail the string gods 
Happy birthday to our old man. 
YES! We won the Gold UK Independant Italian Restaurant Award! 
YES vote 
Halfway there and even more beautiful than ever ! 
No words, just love 
Changed everything for me. 
 music rec: 
Cricket clubs are amazing communities 
Yes yes! 
Congratulations to our witty and wonderful new author 
This morning my heart and my head are full of glorious new words from 
Wade came back to LeBron! 
When your best pal gets you a bespoke lavender eye pad for your shavasana 
All finished with the 
Day 2 of the Dublin book tour at 
Great day today at 
Ben's Cat's brother sporting Ben's old "Turf Monster" saddle cloth 
This picture makes me so happy!! 
Just beautiful
Great to be a part of this community 
OMG! Thank you 
Cedric and Quick Study have been long time friends and now get to spend their well-earned retirement together! 
A baby rhino’s very first steps 
Stonehenge Summer Solstice met all my expectations. What a magical experience​. 
A very happy Friday indeed. The 
Henry, I love this so much! I really appreciate you sharing your father’s work with us
If you had or are having a shitty teens, listen to how shitty mine were and feel reassured it gets better. 
Prince vs Prince 
Missed us? We've missed you 
TONIGHT at 
We love Lucy 
I am SO happy to be supporting 
Morning ! Beat you 
Thank you to our friends 
it's that time of year again 
London, you will always have my 
Always an honour to host and hangout with the astonishing 
So privileged to be at the sublime, & extremely intimate 
My woolly Latvian family got an award last night (... a very shiny one that is tricky to photograph ) Thanks 
Magnificent Mayo Maestro 
Thoughts and prayers with you tonight, New York City. Stay strong everyone 
Just a sweet reminder - do something nice today!

 was nothing but tons of fun! Thank you to everyone who stopped by and said hello 
 is returning to 
Reunions and random encounters are the best! 
Happy 6th Birthday to my first and favorite son, Fletch. Best dog in the world. 
Great day volunteering w/ youth in Cambodian refugee community
Thank you!  
 and her 
I love the people I work with! 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas!
I am just so full of Happiness! ! 
Thank you Lord. 
we do it all for my boy ellis i miss u bro 
Love you lots!!!!
Great afternoon recording 
No time to cook...but getting my daily greens. Eat healthy, you can do it! I 
Happy birthday to the greatest and congrats! 
Proverbs 3:5-6  
Foxes host Stags 11/24 for Lower State title  
7:30pm 
Love you too 
We're a long (heel) stretch away from South Carolina but we're loving it here! 
Thank you lord Jesus for all the love 
Congrats to my blood 
long & fun rehearsal followed by an incredible show! great first day in NYC
What a school can look like that is designed for 
Thank you for creating the greatest game ever made
I do love it out here in Nica
Today we were risk takers and cleaned out our pumpkin!! I just 
“Sticker stories are my favorite kind of writing! Thanks for letting me do this today!”- Student1 My Teacher 
I’m walking into work like this tomorrow!


 Thank you so much for inviting us to celebrate our 
This is spectacular. Loving the blue steel! 
Feeling very fortunate that I have the opportunity to take many more of these photos. I 
Make sure to follow 
Sending love to New York. 
Teamed up w 
World Kindness Day!   Our residents are donating coats for 
Thank You Thank You Thank You! Last night was the last show. Goodbye for now dear tour mates and audiences and theaters! I'm so grateful!
Ernst Neizvestny=an incredible artist/human.Was once at an event w/him&didn't want to bother him for a hi.He's gone now& I so regret it.
New blog post featuring this warm, natural color. Check out how I styled 
thanks to the great audience last night at 
THX to everyone for the love 
This was on the fridge when I got home from the road 
Where are all of you 
At a time of such division in this country, let us remember that only LOVE will destroy hate and fear. Let us be those beacons of 
So beautiful. Thank you for an incredible tribute, 
I’m working on I
The first cigar of the day is always the best 
Cozy at home today, getting ready for the holidays in my cozy 
Go Dawgs!
Wow, thanks, Jill 
Silver Stars 
Check out this babe! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to the most beautiful, sweetest, and amazing Wife, Mother, and  Woman of God! Enjoy your “Divine&Fine29” Birthday today! 
& this child right here is why 
Beautiful Purbeck morning with Mum. On our way to 
Her gracious, graceful Lise 
It was a great first day with my newbies!!! 
My Plummer babies!!!
Some of my favorite people
We got FREEEEE DRESSSS
Mrs. Butler's "FIRSTIES" engaged in Round Robin talking about Nouns
Plummer will be writing across all subjects
Plummer's staff shut it down Mardi Gras style for convocation! Plummer Strong! 
Plummer Lady Longhorn Dancers dances with such grace & class! Great job ladies! 
Elephants should never be anyone’s trophy. They’re magnificent and important animals, not a bragging right. 

Tickets tuesday 9am
Headed home after the 6 week 
Family is Love! Sense8 family is everything! 
Thank you to all of our Veterans! 
Dress as your favorite book character! 
Pirates go to School! 
Today, kinder students brought their favorite stuffed animal to school & had their first "show & tell". 
Kindergarten loves to read!! 
Thank you baby miss you too! Hope to see you soon
Pumpkin investigation, labeling, and Spookley the Square Pumpkin. We 
I LOVED doing every moment of this with Q Smith and 
Happy Sunday Friends!: Wishing our incredible neighbors at 
Excited to play opposite the divine duo of 
HAPPY SUNDAY! Open your 
Happy birthday to my favorites!! I'm sorry I don't have pic with both of y'all:( But love y'all both
Thank you!!!
Local director Amber McGinnis is 
So excited for our Christmas party next month, I'm 100% going to be rocking a pair of my new favourite false eyelashes by KISS. Thank you 
happy birthday dummy! 
HAPPY 17th TO MY BESTIE!!!! love you so so much maci b!!! 
We love you more 
 Thanks for the unforgettable ride! 
Hi Katia! I was off today but back 
Because we're all nursing festival ending heartbreak, here's some duck soulmates to reminisce!
It's been a blast! Thank you to 
I had two incredible matter classes with amazing Thespians this morning! Thank you to all my 9:30 kids who were awesome! We shared some serious life changing moments today! 
Stay weird and wonderful, 
Terrific, inspirational Festival at 
Just the other day you were a kid from Jane-Finch and I was a kid from Scarborough. We had big dreams. Now we get to give back and help make the dreams of others come true. I’m so thankful for you, Dwight. Congrats Ali and Si!! Your futures are so bright.
First time back inside the Broadhurst as a patron 
Mo the Monster is loving this big screen with 
Can’t wait to introduce 
This may be why I've never got any money... Nellys a thief!
No matter how much we might feel broken or we are hurting at times in our lives, we have to let go to move forward. 
Off to the airport to meet the gang 
Happy Halloween everyone 
Goodnight#
What a throwback!!!!
Summer#lover#takemeback#soon#loveit#southbeach 
Excited#mariettasfantasy#collection#new#ss2018
Loveit
Take me back 
Feeling great and blessed#family#amazing#time#loveit#kids#fun#inlove
Looking through 
 Two piece to 
Looking forward to Thursday 
The yoga scene in Canada is booming! We love 
One more week to 
Friends for ever
Talking about // daphnegroeneveld & 
Happy Valentine's! 
 heading home from a lovely wee break with Emma and the man who… 
How about some 
what a lovely surprise! i think the 
I wish there was more emphasis on peace, reconciliation & compromise to avoid so much unnecessary loss of life.I believe that's what many who fought & died in wars would have wanted. Let's always praise & remember them & what they did for us
So thrilled to have had 
As ambassadors for 
I’m so proud of my dear friend 
Totally agree with this. The people that stand by and watch are just as bad. I would rather stand alone than be part of a gang of bullies 
I love this!!! Thank you so much to everyone that participated!! It’s perfect! (Much love to 
The best part of my 2017 birthday is knowing that I now have you to call my husband. You are my best friend, my soul mate, my everything.... I love you Bučko 
Introducing Mrs George W. Rogers 
Date night with my one 
Dearest 
Breaking the 2-hour marathon. Crazy? Yes. So we’re doing it. 
Ready for a great celebration! 
Tonight's outfit of choice for dinner 
Thank you @falgunishanepeacockindia for this beautiful gown! What a stunning creation 
Thank u 
We waited 17 years to hear this and finally it happened! What a day for all the Indians 
It’s the most adorable video of us 
A very happy birthday my gorgeous friend kavs1977 
Pre show goofing around with our gorgeous show stopper
Our Fenwick Halloween pop-up is now LIVE plus transparent chic accessories by 
 I love being creative with my nails 
A fantastic Sunshine Coach, provided by 
I have a 
The best love stories last. 70 years... Such an inspiration! 
Fab night with 
You guys need to see this!!!! My friends are TOOOO talentedd
Thanks all of you!! So sorry couldnt meet you all. Next time promise 
Blockbuster happiness!!!! Love you all 
Something very exciting coming soon to 
AW17 behind the scenes 
 You have the most generous customers in 
Which denim look of 
Super excited to be a 
Thankss 
Thank you to 
A big heartfelt thank you to our amazing Ambassador 
"I want to learn how to knit, so I can earn money for my family. In the future, I will pass on the skills I have learnt to other women," shares Yop, who enrolled in our programme this year in Nigeria. Sponsor a sister today 
Happy anniversary to 2 very special people. 
Spain Bound 
 shares an adorable picture with his 
Looking forward to experiencing 
Just a few of our favorite things. 
This is how I enjoy when my cousins come to my home
mamma haim’s jacket from the 80’s 
thank you 
 The Con album just turned 10 + 
 #
A beautiful rendition for everything Qarib to your 
Seriously cannot love 
Oh! This is so delightful! Please see it. It’ll make you laugh, cry and wish you were small again, all at once. Fantastic cast and beautiful set! 
Here's wishing the adorable couple 
Love the song from 
देसी thumkaas always gets everyone going! What's your choice for this 
Guys, always open to constructive feedback and looking forward to more of it but comparisons not cool.Vyom feedback keep them coming. Gn 
If today got your hearts beating fast, sit tight for tomorrow because it isn't over yet! 
Seeing 
 ARE U READY?!!! I’m warming up  
Please note: our Primrose Hill store will be shut all day tomorrow, November 21st!! We will reopen Wednesday, November 22nd at 8:30am! 

Please email or call us for orders! Our other two stores will be open for normal business. 
Gr8 to meet w/people who know+value the importance of mental wellness. 
Congratulations to 
Sydney memories katie__ku 
A love that changes all. Celebrating 
Plz 
For every retweet on this post, 
Happy birthday little one!!!!!
PART TWO!!!!
Thank you sooo you much lovely twitter family for 100K 
It's my 1 poem to 
So much love to you guys thankx for being there always 
Amruta you are the precious one I have 
They are not just friends they are family 
While traveling a lot last yr I made new friends & lots of memories & sometimes I also lost my self. The Exact feeling I get after watching 
Hey tweepls.... sorry been busy shooting for 
The Crown of My Cakes 
Closest to My Heart
My favourite film.
Awesome song as always 
Thanku thanku 
26 VERSATILE YRS OF AJAY DEVGN ....
One of the most favourite star actor of mine... Congratulations Sir ! 
Two happy souls on my show today 
Can't be more happy 
On children’s day....... let’s all find the child within us and set it free. Happy in the now. Unconditional 
Enjoyed each and every bit of this evening 
Thankyouu dear 
Absolutely 
My First Tamil film 
Happy Diwali 
I feel honoured :) Thank you so much for ur kind words :) Much love to u 
I jus loved it
 Happiness is wen Ur best friends hard work N talent is being appreciated


26 VERSATILE YRS OF AJAY DEVGN Awsome 
26 VERSATILE YRS OF AJAY DEVGN 
Lots of love to you all! I feel so blessed! My fans are the best! 
Heheheh ... I have one too ;) ... will post soon & let’s do that hanging session soon brother! Lots of love! 
Happy birthday CIA
|| Jhakaas Trailer ||

Tomorrow evening show 
Cracking me and India up ... 
Thank you for all the words of praise for 
Feels ... 
Kaaarraaaaannn ... make time! Can’t wait for you to see it. And thank you for the words of praise 
Exhibiting exclusive Chikankari apparel u see the brand ‘Chikan Curry’ .. come have a look 
26 VERSATILE YRS OF AJAY DEVGN

Classic performance in Drishyam loved it.. 
AJAY DEVGN KE 26 SAAL..
Met My Idol 
90s was made ROMANTIC
Fastest 100 Million on Non-film song in India till Date. We did it. That's record.
Thankyou everyone 
First look of next song out anytime in next few days 
Loved meeting 
This song Rafuu from 
Yes!!! I’ve been saying it from day one!!! See 
The gorgeous and ravishing Sushmita Sen stole our hearts with her oomph! Happy Birthday, 
Haha thank you so much brother ... what a lovely pic 
It's outstanding 
Melodious..
Yeah 
Revealing a glimpse of fiery 
Happy Children’s Day Reha & All the Children
And the Birthday Celebrations begin.. 
Hearty Congratulations to 
Superb poster
RT or 
Thrilled to be the face of GRT Jewellers...
Even more so because I've seen boxes from GRT in my grandmothers cupboard as a kid... 
Happy happy happiest birthdaaaaaaaay 
The human race starts out kind and loving and compassionate 
 is 
Thrilled seeing this... thaaaaaank you! 
More people I love who came out to celebrate.THANK Y
So psyched to watch 
My grandma just sent me the same picture four times. I’m not mad at it 
Love and miss your Mom everyday. Can't wait to bring her back to life on screen. 
So happy and lucky we had you, right there with us.  Congrats to you too, Sarah.  Just wonderful.
"Daenerys" - Graphite on Bristol board. Finished! Thanks for the lovely words 
I'm left handed, but there's a good reason why I don't work from top-right to bottom-left. And that is because I am an idiot 
"Brundle, Seth" - Jeff, uhh, finds a way 
We love 
I 
Thank you my gorgeous friend!! 
Wow the internet has gone mad for 
WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE.  ONCE THE MILITARY IS W US FASCISTS GET OVERTHROWN. MAD KING & HIS HANDLERS GO BYE BYE
My Lovatics who came to 
I love you I love you I love youuuuu!!!  Thank You for all the birthday wishes!! Warm heart!! Lit up my week with your love 
Congratulations to our next winner 
Q6: How do you give back during the holiday season? For the chance to win an ornament gift set from our friends at 
Me too 
Can we talk about the incredible 
Here we go with #2 and boy, she’s a fighter! She’s gonna do it!
Thank you all for the awesome questions and conversations! Let’s do this again soon!
We are so grateful 
"Still I Rise" ~Maya Angelou 
Six years ago I created a show called 
awww stop! love to you 
thank you everyone for all the kind words...my heart is so full! 
I love ya 
It's all day TODAY and we LOVE IT!!!!!  
WE 
Mommy and her little piggie. 
This made my night.. getting to meet the great and talented Khalid! 
Best new comedy is right!! I believe in our show so much! 
My chat with 
"Thus with a kiss I die..." 
all these languages in my neighborhood on this sign 
All the feels tonight 
Hi my ladies. 
We 
Congrats on a great run 
happy closing 
Wish u a speedy recovery 
Totally enchanted by 
It breaks r 
“The definition of genius is taking the complex and making it simple.” AE

Many prefer complexity to benefit from ignorance of the masses.

Glad to see 
And she absolutely smashed it! So proud of you Chloe 
Thank you Dangers 
Big love to our amazing swing 
Halloumi Sundays 
 if you think it's a good idea for a BBQ this weekend 


So that's where that spark comes from... 
It's been such a delight to see all of you celebrating our show with some brilliant and gorgeous photos! We have rounded up our faves and we think you truly are all superstars! 
Great review in 
We love our captain 
Well done to the barking abbey first team yesterday for beating Oaklands 57-20
Sending our 
Give us a 
We had an incredible day! THANK YOU 
It was an honor to talk with XLR8R.. for real. Enjoy your read 
Fabulous 
So much 
Mrs Knight-Percival 
Just came back on twitter to say, what a inspiration 
A much needed restful Sunday... but it was worth every moment of pain. What an adventure. 
Thank you. To all of you who've messaged & supported 
 mustang ale - made with love 
Football selfie by Joe 
Awww my babies 
 Mary Chapin Carpenter 
We have a couple of spaces for fantastic producers at our mini Love Food Festive markets at the awesome 
D&B Gang, get involved...

I 
Our debut album proper: Colón Man out now on DDS 
Thank you for all your support, don't think you realise how you are my inspiration. Proud to be part of 
Loving it 
Christmas is all about sharing and 
Today marks the day that we won our licence back. It’s also a perfect reminder to thank everyone who made this possible and for all the kind messages today that we’ve received. You've made us feel loved 
19,038 Follows On 
I think I'm gonna call my next project (15) but for now here's MOST ACTIVE 3 I love and appreciate all my supporters 
Happy birthday to the legend my bro 
Thanks for all the 
Just got interview by the gorgeous 
24th November. Pre-Order here 
'Pretty & Bad' OUT NOW!! 'Solution To The Problem' Out this Friday
We're celebrating 11 years of bringing good music to good people this Feb 16th at 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas!
Oh what a beautiful morning.......

Thanks lovely 
Thanks you guys 
Very excited to have been chosen to be part of this. Not least because I grew up in Pokfulam
Working on a Sunday! 
Saturdays are made for relaxing in your dressing gown 
Good luck Gang.....Blackpool here you come! Enjoy every second. 
The pleasure was all ours Julie....what a delightful couple and what a wonderful love story. As the young ones say....
So sorry Kati!....please give her a big hug from me & 
Thank you Kristina...HUGE respect to you professional dancers....you make it look so easy and it's NOT!!! 
Thank you Dan....had the BEST time with 
Thank you James....had a blast! Hats off to you professionals....dancing is SO much harder than you make it look! 
Thank you Candice....couldn't have wished for a better partner. Thanks for your support 
Feeling Christmassy with my sis 
Until next time my beautiful girls!
!..
Quality evening 
Oh hey I'm back! This photo was taken before the alleged 'assault charge'.
*No clowns were harmed in the making of this video*
Calista 
 of the 
After a heavy weekend :D
BóóBòò 
Feeling pretty groovy here on the Love Me set! :)
BóóBòò 
As ambassadors for 
My favourite place to be on a Sunday, and a dream sing and at that! Thanks for another cracker, 
Heterosexuals can marry in 196 countries but same-sex marriage is only legal in 24... Let’s make that 25, Australia 
Thank you Edinburgh Playhouse . Loved it 
Back with the 
Whoop! Look at this brilliant new girlie. She's my Lady Windermere. Glad I offered her the job before she got snapped up!
Wedding fun with my love 
Saying bye to Big Brenda is hard! 
Great meeting you! 
Thank you and you too. 
We were joined by Ann's lovely family as we hijacked her Brownie meeting (sorry girls!) Ann was very surprised and shocked but incredibly grateful. She thanks everyone for their support, especially her family who are always behind her. Congrats Ann, from all in GMW 
THE OFFICIAL LOS ANGELES CARES - UNITED IN MUSIC FOR PUERTO RICO & MEXICO LINEUP IS HERE! + MANY SPECIAL GUESTS! 
I urge anybody who loves 
Please could people vote for my friend. She’s fantastic and an amazing pal of mine. Follow her aswell. You’ll 
Straight to the point, 
I’m loving 
Pizarro is closed all day today for a private event! José open as usual for that Monday tapas fix 
Official Acoustic Video Of Safe and Sound on YouTube on my new 
Little lunch dates are always a pleasure! Absolutely love this woman! Best agent ever!! Thank you for everything! 
How wonderful to see my gorgeous hubby 
Blessed to be part of all the love at 
English or Thai Signature Menu at The Crazy Bear 
Alumni Natalie Bennyworth ex jazz company and Seedtimer 
Lots to 
Great work 
Swansea 
Nov “I 
Great to see so much produce in our community garden at Avoniel. 
Being grateful for what I have keeps me going. I believe in GOD and I believe and respect every religion. 
A very beautiful morning to everyone from CHINA, 
 is out NOW ahhh go cop it
So much fun performing 
This is beautifullll
All 
Such a great story from Carolina, a doctor with the Italian Mobile Health ERU who until mom returned, didn’t know if the baby had survived. Amazing job guys!  
It’s not easy to leave my children for a deployment, I miss them everyday. I hope they grow up knowing that there is a larger world outside of their own, that they understand the importance of helping others and that they contribute positively in whatever way they are able. 
On average, 12 UK men a day commit suicide. These 12 men want to stop that. Proud my twin brother James is one of them.
Stop saying yes to everything and everyone. Stop agreeing with people just so you don't upset them. You are not a pushover. You weren't put on this world to be stressed so others can be happy and relaxed. Protect yourself.
Not since the Nabateans has the city of Petra enjoyed such a lively crowd and a fantastic musical performance! Bravo 
Happy Homecoming! Share your memories from the weekend using 
It’s hard not to leave our 
Every year is new but those you love are the same 
Ted Lindsay
Happy Birthday Dad
You inspire us every day, Bryan. 
What holidays are made for 
Good to start early and also model good behaviour! We need more places to be family friendly! 
Jo Knows...
Looking forward to welcoming Euros Childs 
Amazing time 
Happy Birthday to writer & actress of Sargad 
Thanks so much to 
If I needed faith restoring in folk clubs, which I didn't, 
 Initial Public Offering by 
If you get the key don’t fucking lose it, there are no spares 
Sending 
atdimusic tonight killing all my favourite teen tracks... 
Super happy time - kicking some troll butt on a game I helped voice! 
Two show day in this gorgeous setting. thursford_ 
Naturally this song has the mark of 
Oh Wow, Afflictions is being played for the first time by 
Thanks internets, you magical creature you, 
If you're offended over my SC I'm sorry. I apologise. All I was saying is I'm fine. And didn't need everyone to diagnose me on the daily.
! Was ahead of their time. 
Soooo beyond happy to see .
 to the amazing folks at 
Goodmorning people 
yaaassssss Baby Luv on C list 
Had a wicked few days in the Netherlands, now for our first show in Germany, Cologne! 
Last night was so beautiful. Thank you to everyone who came down for the first 
I Know You by Low Island is our 
I know he is now a Yankee but I will always have 
Please can you all check this out, thanks
 is so underrated! Check him out if you haven’t already! You won’t regret it! 
Been listening to "What Is Love" on repeat all day after discovering the beaut voice of 
Absolute craziness...Still on cloud 9. Thank you so much to everyone for the support. Biggest love from the bottom of my heart 
Happy to hear I won Breakthrough Act of the Year 
Happy Birthday to our girl with the Golden Heart,  Sparkling Mind and Searching Soul...  We love you Emmy!!! 
So happy to welcome 
PROUD TO ANNOUNCE WE WILL BE RETURNING TO JIMMYS IN JANUARY FOR A WONDERFUL ONE DAY FESTIVAL 
Back in Phoenix to play the biggest festival of the year for our hometown tomorrow. 
The mini-tour: a much more civilized practice.  Thank you SPOKANE BELLINGHAM & SALEM for bringing that lovin feeling.   
Vote for 'Retrospect' as your favourite track of the week for 
My morning prayer for you!!!!!! Just call me LOVE 
Some Like it HOT! Chilli & Garlic Seitan Bagel with grilled mushrooms, jalapeño peppers, red onion and hot pepper sauce. 
We've just prepared a stack of seitan sandwiches & bagels for everyone at the vigil we're attending tomorrow. 
Thank you Brooklyn / NYC for an incredible night last Saturday.. double the size of last year's show 
Always do my best to stick around after the show to meet everyone 
That Sydney and Nell moment 
tonight’s the night! 
unlikely friendship 
I've got my stall booked for the next Portsmouth Vegan Festival on 4th March and I can't wait 
With all the shit happening in the entertainment industry right now, I'd like to call out some of the bands that we've worked with that have been amazing people! Thank you 
Can't wait for this show with 
 these guys 
It’s been 6 months since the Manchester bombing happened and it’s still such an incredibly raw subject. Not a day goes by that you angels aren’t missed in Manchester. I can’t imagine how the families/friends of the victims are living without their loved ones. Fly high, angels
6 months since the manchester arena bombing & 6 months since we said goodbye to 22 innocent people who lost their lives. fly high angels 
Around this time last year I was on THE call with 
This is my absolute fav bookstore in 
 is following my dogs Instagram and my heart has nerve been so happy 
FANTASTIC DAY WITH FRIENDS IN KINGSTON 
 album #1 on radio charts in North America. 
WEEKEND IS HERE BABY 


Three VERY different songs for you to get into on 'Inbox Jukebox' - we're calling it the 
Voting for the next 
What a night 
I’m really lucky to call this group of gentlemen my friends AND band. We had an inspiring evening playing the 
Retweet if you 
'One of my favourite cities in England' 
Incredible show 
My new favourite school necessity 
Got my head in the game heading to the 2017 NORCECA Congress in Costa Rica. (But my 
Just the other day you were a kid from Jane-Finch and I was a kid from Scarborough. We had big dreams. Now we get to give back and help make the dreams of others come true. I’m so thankful for you, Dwight. Congrats Ali and Si!! Your futures are so bright.
Abby '18 is an Art History concentrator & fellow Peer Career Advisor! She loves contemplating Blueno on the green, and loves helping YOU during Open Hours! Come visit her and others from Sun-Fri from 1:30-3:30PM! 
Move ahead in faith.... 
The only one to whom I could ever give my heart. Happy anniversary, my wife. 
Black is Beautiful 
Congrats! You know we 
 bike photos 
For you or a loved one...take that first step to recovery 
Grab the tissues. We have a feeling 
Now you know! This IS 
Hope you 
Let's create change for Young Carers 
Heart full 
 A true gem of a man.
Twitter, honestly sometimes I 
So so so happy to hear this! 
TDOR reminder - using a trans-identified person’s pronoun IS a big deal for them, and you could save their life by doing so!

Please stay safe 
My thoughts and prayers are with everyone and anyone who may have been affected by this tragedy. 
Leap is such a cute movie 
i would never lie. i love jack very much and would never ever cheat on him.
super stoked to announce the drop of our online merch store 
 Well done! It has such a beautiful evening. 
One of my favourite things about staying with 
And i don’t know why my phone doesn’t like me using I and subs it for crazy As and symbols. “Stop talking about yourself”. Screw you, I
Devastated by the life lost in Iran/Iraq due to the deadliest earthquake we've witnessed this year 
Luv this lady 
Thanks for the B-Day LOVE!!!! 
Love this. 
Just couldn't fit it all in a tweet 
One last adventure. Thank you to everyone who supported us along the way. Much 
throwback to SCAD film festival 
Thank you all 
here we go....one of the most profound four years of my life.  gratitude & respect for all involved.  & 
awwww thanks sis.  
After: 
So happy for this daughter & daddy reunion 
Really proud of and happy for the journey 
15% of sales tomorrow at our San Antonio location will be donated to Eisenhower Middle School! 
ricky loves 
This gingerbread caramelicious is making the Halloween let down easier.  And THE CUPS! 
I love these 
Happy Anniversary 
Ok. I might not be able to go but I’ll buy 10 tickets and give them away to 
You got to love 
Wow... thanks for sharing this with powerful poem with us, Craig  
What an incredible woman 
Parents, you are doing a great job 
Thank you to everybody who gave all their energy to make this weekend so dope. Thank you 
My London run of Ladsladslads is now on sale I love you 
my adaptation of Pride and Prejudice has been published so you can put it on for your parents 
Thank you to all those that came out to support us on our first live show last week. More to come. Siyabonga! 
Another smash hit on 
What a show! Thank you to all those who pulled through last Friday. 
Another smash on 
My lady
By 
In addition to receiving funds, 
Dream come true making my 
Most amazing honour being called into the 
She's amazing
Such a wonderful soul in and our 

 that’s bro!
 I loved this, Please RT 
Loved collabing with 
Looking forward to meeting extended members of our WHS family this morning at Grandparents Day festivities.   We 
Anyone near manchester able to put up 8 lovely people tonight? More than happy to sleep on the floor 
Let's send some love to Archie 
Love from Seattle 
Barry Brass Band
Holidays are great, happy to spend time with the family in campbell river 
If you are still interested in helping by volunteering your time for Grenfell or other important causes, please let us know! Thank you 
Final call for tomorrow! We need volunteers at Chiswick Safestore from 9am to help move donations. You will be briefed on arrival thank u 
What a night! 
Nope, us and 
my buds 
Happy mother's day mama
Miss my sis
 this. Love ALL vegetables. 
I seriously can’t wait to share what happened this morning... the happiest I’ve been In a long time and so proud of this... God is good 
I choose to remember last night as being a celebration of women, of Diana, of Whitney, of love and life and joy and all things good. THANKYOU to everyone that had the courage to take that stage- wether it be right side up or sideways. All love 
These albatross are lifelong partners. 
A message from my brother 
Such a clever invitation
Students 
Bring it Bank Holidayers! We're prepped up with 
I’m so grateful for so many memories - but my mind is laser focused on the future 
Calling 
Finally signed and will officially be furthering my education and running career at the University of Utah!! 
LoveDay 
happy birthday sweet girl
Thanks Becky much love 
Thanks lo I'll never forget you 
Thanks jj love uuu 
 I am thankful for all of the endless conferences (KYA, LTC, GFI) and the opportunity to lead people at KYA.
I know I’m late but..thank you KYA for five years of intense debates, $4 smoothies, and wonderful friendships
happy bday to my blooda love you big guy
Eight cities, the brightest world class swimming stars, world records, a million smiles and countless emotions: all of this has been our 2017 with FINA/Airweave Swimming World Cup! Re-live here its beautiful story! 
Happy birthday Macy!!
Happy birthday Nikki G!!
Happy birthday, Elli!!!!! You're a wonderful person
Parade of stars... 
Happy birthday Kim thank you for being a goat love you 
Happy Birthday Haley love you 
Happy Birthday to my brother imma miss you next year love you 
Happy birthday to my dawg for life! 
When you're driving and your friends say cmon Brandi get out for a senior pic!!! Lol love this place 
Sending out 
RT if you 
Happy birthday brunch my beautiful Malena 
 We 
Although u have been gone 18yrs ur spirit + legacy lives on. I see it in this sweet girl everyday! Love & miss u always
Happy World Kindness Day! Visit 
I'm performing in Chicago tonight, opening act for the Amazing 
FKAG seattle/pdx last month was so amazing and full of friends, music, art

LA kids, fkag on-sale & announce is at 11am today w/ a new lineup. 
tix start at $5. let’s get it.

Dec 16 at 
Missing that smile 
I needed a Kleenex for this one 
Because cuteness 
 helping me celebrate 
Who fancies helping a girl get to 300 subscribers? Would be so grateful! 
Would appreciate it if you could check out my channel Fifi The Unicorn! 
a nice reminder 
Awful to hear about the news, RIP Chester 
have you EVER???? First day, first LOVE
For our 20th event, two days of creative community-building & a brand new StartUp Award. 
Coming together so nicely! Seeing all the great new work come in is our favorite thing 
12 years ago today, Eddie Guerrero sadly passed away. 

Miss you Eddie
If you're old enough to vote today I encourage you before voting to reach your final decision without using mainstream media, that's all. 
thank you for 12k 
100 likes wtf 
Selling GTA 5 Modded Acc for ALL consoles DM
Selling Pre-Transfered GTA acc NOW!!!
Disappointing night but we’ll fight together till the end!!
Love always , the fans of this city are amazing , the future is great....
We win as a team and lose as a team always, we're in this all together with our fans!! Thanks for the brilliant support, get home safe
What a night!!!
Love this! 
This puppy was given away because he was different — now he needs a forever home where he can be his silly self 
Raptors & Smite 
It's official, I get to call my best friend and the most amazing girl in the world, mine forever 
Thank you for the amazing opportunity, 
Whew, What a Weekend! Did you enjoy 
About to give this beautiful soul my last name in 38 days!
 spectators used the 
I’m live 
We might be loud and proud but we’re humble in defeat. Thanks for an amazing event from everybody involved 
 if you wish you were watching a Best Fiends show on 
HUGE SHOUTOUT TO 
REMEMBER:

Surround yourself with positive people who will support you when it rains, not just when it shines.


Shoutout to all the people that have helped change gamers lives.

Whether it be just watching, subbing, lurking, or just RT’ing a content creators work.

We all would be nowhere without you. 

Thank you. 
AMAZING stream today on 
THANK YOU ALL FOR 60,000 FOLLOWERS ON 
Date Day at Disney!! 
Next free 
Congrats 2016!! You will be missed 
.@DoriHigginsr repurposed one of our boxes to give this little guy a home! Adorable 
ReTweet if you've ever stayed at this beautiful resort in Depoe Bay. 
Do our 
 I Just Want You To Know That I Already Appreciate You Because You Have 
What a great morning at 
The girl next door. 
I love him
Doing a meet and greet in 
Happy birthday IgNar 
Find a guy who looks at you the way 
Welcome to our streaming partner: Twitch 
thank you Aly for being so brave and sharing what happened with the world. You are an inspiration to so many. I love and support you always.
happy veterans day dad 
Thanks for all the new followers and subs tonight. Stream was fun 
Completely blown away by all the kind words I’ve received after winning Esports Photographer of the Year! Thank you all so much, I can’t tell you how much I appreciate it. Last night will stay with me forever 
1st place and guaranteed playoffs. 
Funny how life works, everything happens for a reason. 

Keep pushing thru whatever you're battling it gets better 
Amazing community, amazing people. I feel so lucky to be involved in something so great!!

Thank you all for grading me with your company, you know how to make a girl feel loved 
Fingers crossed for 
Look at that sunset! 
He’s a giant bull with an even bigger heart. 
My when we lost against 
This account turns 2 years old today. I just want to thank anyone who’s ever liked a post of mine. To entertain in this somewhat *unorthodox* way has been an absolute blessing. Extra noggin pats on me today 
10 tix left as of last night for tonight's show at The EAGLE Inn in Salford 
Headed to 
My wife and me 
We still have some 
Shout out to 
my 2017 esports showreel

i have two events under my belt and i can't wait to continue to improve.


Totally underrated band 
So proud of this like I've never been proud before, the amount of love that went into the making of this is just silly! 
I was thinking about last year. Ppl thought i wasnt good or even if some ppl said bad words. But immortals gave me chance to prove myself and i did. I very appreciate it for immortals and my teammates
Since it's still the 9th in Seattle... 14 years with my wonderful 
They deserve it 
GG Brazil ! Holy Moly this game is so fucking beautiful and give in my career 10000000 hearts attack!!!! Someday we will back 
wow tucson thank you for that energy. see you again in AZ in january 
Last night of the US tour, thank you all so much! 
The TV screens are my fave ahahahaa thank you 
"All that I am, I owe to my mother"~ George Washington  

Happy Mother's Day easytobekind 
Happy happy birthday to one of my favorite people, 
so proud of my wild babies from 
Flying back to CPH for BLAST event later this week, always happy to be at your events 
Wanna see a really nice frag movie !? Here you go boys, loved it ! 
Be part of G2ARMY ! It's never too late ! 
Happy birthday bro 
Best fucking birthday. I love this team, they are family to me 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes  
Rest in peace. 
"You should never doubt your capacity to make a difference, because you can, and you will." - 
Thank You Thank You Thank You! Last night was the last show. Goodbye for now dear tour mates and audiences and theaters! I'm so grateful!
Ernst Neizvestny=an incredible artist/human.Was once at an event w/him&didn't want to bother him for a hi.He's gone now& I so regret it.
Places that give you a sample taco. 
Hey all. I started a fund to help me see the world before I can't. Any help would be great. 
Austin TX Thank You 
I’m covered in paint and have no makeup on so thank the lord for Snapchat filters! Jamming to my favourite one 
I remember when I heard Loveless for the first time and fell in love, today I was front row watching 
I LOVE this time of the year…. 12 days of GRiZMAS is back!!! In the spirit of love and giving, lets all come together and spread the good vibes. 100% of proceeds going to 
Oregon you beautiful thing 
Denver Colorado Thank You 
fellow 
I'm really going to miss 
Calling all people with space in their 
The Adventures of Wolfdog & Dirtboy... TONIGHT 10 
Give us all your 
We're so proud of 
Swank up your turntable with our new logo slip mats!!! They're super rad! 
Group shot with 
Nashville, NYC, Houston, & LA - I’m bringing I Don’t Believe We’ve Met to you. Limited release party pre-order packages available tonight at 7pm local time. Your order gets your name on the guest list & VIP packages include a M&G 
 can’t wait to hug you in Houston!!
Yay! See you in Cali 
My home town shows!! 
Hope you guys love the 
Hope 
 Piano Love 
Sneak peak from our 
We were delighted to host this beautiful wedding for Felicity and James! 
Teamed up w 
I love ya, Cali 
Prayers, thoughts, love and strength for Paris . 
That should be an end to the connectivity trouble. We know we're repeating ourselves, but we're sorry for the hassle all the same. Thank you so much for your patience 
It was awesome seeing all of you DPC docs and hearing about how your practices are going! We were stoked to be there. 
The season of giving is a perfect time to support 
Crossed 1 Million 
The highlight of our 
 this week really highlights about the plastic in our oceans and how it is killing our marine life. Think about how much you use and how you can make our planet a better place so that our future generations will still see our amazing marine life 
Such a brilliant night organised by such a lovely team 
Style inspiration from 
Thank you Milano and 
The proudest dad you'll ever meet 
When it was meant to be your anniversary but your bestie takes you out on a date night instead 
 Just to say that as an Urgent Care Doctor I watched the 
Finally catching up on 
 beautiful new fundraising leaflets just arrived, thx 
can’t believe one of my biggest inspirations in music is gone. rip lil peep 
brother 
RANSOM IS ONE YEAR OLD TODAY. I LOVE ALL OF YOU, THANK YOU FOR A CRAZY YEAR 
all orders are out. sorry for the wait guys 
'Clouds in Hot Jupiter atmospheres' by Dr Vivien Parmentier) 
Looking great, 
This just came on Create Station 
i will be joining 
Rest In Peace Lil Peep. 
Go watch this video right now, it’s amazing.
You two never fail to entertain me
From last night in Philly!!! Thank you guys 
So happy my mom and dad could come to the show tonight in NYC. Today was a blast. 
Times Square with my best friend 
Instead of building more walls, let’s build more bridges - 
The best festival family and co! Today's the big day! Who will I see out there today?!
This is crazy:) thank you to everyone who's taken the time to listen
Thanks Brian! Those who have received 
 I bended some rules and finally listened to you on 
I love these people!!!! 
Beyond proud of having two images in the National Portrait gallery’s Taylor Wessing Exhibition. And again that the Guardian are leading with my photo of little Maggie 
Studio floor singing happiness...many, many layers of oil paints.  glitters and love woven into this piece. It is called 'you are all I ever dreamt of' 
Dartmoor beauty 
Love this woman's work so much. Check out my dear friend @rahrivers_studio for beautiful heartfelt creations 
Today we celebrate our wonderful stage management and creative team, the secret squirrels who never get to take a bow 
Horrified at this tragedy & attack against the LGBT commUNITY. We are w/ you. Each practice in this space is 4 you
We couldn’t agree more! We 
Head down to Lees library tonight 6pm-7pm for cake and chat! 
Thanks to our lovely 
Thank you, Anne-Katrin 
Big up everyone that passed through 
 go 
What an absolute please to chat to these chaps for 
Tonight, our 2017 Family Storytime Company end their time with us as they present what they have learned throughout the year. 
 bat is still up for grabs 
Go see this 
I now pronounce you 'friend and friend' this weekend reminded me of the value of friendship and how special these people are. What a lucky woman I am to share the world with women like 
We Are Live!!! 
Chandler and Joey 
Endless possibilities! 
Too much jokes with 
Our army of WOWsers are a flurry of activity, busy painting 
Wishing you all the look of love this happy Valentine's Day 
Valentine's special - 25% off aeropress and V60! Don't miss out on the perfect gift for that special someone 
"Absolute pleasure"
My Dad, Uncle lettsdon and Cousin 
A massive part of growing up, so much laughter shared with Brucie, what a legend 
Keep an eye out for our cheeky debut in tomorrow's 
Is all about 
 from us to you, on this, 
Inspired by these incredibly talented young people today who want to inspire others to make our streets safer 
 to the Nottingham crew this weekend 
The Ts in 
Congratulations to Britney Chau for winning Single League Championship for tennis and representing Orange Glen at CIF. Also congratulations on being athlete of the week!
Thanks so much RA for taking the time to review JB and my new LP 
Amazing show by 
This crew though... 
UP NOW!! FIRM001-FIRM004 on our bandcamp 
My first ever music video is out now for my single Fall Asleep!!! Big up to 
We love our 
Thanks everyone who helped with the screen shots from Special!  REALLY appreciate it! 
We love you, 
Wow. Still soaring from last night’s 
Exciting adventures ahead for FCPS students with capstones!  Student inquiry, voice, and Portrait of a Graduate! 
Loyalty...
When our fears come to pass & the dust begins to settle; we find fewer obstacles w/ the capacity to hold us back. I
Do you guys have We Are KING on vinyl? Show us a pic or grab your copy at 
I'm planning a pilgrimage to my native land. 
Farringdon this Saturday 
Got some good news to share! I did the 
I don't know what tomorrow will bring. I'm just grateful in this moment. 
How awesome was this on 
Rise up for LOVE today and EVERY day!
What a beautiful story! Keep dreaming BIG 
This moment brought to you by the sun's transition into Sagittarius this morning. You're welcome! 
Check it out! I talk my HOT CHOCOLATE NUTCRACKER with 
We are so EXCITED to perform at the 
Me too.
’s HOT CHOCOLATE NUTCRACKER!!! Join us at Redondo Beach Performing Arts Center 12/7-10 for this MAGICAL production the entire family will enjoy! TIX: 
“Your only limit is YOU.”
The NEW Chloé & Maud 
If you’re looking for a tap shoe that’s affordable&cute, ask for the Chloe&Maud tap shoe made by 
 our show invites by 
Doing what I love most in tevyncole 
On is my favoriteeeeeeee
Friend goals
I have a new poem in the world! Thank you 
 Taken by leegumbsphotography 
RSVPs now open for 11/3 V&V I
my friends 
I'm just going to leave this here...
I love you pesantemikey with all my heart 
I'm just gonna leave this here...
I love you pesantemikey with all my heart 
 is fast approaching and we can't wait to share the love with ya’ll on 
If you haven’t already, make sure you check out my feature on 
 Sat. Nov 25th confirmed for impromptu J. Otis Powell‽ Birthday Celebration Jam and Potluck 

We Welcome... 
This book!! 
Obviously can't put this one on the real twitter bc my job doesn't know I got arrested butttt 
New track with Troy Garrick soon
And yes, everyone needs to be held accountable when they commit anti-Native acts. No one gets a free pass. But devolving immediately to anti-blackness is not ok. 
I promise to do my part 
Got me a real one.
Here we go. Tune in between 4-7 pm tonight to hear the first play of my brand new single. Row The Body will be available to stream and download from tomorrow 10th of November. So I’m looking forward to the entire 
loved doing this fall balayage for 
Best Birthday Wishes to 
Seriously such an amazing weekend with so many wonderful people!!! 
DAY 22: 
Wow you're the sweetest. 
 always & forever imaginative 
 we had so much fun racing you at the Crit today!  
It takes a team to innovate and build hope. We 
Cheers! 
Sending free coffee to evacuees & volunteers at the Finley Community Center. 
Today I support Arsenal 
Absolutely Amazing 
Cmon Arsenal 
Celebrating 41 years of marriage with my husband Charlie. Here’s to 41 more years of happiness and fun with you! 
logging the fuck off for a wholesome weekend with my dog, friends and grandad and i suggest everyone does the same. thanks for all your support, look after yourselves 
Lil Peep forever
Hope!
It’s Election Day! Go VOTE! First General Election for my sweet girl! 

lil peep was so fucking special and kind but very clearly struggling. talk to your loved ones. have difficult conversations. try and help them to help themselves. look after yourselves today and always.
I’m so obsessed with the Miss Universe class this year! And of course my girl 
Feasting with friends 
. Beat Michigan 
Love our mystery readers 
Doors are open to the 3rd Annual 
As a Legacy Whisperer, my love for Prometheus grows by the day. 2.0 is amazing and I’m inspired by this transformational project. 
During the last 4 years, DPDK did 12 releases and more than 10,000 patches, with the participation of more than 600 contributors. 

Fastly provides CDN for 
Fastly has served nearly 100TB of GHC, Haskell Platform, and Hackage downloads in 2017. 
cURL - which we use at Fastly - has 2x the number of contributors since 2010, now at over 1620 total. During the last 12 months they've added 160 new names to the list of helpers. Thanks 
Upgrading to 
"We're all humans first, developers second." Caring for your fellow developers talk 
Sad to leave 
Fave off-duty combo at the moment 
Another awesome 
Okay, so we're doing this! What follows will be a thread of anime I've watched in 2017! Feel free to ask for more info abt any of these 
let’s start a thread of trans writers whose work we want to boost! reply to this tweet w/ recs? 
I will never forget this 
Mine too! 
And thank YOU Barnes and Noble! :-) 
The amount of love pouring out of the 
So, it’s official!  We’re bringing Perception Check to 
Out today is issue 5 of 
so sad to hear of the passing of david cassidy...  he was always so kind to me - such a pleasure to have had him on my show...  sending love and prayers to his family...  R.I.P. friend 
thank YOU, kathleen!  sending love to your family 
thanks, rachel...  i do it for YOU 
And the winner of the coolest fish of the night goes to...
RT: Sea-toad.

Wow what an honor to meet THE one and only 
Congrats to all my fellow nominees (and friends) 
Whoa! Thank you 
 - Saw ‘Wait For Your Laugh’ @ the Village East tonight. Fantastic! Amazing woman, amazing life. Thank you so much for sharing your story. 
“Why not just commit to Garamond #3 and never think about it again?” 

Bigots are red

Protesters are blue

We are not paid advocates 


Catt
Thanks for a fantastic con, 
 Hi, Vienna! Super-excited to be a guest at 
Is there anything that 
 yes!!!! ‘Expect the unexpected!’ Love it 
Tell us: Between you and your kiddos, who's more excited to see the iconic 
Bye, Della Reese. Loved you for so many reasons. Especially when you brought a lawn chair to sit on the red carpet at the Emmys 
some of my favorites from the hammer museum today 
Thanks for the memories in 2017, Angels fans!


Barnard alumnae know what’s up! 
Gorgeous cygnet rescue yesterday! 
Such a nice boy! Someone please adopt him! 
Some gorgeous little faces from today's puppy party!! They LOVED the chicken flavoured toothpaste! 
Top Blog Post of the Week 
Honoring trans patients, advocates, clinicians & staff on this 
Sound checkin for 
Me and My boy. 
Creative People Can’t Be Stopped
Da SUE
Jessica Andrea Performs "Medicine" 
It's so affirming when someone takes the time to learn you 
it’s never too early for christmas music especially if 
Thank you for sharing the love
Ok I’m addicted to the ‘Drift Away’ game by 
I’m so proud to be a part of this campaign 
I love you guys soooo much 
Do what you do with love and passion 
Loved the first three eps of 
Ride on, Malcolm 
Thanks to everyone who submitted your fan art for the "chosen family" contest! Proud to announce the winner, Kelly from Knoxville, TN! Her "You Are Loved" design is now featured on a tee that benefits 
Molly and Karolina are the absolute faves
My sister Kate from 
2017 
So proud of you little sis
My boys! 
Welcome to Miami ! 
ysl 
Thank you, thank you, thank you 
LOVE 
 aidencurtiss for nlvogue Styling mrvanheel Hair Make-Up irena.ruben 
The awesome  
aidencurtiss in 
Wonderful fundraiser show for orange_babies! Such a great organization and cause! 
What a day s_blomqvist 
really fun night at 

donate 
Well done to AFCCT!  What a fantastic achievement and well deserved 
Delighted to see another great turn out for 
I use the 
It's finally here! Pow Wow kicks off TONIGHT at 7pm! And the best part? IT'S FREE FOR FSU STUDENTS (with valid ID)
Therapets at today’s 
Great Health Walk this morning!  Next one at 2.30pm in the upstairs lobby 
I love it!!!! They did a good job 
I adore you 
 Why is this the first time I've heard this song?! I love it! 
Give thanks in the perfect attire with company you 
Wait til you meet PaPa Hardy 
Who's watching with us tonight??!! So excited for the 
When you host a show for your favorite artist and he sings a song just for you, you sit back with a heart full of gratitude and feel all the love 

Invited 5 random people to Steve's show during my travel day and they ALL came. That just made my heart grow with even more 
How much do you 
I’m working on I
"Go find what it is that inspires you, go find what you love, and do it until it hurts." Christmas Day Reads 
I'll be hanging w/ 
So much love! Britney Spears got adorably emotional introducing Jamie Lynn Spears at the Grand Ole Opry. 
Working with 
Sipping coffee and watching daddy hang stuff in the new baby boys room 
Had a blast hosting the red carpet tonight for 
You’re the strongest man I’ve ever met. I’m so proud of you and I
I’m so beyond proud of you. You work so hard and it’s all paying off. Keep ballin, my love ... I
So thankful for everyone at MV who went to every game to everyone on the team and everyone who cheered us it’s been so crazy and wild these 4 years and I’m happy to say I
Please consider giving to TCC this holiday. They provide wonderful care for amazing children 
I still love my redwolves no matter what!!! Prayers our guys and 
Another solid win by 
Tomorrow it'll be gone, but the memories will last forever. 

We love you, 
Finished! 
“Every generation has to do their part to keep pushing forward.” Happy birthday to 
missing Australia more than ever right now. you did good. 
Holy Hannah 
Sometimes our greatest journeys need to be walked alone. Your hopes and dreams are just that, Yours. They do not need to be shared by your loved ones, only supported
Haven't been to the london Capitol office since 5sos lived here, brings back a lot of memories. Missed u guys here 
The feeling is quite mutual lady! 
Thanks ya'll 
 Posted a video on 
 We have started a foundation in Matilda's name to keep her inspiration and memory alive. The… 
My world was forever changed 2 years ago today. I miss your gorgeous smile & funny personality. You are loved & missed by so many! 
Happy Birthday to one of our favorite country singers, 
L
O
V
E
S

Happy birthday brother, love you
The best off day 
Good luck to the MVHS marching band as they head off to Fresno for the state championship 
Baby chain gang 
Thankful to have my momma back 
Time to 
Love you buddy
LETS GO PROUD OF YOU BUDDY 
Happy birthday to my brother! I wouldn’t have wanted to grow up with anybody else! Love you brother! 
Nooooo. At least you have the whole week to get it done! Good luck and happy early thanksgiving 
Thanks Chan! Love you too big dawg
happy birthday to one of the biggest studs I know! love you my man, enjoy the day 
I am SO PROUD OF YOU 
Happy birthday sweet 
God is SO good! Prayers are being answered
Pure LOVE 
Jersey! Who will I see at 
Came out by myself to hang with 1300 strangers and listen to 
Hallway walks and big life talks with the love of my life 
12 
 Campus Facility Services for always keeping campus clean and looking its best! 
Jawz & Jazzy are thankful for their friendship! 
 all of the staff in 
 our friends in 
Oh yeah 
Upload a photo to Instagram with your copy of OBAMA: AN INTIMATE PORTRAIT using hashtag 
What I 
Trunk or treat was definitely treated at Alcorn Elementary. 
Frankie counting in Spanish. Look at his gorgeous face 
Playing the 
This is just the BEST!!! Little Penelope was slated to die then a wonderful woman from MINNESOTA stepped up big time. Well, look at Penelope now!!! Thanks to all who retweeted this sweet baby's plight and helped save her life!!! 
LOVE this from the one and only 
How cool is this?! Just in time for the holidays and you're helping 
Take 15% off now at 
Today we visited 91-year-old actor Tom Travers at home. Tom doesn't have the internet so it was fantastic 2 finally show him HActresses & scenes @ the RSL where Tom plays the role of Doug Coleman alongside 
Home studio day before laying down some more parts for Album 5 next week! 
The moment you ruin 
A big shout out to Tracey in New Zealand for sending in her Healthy Healing sighting. 

Where are you reading it? 

Send your picture to: info@my1fitlife.com and I will share it here.

Tracey, New Zealand is on my bucket list! It looks gorgeous. 
Life is not a competition. 

The only person you should try to beat today is the person you were yesterday. 

I hope we all win. 

Good morning world. Go get it. 

Michelle 
Health and fitness ARE NOT about a number on the scale.  

Live life, be happy, move, and eat clean. 

Don't be obsessed with your relationship with gravity. 

Good night world,

Michelle 
Starting over is hard. 

I know because I've done it.

I'm not here to say it's easy or that their is a time frame on new beginnings. 

I'm simply here to say that it can be done & it can be beautiful. 

You are still here for a reason. 
Your story is not complete....

Pick up the pen and keep writing. 

You are still here for a reason. 

Good morning world,

Michelle 
This life is up to you.

Nobody is going to save you - it's time you save yourself. 

You are still here for a reason. 

Good morning world,

Michelle 
The Bellas x The Voice Top 12 = one aca-awesome music video! 
We decided to share the 
Feeling so grateful for this little heart that already beats inside me right next to mine. And for all the hearts that have gathered around me in support during such a tender time 
Sunday feels . Family day! 
Thanks for the love 
Thank you so, so much for your 
Going out on 'Mesmerising '. Thank you to all who came, supported and championed the whole thing. I loved it 
Prop 1 went down! Thanks 2 R incredible 
Loving the love for Muriel 
We need 100,000 Americans to sign the card thanking our troops this Thanksgiving. 
 fantastic racing from the team today. Thanks to 
Trained by 
Our love's an asylum. Where we go, go, go, go crazy 
Magnifique 
Voting is now open for the 
Derek Guest and Kirsten Joerg are two of my favorite Longwood University grads 
Watch this amazing new scene on 
3 days to go until 
Today on Set for 
One of the biggest honors ever
Our CEO 
Although she is so beautiful and I love her boobs, one must concentrate on other parts also for the perfect experience 
AMAZING. This veteran thanked me so much for giving him a free turkey for Thanksgiving. I am thankful for the men and women in uniform that serve for our country. Thanks for your service 
Prater, we LOVE YOU! 
Longest Night Ever. Though the cut was deep, yet, Phobia's 
I love you always, Grandma Flawless. 
ITS NEVER TO EARLY TO BE A HOE  HOE HOE 
Pamper Your Callers with Kula Tunes!! 
We met years ago, and last night our paths aligned again for a reason. ‘The plights interject’ man like 
Day 2- Come see us on Stand D27 at 
Can't wait to see you in the UK 
I had the honor of writing a script for 
She’s ready to take your calls on 0207 501 1540 
Yesterday’s dinner was created by the famous 
 A Sexy Amazing Lady Always Respect Always Nice Thank you So Much 
♛♛♛♛♛♛♛♛♛
 ♛Happy Birthday♛ 
 ♛♛♛♛♛♛♛♛♛
 
love the feeling of the sun on my cheeks 
Because why not... Silly faces with these lovely ladies at 
Playtime with my beautiful 
100 followers to 5K.. Go go go!
Goodnight honey 
Still thinking about that sweet times! 
Random pics of me. Show me love... 
 Thanq 4covering my tattoo so well on filming 
Happy Birthday to

Its good to be home 

To my new follower 


You guys & gals are the best! I 
VOTE > 
I want to play with you and make you come 
Hi guys! remember that you can watch my show and play with me at 
VERY HOT FOR YOU!! 
I’d 
Liberation! A week with 
Gettin’ excited for game time! 
London baby
Wet Wednesday 
Where's all my voters this week on 
Keep voting on 
Wish you could just follow 
Here's another! Wanna see the video? Get this to 50 RTs! Happy Saturday! 
still 3 hours left. ready to meet me? 
Yes! Finally done with my calendar! Preview will be up tomorrow 
Hope you’re having s great day 
Rate These Sexy Beauties 1-10 
 Hard training for 
Enjoy up to 50% off selected lingerie styles on 
 exhibition by 
 
You Are The Greatest 
The sleeping beauties! 
Tweet me a pic or gif of your favourite scene of mine for a followback 
Check this out everyone 
Oh my god!!!! What an amazing show! Loved every minute! Dancing by the stage at the end, want to see again 
This my friend Gary Loyd who tragically passed away yesterday having fallen down stairs in his house ! Great bloke! Devastated for his family! Shook me to the core!RIP pal! 
 myself and 
We will take that!

#5* 
Pls all friends family & supporters click the pre-order link now & download 2017 Christmas Number 1

Happy 5 year anniversary to my amazing wifey for life’y 
so pleased people are interested in the scheme, thank you for having me today 
Looking forward to meeting 
Signs posted out today to Costa Grimsby, Costa Cleveland, Costa head office, 4 to Inverclyde and 1 to Northwich! The Chatter & Natter movement is growing 
This sounds amazing! Well done Oldham library! 
Our volunteer Zack at Crompton library's loneliness get together. 
Don't forget Crompton library I'm Oldham tonight 6pm -7pm. A chance to eat cake and share experiences of feeling lonely. 'Think AA for loneliness' All ages welcome 
Chatter & Natter tables coming to libraries in Inverclyde soon! 
As much as we love Oldham, nothing beats going to Manchester for work. What a city! 
The first Chatter & Natter table in Wales will be at Borth Family Centre! Diolch (thank you in Welsh) 
Morning everyone on this frosty morning. Is it too early to mention the 'C' word? Christmas of course!! 
Looks great! Glad they 
Trimbles class working in stations to talk about character conflict, cause and effect, and grammar work. So fun to see Ss 
When you teach a lesson and students make you artwork about it after 
Who doesn't 
New post all about the brilliant 
Starting a new read today 
The target 1$ spot gets me every time! Hoping to do a "minute meeting" with each student to connect and check in & to remind them I care 
Uploading my wedding video in just a few! It will be on my Vlog channel- so make sure you’re subscribed & get the notifications!! 
New video will be up tomorrow!! Been dealing with some things today so i wasn’t able to get one up. 
A beautiful voice from a beautiful country  .. Wales 
Collaboration, consistency, & ClassDojo. 
We're thankful for amazing schools like Edison Elementary w 24 Ts, 650 Ss, 1,000+ Ps & 
Love this post from 
Some great tribute acts coming to our Thursday nights festive fun... 
E is for 
Lovely evening last night at the NWFA2017. Honoured to win Women's Player of the Year. Was especially nice having my dad there, my biggest supporter from day one
Thanks for letting me be a kid again 
We're glad you 
Ash, I love what you wrote
Made In Chelsea tonight!!!!! And this little minx is backkk 
Love you guys! Thank you for making our first show in Spain/Catalonia so wonderful! 
 Send someone a virtual hug today! 
A humongous thanx 2 
 A Friend Is A Treasure 
Australia has voted Yes to equal marriage - once again showing idiotic politicians and journalists are light years behind the public 
The Great Hall and Gryffindor common room! 
the castle. always the castle 
Great idea! I hope there's some left! All donations go to 
Best friends' day out 
Yesterday Cape Verde Day 1: I've been allowed on social media lol It's beautiful here! 
What a proud moment! Manushi Chhillar 
Our favourite Nav Lada (Nine Strand) Necklace 
 that song!!
 fans - check out these new 
 ya right back....
And so, today’s meeting room looks like this... I
9 Days to Go : The Bridal Show at Holiday Inn Leicester Sunday 10 September… 
Today, FOCUS on this amazing French designer Zü ! 

thank you!!! So much!! Just leaving work - best news to start the weekend on! 
Welcome to the Laserdome... 
 9 hours of 
Thank you so much to everyone who was part of 
Please check out my debut special, 
New show! 
Absolutely love the references to the past Doctors in the new Doctors outfit. 
Thinking of those who gave their lives for all of us, R.I.P 
Thanks to everyone at Norwich Eskimo Dance 
Norwich very soon 
COMPANY 
VICTORY FOR YORK A! So proud of the boys giving it their all! 
My teammates never cease to amaze me. So proud of  
I've put yet more UCL Holocaust Beacon School material to be copied & laminated in reprographics for the new Yr 9 SOL. Work in progress. 
Honored to be included on this list! 
Sending all the best vibes to my #1, 
Go Gophers! 
So much LOVE 
happy birthday ry miss you 
happy birthday sunshine i miss you hope it's a good one 
We watched him, so great to see adaptive rowers out!! 
A local share from our friends at Market Mafia
We love THE NEW BARKER 
THANK YOU BB!!
Love you sm girly
Thanks chikaaaa!!! I’ll be back passing soon enough 
Love you too!!!!
Thanks bb girl 
happy bday alexia!!! i love u so much and i’m so happy you’ve been by my side through it all. thank you for all the memories
happy birthday lex!! love and miss ya hope i can see ya soon
Thank you bb!!
Love you too!!
Thank you!!
Aww love ya sm!!! Thanks dawg 
5,000 people in Eugene, Oregon last night. Thanks for the memories. 
SO EXCITED AND INCREDIBLY PROUD OF YOU 
 -U R a class act! That kid will NEVER forget what u did that night! 
Loooooooved your number on 
We're diggin' this 
This show. This cast. This team 
My cousin, a 
NEWSIES is finally yours to watch whenever, wherever. Download your copy today — available at digital retailers. 
Love you, Fansies! 
Go go go! Congrats brilliant 
When your friends are social justice warriors and bring a whole new meaning to a power brunch 
Compassion, empathy and emotional availability/visibility are not signs of weakness. We need to show our boys that being a man is about 
My first single is coming soon!
Thank you for the support. Share and follow me 
Old School 1959

Follow me for Gigs/Releases

Awwww! Thank you! 
This Sunday at 
So much fun to be back. 
Happy to be a part 
KETTLEBELL KARDIO! Here's a classic cardio stack using a single kettlebell. Perform each move… 
J/K BEN WYATT FOREVER 
And that’s a wrap! Thanks for following and retweeting my updates! They are much appreciated. 
“The falling leaves
drift by the window
the autumn leaves
of red and gold...” - 
What’s your favorite song off of 
On Christmas Eve when I was little, I remember feeling too excited to fall asleep...wasn't sure I'd ever feel that magic again.
Happy 100th to one of my greatest influences...the one and only 
My heart is melting. 
Legend. 
In our own little contemporary bubble 
Thank you for writing to tell me this. 
 I Love you !!
"Give all the Darla's of the world hope." Thank you for that Takeda
Oh wow. Thank you Benita 
Thank you Ashley 
 was beautiful!! 
So gonna miss all this!! 
Record drops tomorrow!!! Get the jams at 
Big thanks to the creators I support for their innovation, creativity, vision, & for just being cool people!  Your work makes every day brighter! 
 Needs more 
Thanks for joining us for 
Yesterday on 
Yesterday's 
Today's 
Caught the 2nd airing 
Donate £3 to 
THANK YOU, ATLANTA 
We made it to 900 likes on Facebook - thank you! If you haven't liked us there, please do. 
Hands down the best quality hats around! 
The love I have for this company is unreal. 
I love you guys so so much 
U love house n u dont even know it yet 
proud of australia for once 
Going to miss Debbie’s killer pipes. Love that energy. 
The fact that 
Hey y’all follow me on my more personal page on insta ( @ jobertrames ) if you’re interested in seeing some other pics of tour life 
TEXAS... I honestly can’t remember a better weekend of shows I’ve ever had! ATX + Houston + Dallas you guys went so hard and I have so much love for all of you 
new song One Thing out now on 
I’m in NYC!


One Thing made it on HypeM! throw it a 
Feels so good finally playing this out in my sets. Wanna say thank u to everyone who has listened to One Thing so far. I appreciate u 
Making 
I'm v excited about Bry and Braden on Friday. Also v excited about Creeper next Sunday 
 stay strong fellow family members, let us know if there's anything we can do to help you in this time of need
RT if u 
Vacation. September. Pre-orders / new music and new merch available at 
You are an extraordinary legislator but more importantly an extraordinary human being. Thank you for always doing what’s right. Know you are loved 
Rest in peace Mrs Della Reese 
MDCPS Student Support Services Mini Conference 
 Building a connection with the community one awesome visitor at a time. Thank you to our special Firefighter for teaching us about fire safety! 
 was today in TLH where all 5 branches of the US Military were recognized & honored by our community. Thank you for your service! 
Done. And, done. 

Elmcor for the win!  Keep working hard, spencermahoney_  I am so proud of you.  
You're amazing Miami! 
One of my favorite places in Miami 
 are learning by creating using 
It’s here. The conference for us who loves internet. 
Technologically: 
We have our amazing 
Cutting edge, state-of-the art tech - the Stone Age 
Killer small plates 
Thank you for the 
Pygmy animals aren't just cute - they're practical too! 
Sending all our love to 
Thank you so much for attending! 
Remember when 
Emma Rice is Queen. Awesome end of “Summer of Love” season party 
These guys make me smile... 
To my Haitian TPS community: I love you and I’ll continue to fight with you. 
I love seeing good people win, evolve and thrive. 
Surprise show at Freehold in Brooklyn tonight! The first 15 to sign up at the link will get free admission +1 
 may have economic 
? 
Happy birthday @noeleilani 
It was great ı thought ı was aware but every year ı learn something new. THANK YOU please do more workshops
This book was so good !! I loved reading it 
Thank you, you're the best 
^ Rt rt rt my vid for a dm! I will be responding in the comment section so don’t be afraid to say hi! Thanks for all the support 
RT If you love your granny 

Berto will be wearing a leopard skin thong only onstage in Seaton 2018 at 
Next Tuesday...
Ben Ottewell 
People don't just leave an abusive partner because it is not so simple, everyone's life comes with complications. Initiatives like pet fostering for those who are fleeing an abusive relationship can be life changing. This video is beautiful and shows the power of community 
Always such a pleasure to be a part of 
Jen Ladylake Andujar Paula Tudor Terri Wheatley another great Hallmark Channel USA movie coming up!! 
"FaceAche" is out!!! We had the best time making it and can't wait for you to hear it. Tell your friends!! X 
Thanks for playing "Stereo" 
Lovely review from 
THIS FRIDAY! We are delighted to be back in Newc for 
You're BARACK AND MICHELLE 
Thank you ever so much! Proud to be part of the team 
Fbf with the one and only 
Fbf! With le 
Listen to me sing "Beautiful" on 
Love you momma 
Good luck with the book. My little girl loves it!!! 
So many incredible stories and each winner was so inspiring. Hard to keep back tears, such an emotional night. 
Say hello to Christmas gin cocktail number 1. This gingerbread creation is made with 
Ladies in Red 
Thinking of our brothers and sisters at 
ZoCo kickin’ ass and takin’ names at the Best Places to Work luncheon! 


To tight knit families 
Loop, you were soooo good, fun, inspiring & heart warming. Loads of love for everyone sharing and caring 
 album 'Consistency of Error' has been voted for in the 2017 awards!
Vote here & show them some 
The Daily - I 
If you 
Absolutely brilliant well done guys 
Learn 
Well what a difference 10 years make same smile 
Happy birthday Mani!!! I bloody love ya u legend . 
Well done Donna! We know that it would have been difficult but you've done the right thing: for you, for Ric and for us 
Mr. Hanssen we KNOW you've done your best 
Let the love light shine... Thanks to NYC family for donating nearly 5k for PR yesterday!!! We will match & donate 10k to 
It's a stressful day at Holby. But our thoughts are with Nurse Jackson & Mr. Griffin, pending today's interview outcome 
Yay!!  Sooo excited to be the be cohost of 
TOUR IS OVER! THANK YOU TO EVERYONE WHO CAME OUT! WE 
Lock into Soho Jams on Soho Radio right now to hear Gid Eön blessing us with some soul and jazz magic 
And they lived happily ever after 
Danced my socks off now it’s chill time in my cosy new pj’s 
Brave. Honest. Inspirational. 
What a brilliant, creative day with the 
 ears are on & at the ready!  Have you got yours? I must say they're very fluffy! Get your ears on and share a selfie for 
Missed this guy 
So Emotional but amazing Memories 
Just to clarify- I didn't quit because of my size, I quit due to long standing depression and OCD 
JAY-Z's spontaneous conversation with a 9 year old girl:
"At this very moment America is way more sexist than they are racist, but you young lady, you got the potential to be the next president of the United States, you believe that." 
A huge THANK YOU to The 
Thank you to everyone who made Friday at Percy's Whitchurch such an epic gig 
Also BIG shout outs to 
Thank u all 4 the BDAY wishes. I thank god for another year. I promise 2 make every second count, be the best I can be & continue 2 grow
A sweet serenade for 
The good luck charms 
Dad. Best job in the world. 
This is how we mediate before Thanksgiving! With 
First stop! To the Publisher of the Year the Ateneo University Press 
FLASHBACK: 
Our boys just put this out the other day
RIP to two-time Emmy winner, Robert Guillaume who has passed away at the age of 89! 
Damn. 
From all of us at 
Legitimately one of the best experiences of my life 
Portland!! Can’t wait to see you tonight at 
Tix still avail for tonight 
...got a little backup. 
Happy birthday kevperez !! Have a good day homie! Thanks for everything 
Backstage at homeaidnorcal with air_supply_band ! 
Happy birthday to coolest chick ever! My wife. 
Legends lives forever 
Worldwide InstaMeet: 
There's nothing like watching two 50+ year-old kids getting blunted in the fountain of youth to remind you that skateboarding truly is the best thing ever. 
just submit, this is my favourite place 
You can read my nom in here too! Thank you 
Spotted in 
Wataa! 
We got mats on mats thanks to 
How is this real life? 
Powder Day at 
Want to share your 
HAPPY FRIDAY! I have a new piece about babies/the apocalypse, if you’re interested. Many thanks to 
Well, that’s it, folks! Submissions are now CLOSED. New stories comin’ January 2018. We 
Rumpus Original Poetry: Two Poems By Christine No - The 
Shout out thanks and love to my heroes 
I have a crush on you. 
Great way to ensure that everyone’s needs are being met! 
Taking a part in 
BEAUTY 
TYsVM 
 day318. so fill your 
...what 
Yes, 
The bond between our exhibitors & their animals is a strong one 
“Did I think it was brave? No. It was my job." Today we thank all the men and women who have served
My old home sky 
sounds like me & my boyfriend 
Paul Borchers 
We’re thankful for the coaches that instill the best in us 
Lots of giving spirit at Cabarrus-Kannapolis Early College 
Honored and privileged to be able to wear Concord across my chest for the past 4 years. Big thanks to the coaches, teammates, and fans for the continuous support. I
With respect, honor, and gratitude. 
Our schools honored Veterans by hosting appreciation events, creating artwork, and spending time with Veterans in our community 
Black love 
 I just love love loved your interview with 
My love will always be basketball 
Retweeted Sevenzo (
Teachers across the country, like 
Hospice matters! 
New York, Kansas City... Whatever you call the Strip Steak, we 
Do you know what makes the Filet Mignon so tender? The secret to this steak’s distinctive texture lay in its origins — the tenderloin! 
I love being home for the holidays. Family really means everything to me 
my heart 
NYC photo shoot
I love doing Lala Land scenes
Happy birthday daddy! I love you
Another successful Friendsgiving by 
Proud to be part of this new 
Yes! Just one example... how great was 
I love this movie! 
We want 
Love this post from one of our diversity scholarship winners 
Thanks to everyone who sent a box of stuffing! We bought 292 boxes for 
Nothing warms our heart quite like a group photo 
“Whiteout Conditions” by 
Much love for 
So much love for them! MEND can always count on Tierra Del Sol volunteers! 
A small act of kindness can make a big difference in someone's day. 
Family & friends!  
 you showed us so much love 
Thank youuuuu for having us!! 
Ahhhhh! I’m loving this Lovefest!!! 
, you just made me cry after asking 
I also had to pleasure of meeting 
Thanks so much for the love 
We are so excited about the launch of Disney Tsum Tsum Pet Toys at PetSmart! Now you can share the magic of Disney with your pups 
Come join us in Kansas City! 
miss my bro
In love with how our brand new 
It's a one in a life time opportunity, and I got to do it with my family watching.
Smiles everywhere 
Awww Sav! Thanks so much, miss ya
Such an honor to interview Chimamanda Adichie as part of 
Truth... 
For those of you who are thinking of coming out, we see you. We support you. We love you. 
Looking forward to London's magical Christmas lights 
Thankful, grateful, and blessed to work in this wonderful community 
- WHEN YOU TRY'NA 
WIN SHAWTY's 
Traveling the world with this babe makes my life complete 
That feeling when your mind’s made up & your heart is in the right place. 
Raise your spoons for Friday! And for sibblings who eat together. 
Our brother needs our help.
Please read, share, send your donations & best thoughts.

love this! Thanks Westerly News 
Tell us why you 
This is a lovely story. Ewa Durska, gold medallist in Rio, receives World Fair Play Diploma. 
Banging out to 
So happy right now thank you to every single person that came and saw me at Glasto I'm so grateful thank you man that was amazing 
Wonderful to gather at the war memorial today with so many of my neighbours from 
Happy Saturday! All you need is brunch 
A beautiful and endless love story unite Michael Schumacher and the 
They measured — My Height
They measured — My Weight 
But  they never measured  — My HEART 
A big thank you to everyone for your thoughts and prayers 
If you’re flying to or out of 
Now back with the family 
Super proud of our Jean 
Thanks everyone for the messages. It's been such a hard decision to make leaving a club that I love and everyone at it. Looking forward to getting stuck in the rest of the season and show everyone how much the club and Glasgow means to me! 
 My fav bookshop is .
Get yourself down to Leeds town hall to support 
Honoured and excited to be working with 
"Please don't push your vegetable agenda on me! " 
I made it into the 
...I just couldn't resist ...days of touring through the Karoo on a bicycle 
H A P P Y L 
Successful day with event planning with our fav 
Joining us tomorrow night?? Get in touch with us on 07887473341 to be apart of our guestlist tomorrow night 
Counting down the days until L
Love Wednesdays Freshers kicks off this Wednesday at WhyNot and what a kick off we have 


Your mid week fixture is back.. Love Wednesday's!

Join us over 3 rooms of music & non stop entertainment. Tables are SOLD OUT.. Get guestlist 
This is unreal 
She said yes!!! So thrilled to be engaged to my soulmate!!! 
Happiest day of my life yesterday saying yes to my soulmate
Only a heart of stone wouldn't be moved by these photos, the strength, determination and will to live Fernando displays daily should inspire us all 
Fall in love with 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE BEST SISTER EVER!! Can't wait to celebrate this weekend 
Weekend in Rome 
Love this bestie 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO MY GIRL 
Can't W8 to wear the RGC shirt on Sunday against Scarlets. Support RGC Women in 
So touched and honoured to be asked to perform at the launch of 
 My signal went to hell in that Queen Street and never added you on! Has Queen Street got beef with you son? 
This thread. Twitter really is wonderful sometimes 
Call me by your name is such a beautiful film. Go see it if you want to feel non Italian and chubby. 
Gals night oot! 
Never felt this low after a win. Not to mention going top of the lge. Tonight's result completely overshadowed by the terrible injury to Paul Coutts. Hugely devastating to us, but more importantly to him. All the best, Couttsy. Can't wait to see you back 
 So beautiful and happy! 
Your continued support is much appreciated ! 
A pleasure to have 
Our residents have started their sculpting course in our community cafe today ! fantastic work so far guys! 
what a lovely thank you from one of the clients we have supported 
Good morning Sir 
South Africa has 2 Best Sporting Moments featured in November.  Show some 
Please show some 
Rugbytown 7s.... miss it already. 
REPEAT AFTER ME:
We Are Loud
We Are Proud 

Thank you to all my family, freinds and fans for the love & support... 
Plans for today:
Watch 3 hours of special features 
Sad news...  Thank you Bob Barry for the beautiful memory 
Mon the fuckin Glens
Good to get 2 goals for The Glens the day
Honored to have hosted the 
My Nov. itinerary allows me watching Sunderland&Ipswich home games at beloved 
The city is ours. 
Best feeling ever been back. 
Check out this piece James did for 
Make sure to come to the Game tonight and dress as the Star Wars theme! May the Arizona Force be with us! 
LOVING hearing 
Had so much fun on set this morning with 
Can’t wait to see this little pup when I get home! (And my family too obviously!) I feel very lucky to be headed home for a couple days
Thanks everyone 
Practice Makes Progress 
 you matter, you are loved, your struggles are valid and you are not alone 
Fucking bangin day recording a new 
Oh Manchester is wonderful!! 
Me and my Essex girls........
Come on down 
keep them heads high, the worlds not seen the last of us, we'll come again!! 
Heart breaking to see what's happening at 
Happy BD 
Top Man Coppy. See you soon Bro 
Cheers Bro 
That's bro 
Good morning GMT! 
What an experience to be a (temp) reporter overnight at a fire. Praying for the families of the 5 people taken to the hospital 
Lots of you have covered mass shootings. If you need to talk-I can connect you w/someone else who has too&understands.Please let me know. 
Down to the wire in the Dome! 
Great performance from the lads tonight, buzzing with the clean sheet! Delighted for @NathanHolland45 making his debut!! 
Very happy & proud of you 
First day of rehearsals for 
 has ripped Cumbria up at the roots - send us your pictures and videos if you have been effected - but stay safe 
Was not feeling it today but my rock 
It's been a while baby. I'm rah sorry for letting you down 
7 years of 
 Leaving this here! Xx
Let it be known 
Love the new one bois 
Please share! All funds raised going towards 
Guys & Gals who do you wana hear on the next Barber Shop we’ve done 2 years now so i want to start the 3rd year with someone dope but different. Tag them please 
if ur in NYC for the holiday come hang tonight 
Very happy to share the collab I did with my good friends 
Finishing up...
Tonight!  Join 
Can't wait to play Kremfest tomorrow! Miss U Seattle! 
A weed festival on one side of town and an outdoor polka band performance on the other... It's been a very interesting day in Boston. 
Thank U 
Boston!! It's been a while! Join me 
This is why I 
Who’s Auntie is this 
“Preact is dope!” Loving the live coding from 
 to playing in lovely SUNNY monopoli, this past summer... 
Buddies 
2/2 I will never stop making music. My new EP is out NOW! 
Love you 
Throwing down for one last time at 
2nite is my last Friday at 
Who 
Tonight We 
2017 surely belongs to 


So this is happening tonight 
Always babes. Your sets in Sydney last year changed my life and I can’t wait to see you in 2018 
Had an amazing weekend, so much fun...can’t wait til we’re back next year! 
Massive thanks to everybody 
Full support to our bro 
Now playing on 
Love is always appreciated, especially from a good friend! Love u too! 
Brand new music for you.. 
Yesssssss, gonna be HUGE 
Remember playing at the first ever Solardo Sessions and been lucky enough to play a fair few since! Big up my brothers 
We have! Mikey (
my lady thriving in paris 
Absolutely thrilled to announce my debut Essential Mix this weekend on 
Just saw this & got emotional. Our 
Some brand new bangers for your listening pleasure
onelove to 
Be apart of  the movement and grab all your TNA garms right here 


 friends - go see this documentary. You'll fall in love with Sonia, a 
Sat NOV 11 TH 
We are Blackout and we 
It's going to be a beautiful night and we can't wait to spend it with you 
Best Big Bro Ever!! 
That’s a wrap on Dreamland. I’ll forever treasure the memories from this wonderful project. Thanks to all the amazing people involved! 
Australia, you bunch of legends 
Lest we forget 
Thank you for all the birthday messages! 
The whole family! 
Few shots from korsakovdnb last weekend 
We've been nominated on 
Drum&Bass Arena for best Remix 
Thanks everyone who support us!!!
I swear I mite aswell move into 
YES LAD!!!! So proud of you!!! GO SICK! 
Lol yes lad 
We and our labels 
The kingpins of the D&D scene just dropped a massive announcement to unify the DnB community in a great way. 
Woke up to some wonderful news! COYGGG! 
No wayyyy 
beautiful SPO with my love 
Beatport Indie Top Ten for how many weeks now? Thank you everybody for your support 
One Night @ El Cid 
This is what hard work and perseverance looks like !! so happy for you my brother.Harpurhey breeds the hungriest of dogs 
 is now 
plane to amsterdam included 
thanks for all the kind words on kiddo 
Happy Father's Day! 
Trump+headed+to+Utah+in+December+with+plans+to+shrink+Bears+Ears+and+Grand+Staircase, via 
Spreadsheets, documents, and email threads... Oh my! 
Get your teams on board with Trello even if they 
Thank you for everything Mr Marcus Intalex 
 PLEASE CHECK THIS PEOPLE 
Heading back to Bangkok, Thailand to play my first festival in Asia.


Pre- show snap with my biggest supporter
here man... it's international womens day.. tell ya mams / sisters / girlfriends / nieces / friends how much you love them!! 
TONIGHT AT 
Lil Peep 
A true giant!! 
Hey summer! We 
It's genuinely heartbreaking seeing so many people taking their lives due to a depressive illness. 
Please remember to be kind to one another. Cherish your friends and family. Talk + Guide one another.
There's no shame in support. 

Thinking of a special family today. 
Thanks for the play 
Playing Summit Series in Los Angeles, CA, tonight!

Come down if you're around! 
Playing Crossing Boarders Festival , The Hague, tonight!
Come by if it pleases thee 
Available for hire for brief winter wonderland visits on the standard packages which do not include snap posts or a ‘today was nice
SUMMER SHOWS 
YAY NICO what a beautiful work!!! 
Big shout to our label 
 giving out High5s at 
 just found out that you’re on solo career and i just can’t stop listening to your singles omg ITS SO GOOD I’m so happy for you! Wish you all the success in the world 
In the middle of the ocean with my girl 
Many people who would find 
Just as Marianna stands up for what she believes in,we too have to do this.It just the right thing to do
 because it’s just my number one FAVORITE!!!
Thanks so much to the amazing 
Friday, 12/8 @ 7pm. 'Springdale 
Congratulations Megan + Aaron!! Thank you for spending your big day with us. 
Hey! Thanks for all of the love capital region! We wouldn't be where we are without the people who believe in us. xoxo 
 a friend on Facebook put 
Vito I don't think you have Twitter but I'll miss you a lot when this is all over! 
Basel 
I said I wanted a beignet... and he made me one. 
My heartbeats 
donatella_versace 
Hold my hand ... You&Me 
i'll do it for you ...... & do it for myself. 
 get your 
 into the 
Did you know that sales through our web store support our non-profit partners? Knock a few things off your holiday list and help us spread some love to 
If you love dogs as much as we do, join us on Sundays this December from 4 - 7PM for  
Sometimes grief sneaks up...and interrupts the moment. Miss my dad. A lot. Sending some love to anyone else in the room. 
Thank you!! 
Aww, thank you!! Ur so sweet! 
Got a pic! He’s so beautiful
Change your charity to 
Today, we're lighting up red for World AIDS Day 
I got all three of them 
Good morning family! Please help us create REAL safety from racist state violence 
Love 
On 
Mesmerizing Picture of the Day 
This is my chum 
This baby is soooo sleepy 
It's all about additive 
Posin'ellllll!! Just a big thank you to 
Flashback to the 2017 TCS 
Congrats to all the winners from the 
Reminiscing! Can't wait to be back here 
We’re dedicated to supporting and celebrating a community of badass female founders 
Two Crescendos for $199?! Double the fun, double the pleasure! 
Nothing would be possible without you, my number one 
If feeling exciting, prophetic and dynamic wear Thistle Down today with 
If feeling independent, unusual and penetrating wear Slate Rose today 
If feeling instinctive, sexy and admired wear Garnet Rose today 
To all of you curious about new music...
Miley and 
HUGE thank you to my 
Proud is an understatement.  Everyone stop what you’re doing and pick up the new 
The best way to spend Thanksgiving weekend! 
We still have time !!! I need everyone to keep VOTING & go buy my song on itunes so I can make the Top 10 on the overall charts! my votes will double! 
I’m excited to be performing the song you guys chose for me to sing for Monday night! love you all 
Just in time for the holidays. Family photo 
AMEN! 
THANK YOU SO much Stephanie!! It was so wonderful to meet you! 
CAN I SEND YOU SOME FOOD?! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! I hope you have a blessed day.  I am so thankful for you 
Thinking of you at rehearsals today 
Had an amazing night tonight at 
Oh btw- Just to clarify, Good Enough is not on Synthesis. I played that in honor of The Open Door's 11th birthday today! 
Loved that!Thank you to those who came and gave your time (and phones!) to listen to an entire album together-so rare! 
 performance! Man I feel like a woman! 
Looking for quirky Homeware Gifts, this 
Ruby raised over £600 for Meningitis Now with a sponsored hair cut and then donated the hair to the 
Swank up your turntable with our new logo slip mats!!! They're super rad! 
I love YOU!
For you! Unique brave 
Sometimes feel like we don’t share our posts enough on here anymore... in case you’ve missed any of our more recent cake endeavours, you can find them at 
Jump like a Jellyfish and help raise money & awareness this 
 is coming to an end but it doesn't mean we should stop caring. If you see someone being bullied, tell someone, talk to the person and help them in anyway you can 
Ahhhhh guyssssss!!! 
Together we make the dopest team! Love every one of you! 
That's a wrap! Another great season guys! Love you so much
Thanks so much to everyone for all the BDay wishes! Love you guys so much!
He was an absolute gentleman and was wonderful to see him reflecting back over his years of dancing with so much joy in his eyes. 
Spent my morning in great company for the launch of 
Wow thank you so much for all yr amazing messages. I promise not to be a stranger.
Hey guys! I'm taking over 
Zaytoun olive oil is in stock in our shop! And was also recommended for quality recently in 
Flowers by 
Caring for orphaned elephants, like newly admitted Mulisani requires around the clock medical attention and care. A donation from you can help fund the resources needed to prepare these elephants for life back in the wild. 
 predictions 2-1 to arsenal 
It's an 
Good luck Gang.....Blackpool here you come! Enjoy every second. 
 Love love LOVE 'from the top' my cheeky early christmas pressie, my fave songs are 'me and my shadow' & 'somethin' supid' love that 
The pleasure was all ours Julie....what a delightful couple and what a wonderful love story. As the young ones say....
So sorry Kati!....please give her a big hug from me & 
Thank you Kristina...HUGE respect to you professional dancers....you make it look so easy and it's NOT!!! 
We do too! Thanks for the 
The amazing + creative 
8/12/17, I am doing an exclusive set 
Some lovely words for our new album, Songs From The Stage 
So excited to reveal our brand new single, I'm Every Woman. Originally from 
We think 
Should have been A full score!
Inside 
The Charleston, The Argentine Tango & The Quick Step are all my favourite dances. Amazing Alex & Gorgeous Gorka you didn’t disappoint me in any of those routines. You are my 2017 Strictly winners 
Seriously, see this show. About 
Everybody please go out and support this amazing man! 
There's always a hug waiting when you're a Loose Woman 
THANK YOU... to everyone for your love and support. So pleased to have made it through to next week after being in the bottom two. 
Now ready to keep working and do our Best on the floor... keep Dancing  
So much love to you both Susan and Kevin xx 
Gutted to have been bottom two. But! I always want to give my all no matter what! Taking on board what the judges said - and I’ll try my best to improve. Loving my time on strictly... it’s been the biggest blessing. A big special thank you to 
Follow this tour's Gloria (
Beautiful art by the talented nico_castro0823!!!! Thank you so much, I'm so honored 
Well these two are just the cutest!!! Loved seeing 
"People come out of this show on a high unlike anything I’ve ever seen – a happiness with tears in their eyes." -
Not My Father's Son: 
THANK YOU so much Iris & Michael for an forgettable and beautiful night!!! 
 Kids learn to 
You change the world when you change your mind. 
Thank You 
Happy Birthday My Sweet Husband. I Love You 
Love you girl!!!    Cheers!!  
Watch 
 @Kehlani. Proud of you and all that you’re doing! Go Girl! 
My Lil Sis 
I highly recommend it! 
Happy Birthday to my boy band brother & one of the dearest friends I've ever had - 
Hey Chicago! My friend 
100% agree! 
She said yes! 
Remembering Dick Clark, who we lost 5 years ago today.
A cultural & entertainment icon and true visionary. We miss you. 
Another chance to explore the life and times of Justin's beloved character. 
 my 
One of the many reasons I love my job is the fact that I have made friends with some incredible people. 
We 
Leavin home with an extremely full heart 
Just saw a man give up his 1st class seat to a woman in crutches. Reminder that there is more good in the world than bad. HAPPY THXGIVING!
My best friend 
Reposting from 
I'm a little late but HAPPY BIRTHDAY CLAIRE!!!
Thank you to everyone that has supported the Stanford volleyball team over the last couple days! You guys rock!!!! 
KELSEY!!! Happy birthday!!!! Hope it was a great one!!!! Miss ya! 
Happy birthday Madi!!! Love ya!Hope it was a great one!!! 
Ahhhh Rachel I'm late!!! But HAPPY BIRTHDAY! Hope it was amazing! You deserve only the best! Miss ya so much!!! 
KHALIA! Happy Birthday! Hope you have a wonderful day!!! 
Dublin bound to retain my title. Not planning on letting it go tonight or any time soon. Thanks an absolute bunch for all the encouragement and well wishes. 
Awww thanks so much Han!!! Love you!!! 
Thanks Katie D 
Flash Mob Alert! This week we performed at the beautiful 
Read the story and watch the 
We did it !!!!! Thank you for all the support! Still pinching myself! I love this man 
CONGRATULATIONS 
Last day today playing Milo Davenport, what a blast it's been 
What a beautiful view from the window of our private dining room 
Aww hahaha me and 
Do you 
New stock in 
Tickets selling like hot cakes!

Be kind 
first up – 
thank you bud glad you like it
Obsessed with this EP.. My Addiction is definitely my favourite 
Nominations for 
Our favourite Nav Lada (Nine Strand) Necklace 
Thanks to all who voted
Off we go home. Thank you to our great friends 
 Girls rock y'all 
Homecoming show tonight at The 
Last night post performance I spent quality time with my good friends 
Can’t wait for everyone to see this movie I legit cried my ass out 
ny @ New York, New York 
Waffles are alllll the rage! Me 
It warms my heart to see all of the positive attention that 
Can't wait to see this heartfelt coming out story on the big screen. 
This is gorgeous :-)
She was in my house you know, that 
I Love Simon! 
Presenting: 
Can’t figure out words so here’s my 
Somebody is happy to have undivided attention of snuggles 
Date night with heatherecola 
can't wait for prom with him
Buddy and his new best bud from 
What a devoted 
 brings you closer to people! Read more about this research to get your pulse racing 
Love visiting this gorgeous place with my lovely 
On the edge of now and forever 
Doing this made me so happy, what a wonderful idea! Please help support 
Loved being at 
Can’t wait to see you my brother, proud of you too! 
NEYO FANS ALL OVER...Thanx so much for your love and patience. Expect new releases from the GOOD MAN album around the top of the new year. Just had to get things all the way right for you
Roy was leaving his local Remembrance Day service when he saw a man sitting at the edge of a church, he went over to have a chat with the man. The stranger was 28-year-old Billy White, Roy’s little brother who he hadn’t seen since he was a baby. 
Change of heart? We’ve got you covered. 
Love your style
Great piperheidsieckaus lunch with my 
Gingernuts' update - we can report a fracture to the pastern bone was confirmed & Jerry today had surgery to insert four screws to repair the fracture. He has come through this very well & is happy and settled. Early days but so far very good - heartfelt thanks to everyone 
We’ve found Redzel’s BIGGEST fan here at 
 with 
Bear hugs! 
Yep, we are HERE!! Come see us! 
Yes please 
I just love 
 I 
When it's casual Friday HELL YEAH!
Two of my favorite bands! Besides 
Welcome to the Forum, 
Love being serenaded by 
For the 
Giving thanks for so many things - including these two gems, who brought me into this world. Happy Thanksgiving from my family to yours 
 at @andywhitetweet gig Always fine!! 
 a day in my life @ 
Loved having our backup dancers in philly
Last night was a rager!!!
Thank you to these wonderfully talented humans for a wicked tour!! Sad to see it come to an end. Til next time!! 
Nothing finer then a fresh concert T . Thanks 
Insane. Wouldn't be possible without you guys 
THANK YOUU 
It's the first one you'll hear :) promise 
It was truly amazing. 
My Tuesday SOTD: Off The Wagon by 
How's THIS for a 
 tonight performing alongside 
Janet Jackson's Velvet Rope 20th Anniversary: Amazing interview 
Cool! We 
 Words to remember.
Fantastic weather for a Sock Walk.  Thinking we should start every morning like this.  
We love seeing all of the moments and memories that are created at 
So honored 2 speak at memorial for Florence Henderson along w 
Happy Pride, Bloordale and beyond! 
Wool hats off to the 2,400 volunteers, starring 
Another Finnish sisu-miracle. 2.400 volunteers put together 
It's been 3 years. We haven't forgotten 
Psssst! Did you know we are crowdfunding for our play? Perks and rewards start at £3 - can you help? If yes go here: 
Thanks to the whole creative team for our recent photo shoot
Even 
There are two chances to 
A Monday morning treat! 
This cypher tho!!! 
Flippin’ Nora! These guys really are just brilliant... so much love for their generosity & dead proud to have been supported by them. 
I am always that twat wearing sunglasses at the gig. 
This morning: 3000 metres and a new best friend, a lovely woman who has transformed my breaststroke by slightly repositioning my head, despite the fact that I have 487 tutorials on youtube. I 
Deborah Harkness - «A Discovery of Witches» 
My guests were excellent - all down to them! Loved it 
The official video for 
Just came across this. The cd I got given when I first met the band. 7 x Man Alive demos including my favourites Hiawatha and Weights. 
Thinkin about school lockers & how much I don’t miss them/anything about school in general... Then remembering my biggest life achievement so far of never sitting behind a desk in an office. When I’m dead il be so happy about that. 
Update: gigs and tunes to be announced soon. For now tix flying for our show with 
I've just read Tomorrow by 
Time for a tea break in my favourite mug given to me by my lovely friend 
It was lovely having 
Living in 
My second album 'Someone Out There' will be released on 2nd Feb 2018. Can't wait for you to hear it. Pre-order: 
Atletico in New Orleans
lucy covered do it for 
There is not a better artist that I could have clung to for ten years and continuously seen as my idol. Thank you 
extremely good interview, lights is such an inspiration 
i 
Blue Willow Books is a wonder. The World Series champs of bookstores! 
Big up 
On Nov.21st 2017 i proposed to my homie.lover.friend. Through thick and thin, ups&downs you stood by my side and I’m beyond grateful and thankful that. I could have not ask God for a better woman to build&spend the rest of my life with. GodisGood! It’s liit! Bless!! 
Brothers in Arms 
Sadly we can't go 
wanted to thank all the extra musicians who helped us play this live at scala 
Every single song is a banger 
Greta solo playing a lil bit on nov 29 at THE HUM GIVES BACK: a holiday benefit for Women In Need (at Brooklyn Bazaar) 
Joining me tomorrow to share her 
...in the most romantic train station 
I bloody 
Just a normal day and another normal drawing for 
Wow, thanks for the kind words 
via ^TeamDrHook: 

It's Out today!! I did my best to give you a musical tale, where the sound is just the invitation, but I'll see you on the inside. 
Back in SF on Sunday for my residency at the one and only @staminasundays 
I really do love 
Thats was goid also...i allways wanna to try .and land on ny feets...we just dont have that chance..but is never too late.

Would like to reach out to someone who’ll be on their own this Christmas as lots of TW love to share beyond our little home....suggestions? 
My tribe!
We are 30 today! 
Hands of our beloved 
NEWS we think Rosie is very near 
Possible sighting of Rosie the wire fox terrier at the north east corner where old street joins Goswell road. This was last Wednesday at 9am. Anyone able to poster, 
Summarises what will be heard in parliament on Tuesday. Please support and get behind 
How to diversify VC space: 
Thank you so much for your ongoing support 
Thank you for your support and kind words 
Personal share and PSA from 
I am a bit emotional but very happy that I have been shortlisted for the Emma Humphreys Memorial Award for Women Against Male Violence 
Happy Birthday to our formidable administrator 
Let's Celebrate ALL Small, Local Businesses With A Big Heart
This morning we had 16 year 5 & 6 Girls taking part in our weekly session 
With the U9’s huddled in the final third, the whole 3G fell silent 
Have you liked our ILM Facebook page yet? Head over to 
Love dogs? 
I love these faces! 
Amazing achievement 
Love this - what a voice 
Huge thank you to the 
LOOK WHAT YOU ALL DID. Be proud of yourselves if you donated 
Just got our 2017 subscription box - big 
Well done team Manchester, you have been outstanding supporting the cities emergency services, colleagues and customers,fabulous team work
All my thoughts are with you and your family my friend
STAY STRONG APPIE!!
I am sorry for letting people down. I am not happy with my performance but all the tournaments and pressure was too much to handle for now.. I will work on it and make the people supporting me proud again 
I just noticed we hit over 70,000 followers on Instagram which is insane!! I can't thank you guys enough for all the support you guys give me 
Love this: solidarity across continents! 
800 viewers 

Thanks 
WE DID IT! $10,000 donated by you amazing people during 
Another great tourney tonight, thanks to everyone for playing!! 
Hello, Clashers! Let's welcome the holiday season with some 
Getting ready for a weekend in 
This really is the best competition for your 
Check out our latest 
An amazing cause! Please vote and share 
Pitch Battle Final here we come!!! 
Please watch and retweet. Little helper in for 
NOTHING’S WRONG — 
holiday collection and some new merch available NOW at 
mamma haim’s jacket from the 80’s 
We're soooo proud to have been involved in such a great series - 

What an amazing season of 
My single Boys R My Toys officially drops on Spotify and iTunes New Years Eve!! Yay. Hope you guys love it 
You're perfect 
Rewatching the whole 
We can’t stop watching 
“The energy, enthusiasm & sheer determination of brand new friend is hard to top & the reception that they get proves the point” ~ can’t ask for more than that, huge thanks for watching us 
“It’s a way of life”
Such gorgeous vibes 
: Get inspired by 
Sydney memories katie__ku 
Let's show BIG love for the brilliant 
Happy Anniversary you wonderful man! 
 Thank you for a great set with 
Our thoughts are with the residents of Houston and those impacted by 
Have you heard of 
Thank you guys 
They are just perfect. 
Veni, Vidi, Amavi 
Always have so much fun playing in Nottingham 
Forever loving this sweatshirt thx 
Loved that set . Was meant to be working and was just listening to you 
Meet me by the golden pig of love 
Hello December 
 in the park to me was one of the best day festivals I’ve been to this year hands down!!!
My crush 
Really enjoyed talking to 
Loooove my bro 
Loving your final episode of 
Yesterday was magical. I was in tears when I got home. The strength, wisdom & power of the amazing black women we had in one room uplifted my soul. I am so grateful 
Big up my big bro’s 
Supporting the boy 
I have fatigue and pain in muscles I didn't even know existed. What a weekend. Thank you 
3 MOBO’s, love you all, thank you 
LINGARDDDD WILL MILLY ROCK ON EMIRATES BLOCK
THROW BACK TO LAST YEARS 
Happy Birthday to our girl with the Golden Heart,  Sparkling Mind and Searching Soul...  We love you Emmy!!! 
Such a babe 
Yes, Australia! Yes! 
A moment in Glasgow, March 24 2015, in US/THEN. 
Moet has a golden voice on radio , wow I'm in love 
There’s no better truth 
Simi is just too much of a talent . Girl your sound is amazing!!! Much Love 
Happy birthday my not so little  superstar cousin AL-SAHIR 
Lolo of Wazobia FM 
 official video out now: 
ASiiA TOUR
ii APPRECiiATE YALL 
Aw shawcks thank you Lota 
My skin has never looked better!  I had several skin diseases/issues but they have become nonexistent with my 
It’s not work when you get to do what you love 
Happy Birthday To The Baddest Bitch 
Here’s a short film I made with and inspired by my grandfather Rance Howard; a true romantic who lived an epic life with creativity, integrity and love. 
Thanks for the thumbs up tonight 
Nothing but LOVE! 
"Show me what genuine happiness looks like"

Me:  
 
This team 
The importance of head + heart in making great, important things happen. 
It’s official: Today we welcome our newest 
So much goodness in our schools! Thank you 
Engaging discussion this morning with parents at 
Super excited to have the (Coca-Cola)RED Game-A-Thon with us this year!

8 Amazing broadcasters will be teaming up to take on each other in an Arena of Valor tournament to raise money for the fight against AIDS 
Using data to analyze UFO sightings 
They deserve it 
GG Brazil ! Holy Moly this game is so fucking beautiful and give in my career 10000000 hearts attack!!!! Someday we will back 
Becoming friends with the women in this picture + 
Attendees of the 3rd CA Coastal Wildlife Disturbance Symposium take their lunch break with a view of Monterey Bay. We hosted more than 60 people from over 20 agencies and organizations tasked with reducing human-caused disturbance to wildlife. My 
The final wrap-up 
Warm hands & warm hearts here at Rinck HQ! 
Friday I'm in 
Be who you are  And say  What you feel —�—�—�because—�—�- Those who mind  Dont matter… 
Am I dreaming. Pinch me, please. Or did 
IS THIS A DREAM ???? 
Thanks, Sissle!!! 
please sign up for healthcare in the next two weeks! and please ask for help/support if you need it! I know these tasks can be daunting. 
Excited to get 
Coco the cutie cocochanel_thelabradoodle 
Lovely interview with our wonderful 
 glad to know that u r penning a song under Mozart 
Wishing the entire team of 
Congratulations thambi! Wishing u two a very happy married life 
We’ve made it to the last song on the EP. We’re so close to finishing this thing. Thanks for being patient! 
Thanks everybody for the birthday wishes! It’s been amazing. 
Absolutely LOVED the guys from 
 Youtube Creators Lab 
Very romantic sir 
I just want to thank everyone for all the beautiful & thoughtful birthday wishes. I am so fortunate to have the love & support of my family, friends and you all! You guys continue to motivate and inspire me everyday! And I strive to make you proud! 
Lots of Love to you guys 
And smiling at the memories we made! 
Thankyou love 
If you’re from Coimbatore & presently living in any of the world don’t sleep off without listening to 
At Kodak Hall today for a Nutcracker preview! Tickets and info: 
All dreamy in white 
It's the little things in life 
So many awesome people in the same (green) room 
Loved the trailer of 'Hello' 
Thank you for all the love!
Early morning on sets of  
Lovely day it was !!!!!look at the  weather 
This woman 
'
Honoured company - I'm one lucky lady to have the support of these amazing 
Congrats bhenji mine
A sequel to Monsoon Wedding coming up in the form of a stage musical
I think I just peed a little 
Sarah Jane Dias is love
 i just saw u first tym on screen 
Reset your mind and body with this series I created for 
Give a gift that keeps on giving! 
It's called my 
 delivery this morning so we obviously got to work on the butter straight away! Hollandaise, lemon drizzle, scones....
Today our thoughts goes out to Stanislav Petrov from 'The Man Who Saved The World' which we screened at CPH:DOX 2014 
We're Live on Insta story from 
 this shoutout from one of the 
"If they don’t give you a seat at the table, bring a folding chair." Happy birthday 
Could not have said it better myself! Thank you, 
LOVE! 
Great question! Most insurers cover PrEP but it varies by plan - some will require higher copays, coinsurance, etc. It's one reason we 
Love the red!! 
new music video on Monday. so excited to show you. 
 thank u
we'll do it together. much love bb.
Opening tonight in 
An incredible TSV from Frank Usher. A Gorgeous Poncho, fab colours & full,of sparkle .. See you shortly 
An emotional day on the 
Yass today is the day! Hand-signed copies of my book are now at 
I’m so thankful for all of you. Thank you for supporting me and everything i do
Happy Thanksgiving from my family to yours :) Don’t be afraid or think it’s corny to tell someone how much you love and appreciate them
There is a reason why 
I did a photoshoot for my good friend 
Studio nights with 
Hear the wonderful choirs of 
'Tis the season of giving. 
Thank you to all who contributed to the bake sale and raffle today 
Amazing support from across the pond! 
So much fundraising today , unreal. Thank you all 
From publishing, to recordings, to neighbouring rights — we couldn't be prouder of all our incredible Kobalt clients with nominations at the 60th annual 
As December approaches, I am thinking back to the past year and can honestly say it has been the best all thanks to the amazing 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING TO ALL MY AMERICAN FRIENDS. Mainly giving thanks to our hosts here in Winchester, Virginia, USA the Wolffs and Petersons for giving 
Raise your hand if you 
Keep playing girls. 
Eating should be fun, not hard work! Ever wondered why diets don't work?
Thank you to Josh and Callum of 
What a great week LIVIN Kitchen 
All local authorities MUST get to know 
Please all - read and share - we need to believe in the power of change for mums who have addictions and wrap them in this type of care 
Check R 
Thank you so much to everyone who was part of 
What better way to end your 
Get some 
Have you tasted 
Fancy a wine tasting in the comfort of your own home? Visit stand 9 and talk to the great people 
Gosh we tried this one in session 1 and had to go back for more. Stop by stand  27 if you want to try it 
I know I have tweeted a LOT about 
So proud of these kiddos and their awesome teachers.  Everyone can and will succeed 
Amazing turnout tonight for the 
This made me laugh. Those that follow me if you know why....
B4 she even puts her bag down she greets all 8 students w a 
Whoooo! Hello Friday! Who's feeling festive? We certainly are! We've got all the good stuff going on tomorrow. Come and pick up a gorgeous wreath for your door from 
It's good to be back! Hello world! Watch this space for exciting announcements! 
Gorgeous apple juice available at the market today and every week thereafter 
That nasty mizzle has left us and the market is in full swing. Plenty of time to come and stock up. We've got cracking veg, meat, pastries, cheese, onion strings, hummus, fish, fruit, olive oil, pies, cakes, bread, jam... all the things! 
 Sunday 28th May Family Funday for 
We’ve just published the wonderful Prof Lesley Page’s BLOG post ‘The Birth of our Humanity’ on 
OMG!  The GIANT Health Event starts in 1 week 
Get U A Girl That Wants U Not Needs U...

"There are so many benefits that come with the practice of yoga... increased flexibility and muscle strength, greater happiness, increased mental focus, a greater ability to relax, decreased anxiety and better sleep." - Meghan Markle 
Fantastic news! Hearing how she got them home, she was VERY brave to go herself 
Today with 
Looks like only Dortmund and Ac Milan are on the banned from BetClub list now.

A Madrid... welcome back 
 Hi, I am so happy with my mug with a photo of Robin Williams on it 
Thank you to everyone who watched (again) and all the lovely trades and suppliers. Sending all the best to Mark and the family 
We’d never have coped without your help and the amazing support of all the trades 
How inspiring are 
13YO daughter finished 
Just saying we LOVE 
Nice glasses guys 
When something breaks we fix it or turn it into something better! 
Love that celebration 
Thank you Seattle friends 

“So many of the picture books I read as a child had a profound effect on me growing up...” 
This is everything. I 
This is beautiful 
totally magical! Love Love Love 
how I love these moments 
A few Ss asked to leave our 
She is isn't she! 
That is the coolest thing to see! He was always so passionate about cleaning up our earth, love seeing that he still is!! 
Please retweet and help us win £2000 from 
We're over $300k raised for 
Baby loss Remembrance Day. We'll be thinking of u baby bro. You may not be here, but u never leave our thoughts or hearts. I love you Arch
Congratulations, November Bobcat Students of the Month! We are proud of YOU! 
5th Grade African Masks - We 
Tomo 
Literally love my friends so much, couldn't ask for a better group of gals 
Thats me 
This is a BIG mix to end the show on. Thank you 
OMG, what an amazing achievement for 
MANCHESTER, The self-titled tour, 10.10.2017 
Happy b-day bby gurlll 
‘Hope through research’ - 
I just sent off a bunch of poems. If you send words now, I'll send you your poem tonight. 
can always count on my pals to make me howl when am in a shite mood, dno what i'd do without em 
mad how u can just instantly click with people, love all my new and old gals
happy bday rod
Wow! I talked with 
Getting festive at 
So many people being brought together by the love of nature and a willingness to keep it clean. 
 oh yes, and 
Thank you so much
:
"With life as short as a half taken breath,
Don't plant anything but Love" 
We are now a GOOD church school with outstanding leadership. 
My brother really is the greatest photographer. I love this photo of Robert from years ago with one of his first cameras and now with his extraordinary Canon setup. He amazes me every day and today is his birthday!!! 
Tomorrow we celebrate my amazing brother’s 14th birthday. I’ll be sharing some of my favourite memories of Robert over the years. Stay tuned for some very special 
My brother’s birthday is tomorrow!!! Robert has made us laugh and smile every day since he was tiny. I love this photo of him wrapped up in one of his favourite blankets. Too cute!! I’ll be sharing all of my favourite photos of Robert to celebrate his 14th birthday. 
Please RT and help a girl out 
I love you all. Thank you for being here xx
What a beautiful 
And then we just sailed off into the sunset 
Devastated to find out that the incredibly lovely, handsome, charming 
Where words fail, music speaks! Music gets me through everything 
Mayors, should you launch a policy lab? 
Loved this at 
Happy Anniversary 
: Reflections on 
6 bottles of premium 
There's still tickets left for the 16th of December when we'll be playing with Skerryvore and Inyal in Forfar: 

TWO DAYS from the voting deadline for the SCOTS TRAD MUSIC AWARDS
If you haven't voted yet for Up and Coming Artist of the Year at the Scottish Trad Awards, here's the link: 
We're BUZZING for Gig at the Gathering and Cowal Highland Gathering this weekend! 
Our current colour obsession 
Who's going to a 
 this summer! Thank you 
Ahead of 
Beyond stoked I got to help design vinyl art for these two amazing indie game soundtracks TUMBLESEED &  FLINTHOOK! Available now at 
Check out the Kid Dracula vinyl soundtrack I designed for Konami & Ship To Shore! Available now at 
Dope to see the boys still rocking it and for Mex One 
Such an Inspiring story of my friend Moe Alafrangy. 
 Halloween night with my 
 A Little flipping at Kaaboo Festival before the big night popping the question to my 
He’s a giant bull with an even bigger heart. 
"We believe in empathetic love 
drive very safe tonight please. holidays are crazy. 
We hope to see your smiling face tomorrow! Taste of Tempe and Expo at Noon - Tip at 2pm! 
Fill out this quick survey and you'll be put into a drawing to win movie tickets! Do it for the movies/for me 
We'll celebrate 
Happy birthday to my brother 
Thanks for the 
Yaaaas 
? Yes please! 
Have a great weekend 
Spotted in 
Thank you, sweet friend. 
Thankful for this nugget. My niece Evie. 
Must 
BACK TO BEING PROUD!! 
salon love 
 I love "Patient" 
Had the BEST time at the 
THANK YOU FOR WATCHING AND SHARING THE VIDEO 
BRAND NEW 
a BRAND NEW video coming tonight to my YouTube!! 
For those who ask for what to do in Miami -> my amazingly talented friend, 
Happy Christmas music blasting day! 
Please continue loving, cheering, laughing, crying, and being present. We feed off of all of it. Thank you! 
Huge win in honor of one of the of the best billet moms out there! 
Couldn’t imagine ending our 
Aren't beagles the best?? 
Paw print glitter wine glasses!  
Get your holiday orders in before the rush!! 
 I've never watched this show but some how did and my fav was on it I'm so happy for her she made it 
Thank you guys thank you!!
Thank you guys truly. Love you so much. 
For those of you who know my story and are aware of how cancer has affected my family, know how much this cause means to me 
 this 
Please donate directly on your smart phone! 
Fueled to edit. Long night ahead. Strawberry Shortcake 
It was an honor to talk with XLR8R.. for real. Enjoy your read 
we interviewed each other for 
Not the best 9 game,but the 10s got it done.Special thanks to lust over 
Looking forward to streaming for Bangladesh this weekend! 
 The best band in the world 
  banging out Cola 
This Saturday 
Can't stop thinking about this amazing place and it's amazing people 
Petition: Put pressure on Libya to take action to stop enslavement of Black Africans. 
GoWiPe 
New tune from 
Today we release our first sampler! Sola Ibiza 2017 big 
Thank you London.  That meant so much. 
Best of 2017... 
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there. We 
This is a good day for a feel good story like this. 
To the LGBTQ's 
Up next in Dubai 
Sooo havent seen 
Today we celebrate 3 years of 
I'm grateful for: my amazing family (they make me laugh & always laugh at my jokes), my job, which keeps me fulfilled & makes my heart sing, and of course, I'm thankful for all of YOU. You truly inspire me on a daily basis
 to a unforgettable Summer in Ibiza 
 I listened to this song in class today and it has truly put me in a good mood I love it!!
Remembering George Harrison, who died 16 years ago today. Harrison was a beautiful human with a big soul and an even bigger heart. "Life goes on within you and without you." 
The man never fails to impress
Glisten up! This shimmering, sultry shade is RED-dy for the holidays 
 mexico city. thanks everyone at 
 from Vera and the entire 
 tonight with my gal 
What a feeling it is to play your own music to people 
New work with my new production team 
 have my heart 
 Tonight 
 July29! SEASON 2017 PASSES ARE VALID TILL 6PM + from 6PM on for a 50% discount 
! We're rollin' through 
Love them 
 @ Manchester Airport 
Showin some 
11.29.17 See you tonight CHICAGO at discochicago a benefit for my brotha neg_boy 
Chillin
LOL nothing but 
Thank you for supporting 
Back with the 
So much going on in the world don't know where to start. Let's do a free concert and donate the profit to charity for PR, Texas, Vegas, FL
We’re always down for more 
I was up late night ballin'
Countin' up hundreds by the thousand


Good night: On the way out of my old prof Brent Hayes Edwards' great James Weldon Johnson lecture for 
Thank you Civic for the amazing work you do 
thank you tbilisi 
Remember to come out to Why There Are Words, tomorrow, December 3rd, from 6-7:30PM, at 
We had a wonderful time at the 
 if ICE Agents show up at your door! Retweet and share with family and friends 
This week we helped to reunite a family after a father was detained by 
Thank u for all your birthday wishes. Gonna eat breakfast,
Throw up, than get high.
Love u all
Sorry if I hurt anyone's feelings, I just hvnt been on here in a while... Still love ya all
Thank u all again
hello!

it’s thanksgiving! sometimes these kind of days and nights are hard. i get it. it’s cool. 1-800-273-8255 is always an option if you’re feeling sad. and if you’re sad and trans, 877-565-8860 for the 
CONGRATS ON WESTFIELD FOR BEING REGION CHAMPS FOR THREE YEARS IN A ROW 
Smiling cause I believe I may have made you proud. I don't make people proud very often so making you proud especially you is incredible. 
You can now buy my designs directly 
Yay!! Look at our amazing 
Bruiser's not a dog!! Bruiser's family
Had a Humbling experience working with the Dream Program today. These kids did nothing but put a smile on everybody’s face. One of the people in particular is is my man Earthquake, he played right guard with me all day, we had a great time.
The next generation is gearing up for 
Shoutout to my grandfather on this day, colonel James Jewell. One of the most influential/important people to ever step in my life. I
More Passion Projects! Wheel throwing, knitting, and shoe designing! The knitters like their projects so much they want to start a club next year 
Thank you for being the best 
"As teachers, we decide the tone of our classroom. Are our students going to be loved? Are they going to be believed in?" -
Sometimes, I get to do cool stuff, like be on the radio. 

Thanks to 
We’re all surrounded by some pretty amazing kiddos every day!  Let them know today that they’re your inspiration to do what you do every day!  
When you’re called to the school office, and standing there is one of your “babies” you taught NINE years ago. She came to visit me. She is now a 10th grader! 
 students--come to school early tomorrow (10/4) to enjoy a wings and waffles breakfast, made with love!!!  
Last night was a perfect night to play a few holes with my lady 
Infographics from Michael Stoller’s library Bayer, Gerstner, Wirth, and De Witt. 
Yo! My 
Spending 
Views from Centennial Hall are 
Love this lady!! 
Thank you! Such a good time! 
Hoping everyone has been having a beautiful Thanksgiving day
Thanks so much for watching 
A1: Vanessa Bivens, I
Thankful to have my momma back 
This beautiful plaque is on display at 
I'm so in 
This song feels so real to me... 
I thank God everyday for my parents. If it’s his will I can’t wait to give back to them for all the sacrifices they have made for me. Much Love 
This one- see you soon 
happy birthday again babes
This is my mother-in-law, 100-year-old Justa Lopez. 
Dave, even though it was just a short time, every moment working with you 
LOTS OF GOOD THINGS HAPPENING! 
Wow what a line up! 
ON SALE NOW: Don't miss Valentine's Day Soul Jam starring Russell Thompkins Jr. and The New Stylistics, The Manhattans featuring Gerald Alston, The Dramatics, Deniece Williams and The Jones Girls! 
JUST IN: Valentine’s Day Soul Jam, starring Russell Tompkins Jr. and The New Stylistics, The Manhattans featuring Gerald Alston, The Dramatics, Deniece Williams and The Jones Girls, will take place on February 14. 
  Indie bookstores are the best 
RT my original tweet and follow 
This is the selfish answer but I write because I love it. If my words make others happy and give them an escape...all the better. Tagged by 
God bless 
Thank you for hosting!!!! 
I have read the NYT Sunday Book Review for decades. Today I opened it and found my own book reviewed in there. So grateful, honored, thrilled. 
a nice reminder 
What an honor! Thank you 
If I 
 was when this sweet pea ran up to me with the book she checked out at the public library this weekend! 
Don't miss this list of favorites 
 All the awesome movies are playing in March.
My birthday month demands the best! 
Faved for the 
Wahoo! So happy to hear this! 
Such a lovely group of ladies! Meet my local geek girl group 
What's 
Thank you Selena Chambers! A talented local author who we are truly lucky to have in our community 
If they can't accept you for who you are, let them go. You need yourself much more. Don't hide your true self from the world or deny your power or perfection. It's time to step and show the world your true, authentic self. SHINE! 
Thanks for coming back tonight and live 
From my 9&11 year old: "We 
Best roomate award goes to 
 if you're ready for a new episode of 
You won’t find a more enthusiastic or knowledgeable guide on the planet 
Reuniting with my girls 
With my girlies 
I FINALLY WON!! OMG LOVE WGCI
catch me in asia this week. hitting seoul ( with 
After sharing a powerful message, Sheila Jackson Lee kneels on the House Floor. Amazing. 
Band night out at 
Stoked to be playing 
It was our great pleasure to be at 
Totally gorgeous audience as ever; lovely vibes and a visit from 
We interrupt your browsing to bring you this broadcast. IDLE CROWN HAS LANDED. This is not a drill. 
Hallo 
Excited for the weekend!! 
Lovely vibes and audience down at 
FANTASTIC!!! So proud that Grace was part of this wonderful production. Well done 
As a parent all you want to do is 
Follow this to hear all our tunes in one place 
Our Dublin & Belfast shows are on sale now! Let's get up close and personal in April guys. Tickets below! 
I hope so, it would be cool to have some headline shows in Spain, marmozets amor España 
***TONIGHT***

The inspired songcraft of 
Thank you guys! Big love your way 
Aww ... we luv you all too 
Feeling So Good is out now! 
LAST CHANCE 
DJ MAG TOP 100 
Boss playlist 
Big enough for a big house in Cheshire? 
Sending out your orders! 

I wrote about what I’ve been listening to during this limbo of a month that is November 
Ahhhhhh my favourite time of year is back!!!! guild wish guild wish guild wish 
- scratch that they’re just playing pure little comets 
Thriller is 35 today! The album that defined my childhood and my favourite album of the 80’s. Back then there was pop music and there was Michael Jackson. Today I found ‘The Making of Thriller’ on YouTube! If you’ve never watched it, do it today 


Still buzzing from the London show the other night. Thanks for all who came along! 
Thank you so much Exeter to all those who came and showed us some love. Such a blast 
So so grateful to of been awarded a grant by 
Well this was a lot of fun. Time to chill. 
 we have 3 weeks left to reach our 
Thanks for 
Being a 
My new single 'So What' is out today 
weather looking good for 
Hit 
Retweet this ’til your ears bleed
Have you got your limited edition 
So great working with 
Update: Thanks to YOU, our supporters, over 170 dogs are heading for warm beds and loving families after a life of unimaginable suffering on a South Korean dog farm 
Battersea park has a resident monk performing peace blessings each morning 
Derek, I dont even know how many times Ive seen you at this point, but let me tell you, it is ALWAYS a pleasure seeing you sing protest songs. Thank you for tonight 
thank you so much for taking the time to say hi and take a picture with me! so glad i got to see you perform, never have but have always wanted to, and glad i came up to philly tonight! had a great time 
An incredible week filming in South Korea with these beautiful souls 
Meeting our new family member 
Thanks to YOU, 170+ dogs are heading for warm beds & loving families after a life of unimaginable suffering on a SK dog meat farm. Your generosity opened their cages, & for that, we are forever grateful! Thank you for giving your 
LEARN: How dogs are lending a paw to Uganda's traumatized war veterans 
Today is the day to help save lives 
You are wildly gifted, infinitely generous and completely ahead of all of us—thank you for the records, thank you for existing. Rest sweetly, you brilliant human 
If you're starting to think of Xmas lists, feel free to consider buying a present for someone who has nothing. 
It's been a week and we already miss that stage.  WE WANNA GO AGAIN 
Oooh, lovely new print for next term has arrived 
Last night 
Head to 
Insipred by Harry and Meghan this week? Check out these super romantic proposal spots 
Thank you for all the memories..... 

2 successfully
bid 4 
 Our project pick of the day comes from 
We love you 
Dream job for someone 

Craving this haggis Mac and cheese from 
Glorious day in 
Great evening celebrating 
To match my 
After that wonderful 
It has been an amazing day with so much support 
We would just like to say a BIG thank you again to everyone who got involved in yesterday's 
Thanks for your support 
A spanner or a bone? We'll leave it to your imagination while this get devoured 
Amazing stats here in the UK. Thank you everyone 
Sunday Funday indeed 
Mid week hump? Mid week date night? That will cover just fine 
Happiness is when you love what you do. 
Thanks for this beautiful table 
It's embedded in this cities history and is now embedded in yours. Our famous Corned Beef Hash 
Some familiar names in 
Being on the 
So thrilled with the 
A year ago I decided to take things (& myself) less seriously. Thanks to 
So good to see my day 1 
Cannot wait to see you my friend 
Love flying across the West End! 
No better time to 
A few of our neighbours at 
We're all set up at the 
This Saturday is 
Thank you family 
Happy 12 weeks little Kit 
Lovely night out 
Looking forward to my Q&A 
Huge thank you to 
Soundcheck finished at Scruffy Murphy’s, Birmingham. 
Catch our set from 9pm! 

Just heard our single “Lay Me Down” is being played again on 
It's our single launch show on 17/11/17 at Zephyr Lounge in Leamington Spa. Tickets £6 
JOIN US TONIGHT AT RED RUM IN STAFFORD 
Follow my depop if you haven’t already: 
Happy birthday to my jay jay come ere u 
My favourite thing about 
Because we can can can! 
On episode 4 of the new season of Stranger Things and it was totally worth the wait... 
Thekla is our favourite venue in all the land. Save 
Happy nearly December x
Would you wear this on your big day? 
Some helpful advice from the ladies at 
We hosted our worlds themed welcome drinks last night - all of our girls looked amazing representing the different nations! 
Wow. A huge THANK YOU to every single one of you who joined us last night for 
Had a fab time at 
Great This Girl Can session, thanks to everyone who joined our display training
I mean, LOOK at this category. I am so so so SO proud of 
All thanks to 
GUYS! WE DID IT! We have been shortlisted for the final in the 
Oh what fun we had! 
Audience says it all !!! 
On my way to see my 
My gorgeous 
Look at my Georgey Porge! 
Starting today, save 20% for 
There's nothing like a real book & nothing like a real bookshop! We 
Moomin Characters and Oxfam launch 'The Invisible Child' campaign to empower women and girls around the world
Couldn’t be prouder of 
Sunrise yesterday taken from Baiter Park 
Just an average morning in 
Have you tried our Holiday Blend yet? 
Come work for us! 
Share beautiful moments with beautiful coffee. 
Thank you for supporting Equator Coffees & Teas this 
We can’t wait to celebrate 
With favors of melon, plum, hibiscus, cinnamon, and maple syrup, our new Costa Rica Single-Origin Espresso will surely delight! 
Chamomile and solitude. 
Walls and street collage 
NEW BLOG POST - My evening at 
One visit is all it will take to fall in love with 
The construction and installation of the new 'Wagonway' boardwalk at 
The most wonderous 
Behold the magnificent Dolphin Gull! RT if you like Dolphins, 
A very special episode of my favorite 
The beautiful views we get to see when we're touring 
Brand new record coming December 8th alongside the incredible 
"Saving Light"

It's likely the last song Gaz and I will ever write together. 

It's also a song that gave me treasured friendships, 
Life gets so much simpler when you stop caring what other people think and just do your own thing 
This Life has been hovering around the top 10 on 
It sure is! Fishermen’s data is an untapped well that is too slowly becoming harvested. 
★ This weekend don't miss 
Why not both? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
Mixed and mastered this incredible song by my dear friend 
i'll be on 
YES!!!! All that work was worth it!. Thank you! 
thank you guys so much 
Beautiful track on its way by David Forbes & Richard Durand “Coma” out on 11/12/2017! 
Not at all, thanks for the 
Massive thanks for the support on this another top 10. 
Incredible support already on 
Great opportunity! MSU
The moment our souls touched 
As time stood still
I knew it was real 
Love’s drum makes my heart beat
The best is yet to come
Unity is the key. Because deep down, we are all simply human
Life takes Focus
Cherish what you Love
Grow together 
And have each others back
Let purpose guide you forward 
And never look back
Love showed me the way
And I was gone with the wind
Sometimes all you need a sunbeam 
Why do I care about banning ivory transactions and trophy imports? This is why I care 
 THIS SONG THO 
Sexy sexy sexy soooooooo sexy I love I love 
Really excited for the release of my new collaboration with 
One of my all time favourites, RIP Robert Miles 
Crazy throwback. I made a 5 year goal in 2009 
 great session with 
Lots  Of love  from  
playing in Pakistan for the first time ever in December! dreams do come true 
I’m so blown away by the response to ‘This Christmas Day’ I’m sorry I’ve made some of you cry. I can’t watch the video either. Every download helps to raise money for 
It's official. I joined FSOE for exclusive worldwide DJ bookings. Excited to be linking up with 
Here’s to Sunday- the start of the week of thankfulness
Up to #3 in the charts lets get this higher 
Happy Mother's Day mom! Not sure how you balanced me and your wig at the same time and made it look easy! I love you. 
Last night my dad inducted me into the New Jersey Hall of Fame and 
I just finished round 1 of the Thanksgiving take down... I think I lost that round... But I'm taking a break and I'm going back in to knock Thanksgiving out in round 2. Super thankful to my wife for making home a special place. 
We have the Saints & Sinners remix on repeat at work! 
Absolutely thrilled to announce my debut Essential Mix this weekend on 
So happy to celebrate my bday with my best friends in Chicago tonight!! See you tonight at Spybar! 
5 days jamming at Joshua Tree, things are coming alone just fantastic.. 
Pharoah Sanders spreading only 
Proud of this 
Rise after falling. 
Never Say Die Volume 5 is SO FUCKING GOOD. Jesus Christ. 
Very happy to share the collab I did with my good friends 
UK! Today is Election Day! Please vote!!! 
Nice one Scottee! 
Mark knight ALL NIGHT LONG 
Get to know our Canadian para-athletes
Dropping the first track of my album come February... if you were there tonight you heard the first song off the album before anyone else 
Time Warp is now up on 
I'm nominated for the Swiss Nightlife Award 2017. If you think i deserve it feel free to vote here 
On my way back home from 
Saturday ! Hive ! Rakete ! Animals ! Eagles ! Butterflies ! Reto ! Und duuuuuuuuu 
'Thank you 
Senior dogs get overlooked in shelters all the time, but they make the most loving, BEST pets in the whole world 
FEELING THE LOVEEE 
Hearts go out to all of our friends and family in Barcelona right now 
Bye SoftTech, Welcome Uncork: 
Kristian at 
This 19th-century home is one of a kind. (And we 
The 'Em hoodie' from The Cozy Girl collection. Dropping this weekend on 
I LOVE YOU TO PIECES 
New merch has been released! Get FREE SHIPPING for a limited time!! 
Such a deserving 
Love, love 
GOT ACCEPTED TO MY DREAM SCHOOL TODAY
 
You are the kindest! Thank you Colton 
Just had rehearsal for Monday! I’m so beyond excited! I hope you guys r too bcuz you guys picked my song this week
 undergrads — who would face uneven playing field in law school applications if TWU Law opens — will be heard at Supreme Court 
At the end of the day, it's about taking care of people. 
“find the good in everything” - mama
do what you love, and love what you do
Going to miss Debbie’s killer pipes. Love that energy. 
Makes my 
Difficult driving conditions can exist at all times of the year across the Pacific Northwest. We've compiled links & other important sources of safe driving information for you to check before traveling. Enjoy your travels and 
This service dog is an everyday hero. 
Many thanks to everyone who share our animals! We continue to be grateful for all of our New Hope partners and adopters
Thank you LA friends and 
It's 8am and on my way to work so feeling like a 
What a wonderful night! Us North Dakota girls love being 
That is so sweet.  Love it
It’s CYBER MONDAY! All Tigirlily merch is on sale for one day only! Up to 40% off! Happy shopping and Merry Christmas! 
Thank you for sharing 
LOVEEEE
Thanks Melissa!!! 
LOVE THAT SONG!!!! Happy thanksgiving to you and your fam 
We just confirmed our 1st meal of 2018 will be in 
 really has me in my feelings 
Here’s my interview with 
It was SO good seeing you!!!! 
These are sick lance!!! 
Enjoyed Ringing the Bell for 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOU 
Always good to see my gal 
If you are not crazy then you will want to enter these giveaways 
Service on .200 guests 
Charlotte, NC I've been waiting to perform for 20 min now. Some legal shiiiii just getting dealt w/... but I'll be out there soon! 
Me with 
 all framed up, so pleased with this one
I’m so proud of what our team have achieved in such a short time! 
Best lunch I’ve ever had, hands down 
Just look at how beautiful this is! My very clever mate Paulie 
Thank Timooooooooo! Love Frankie 
Here it is! Our official video for We All Stand Together out this Friday 24th November with a special appearance by the lovely 
Received some incredible news! I will be heading out on tour to Japan in December with 
Soon to be announced 
Festive Fun and .... special offers 3rd December 4 to 7pm  Join Us 
so proud of 
 is different every day and we 
NEW EXERCISE ALERT!
I fully support and join with these 
Congrats Australia, we did it! 
Repost from our neighbours 
Kickers
Our beautiful new selection of lelli Kelly's and petasil now in stock 
Our Sandals store in Chelsea all ready to host the 
Love this film of our beautiful bride Faye's wedding day 
Femininity oozes from every twist and turn of a Nicole Spose dress 
New on the website 
IT'S COMPETITION TIME! 
Going through one of the most trying times of my life right now and I want to tell you that your continued messages telling me how much of a difference I've made for you are making a difference for me too.

All I ask is that you make a prayer for me anytime my words help you. 
New Sunday video!! "Why Happy People Cheat" (feat. 
: We 
GoBabyGo! day is always the best day! 
Christmas wedding ceremonies are SO romantic 
Wood burner lit in The Stable Bar, leather sofas and edible bunting 
LOVE this sneaky peak of 
The GREAT Mariame Kaba! 
Happy 5th Anniversary Wifey 
Quick shoutout to 
LOVE SAVING 
You are so very welcome 
Thank YOU for your support! 
Great! 
Awesome! We should have more of these kids! 
This is my brother Robert. He dreamed of acting. He was 20, Bi-Polar and abused. Suicide 28 years ago. Thank u Maurice for your voice
DEADHEADS! 
HUGE CONGRATS TO MY BEST FRIEND IN THE ENTIRE WORLD 
One of many great reasons why BC is the best of the best. 
Love it 
Congrats on your amazing career 
Congrats on the incredible career! I have always looked up to you and am honoured that I have had the chance to wear the maple leaf w you 
 this! 
 this.
Food truck lottery. Win. Congratulations, Birmingham! 
8 Trees.

9 Feet Tall.

750 Glass Ornaments. 

1,500 Tree Lights.

The Liberty Hotel has installed eight fully decorated upside down Christmas trees suspended from its 90 foot rotunda ceiling for the holiday season.


Boston is beautiful in December. 
Empowering women to achieve economic independence by providing a network of support, professional attire, & the development tools to help women thrive in work & in life.

The Pru is red & white tonight for Dress For Success. 


Happy Thanksgiving to you and your family!
Our national chapter liaison and leader of the Yuba-Sutter sfts chapter Susie Cauchi sent this to us late last night! James Otto stands! 
 the most humblest person I know 
And we 
Margaret Rudkin's 
My husband really knows how to capture me at my finest... good morning from Hawaii! 
Bake cookies and play games (Catan) with Bell and I! 
We've got a lot to say now that 
A quick hello from 
 -Mult. Identities&Literacies of Blk Grlhood-reminds us “revolution is always imminent if we have the courage to do it.”
My first ever music video is out now for my single Fall Asleep!!! Big up to 
Well Done Glasgow Airport for providing Complimentary Fresh Water for Passengers to refill their Flasks - thoughtful! 
So proud!
These are the books my 'Wild Readers' were curled up with in their dens after school today! 
Oh my goodness, I LOVE this! 
An absolute jazz titan, vocal pioneer and my favourite lyricist of all time. RIP to the wonder that will always be 
This is awesome! Still w 
Fantastic charity supporting women and children if you can afford to add one more gift to your list. 
So much fun presenting at JingleBall last night with my lovely co-star 
On screen: enemies. Off screen: pals. 
Believe that was a brilliant ad-lib by 
SHE DID IT! WE ARE SO, SO PROUD!!!!! 
Never stop chasing your purpose! 
Our partners!  Love the new signs here at 
We are raising money this morning for 
We are working on it. 
 is hiring - if you'd 
Most beautiful and heart-warming talk about creativity and connection by 
Hi Sue. Wishing you well 
I do 
With the addition of Carrd by 
Everybody taking part has a story that brought them there. 
Erica kills me!! 
So, if you fancy taking a break from your Xmas shopping today around 3.30pm pop into BOOKS UPSTAIRS. There'll be poems, stories and all the best books for sale!
Love & miss you. Such an inspiration to us all 
This is my story for this year's Hennessy. Thanks for reading 
I don't know why I'm telling you this, as it really hurts my chances - it's mostly to show that I am a good person, or to pretend to myself that I'm a good person. Anyway - do enter, it's a fab opportunity 
An honest and inspiring account of life after a 
Be in the moment 
THANK YOU SO MUCH!! 
Happy birthday amazing 
Our latest blog is all about why one of our members 
Leeds 
The heartwarming moment a deaf baby hears her mother's voice for the first time. This just  made my day 
Hurray hurray it’s 
Dream scenario 
Our Darlings duo were honoured to be part of the Remembrance commemorations 
I love this! 
finalist of level 4 apprentice of the year 
Little things in our eyes can be seen as big things in others. Let’s be kind 
Today marks the 2nd anniversary I married the love of my life 
Had a lovely day at the Christmas market at 
I'm having quite a tough time at the moment, trying to fight some demons that always have a way of creeping into my life! 
But I am fighting them & I won't give up! I just have to keep telling myself things will get better, they always do 
You two are the best! 
Feels like it was a dream. Last night was just incredible. 
Mega 
People's generosity & spirit last night made me do happy tears! Thank you again 
GOOD NEWS, 
Coming to 
Simply love
my little 
Thanks cait 
 to Polly's special day georgeweddings in Rye.
.
.
As featured on 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME! 
2 years ago today I flung open my doors and what an adventure we’ve had ever since. To all my customers old and new, thank you for all your support and love over this time. I look forward to many many more adventures along the way....
Head down to gorgeous Harbour Inlet (opposite SS GB on the other side of the river!) tonight for free bubbly and mulled cider, tapas, live music, spin classes, complimentary gel manicures and blow-dries from lovely indie businesses 
Did this on our show today - what a star Jacob is and such a wonderful gesture from Mike. 
Brilliant project, visited this afternoon, well done everyone 
This will be my 19th herbivorious Thanksgiving and I’m especially thankful that my mom is hosting a vegan Thanksgiving this year. 
Macha is doing her best against her Addison dissease, and this one has been the cause of Anemia and Diabetes.
We have been trying cover her treatments for a few months but now it's getting difficult and her case is getting worse.
Thanks for your interest on my work and help 
Treats Thursday from 
Sorry for being so inactive today guys I was at a film festival all day! 
 2006 I saw 
My idol?
The guy that stops by to sign our things...
The man that cares about each one of us
The man that gets off stage to touch our hands...
The Gift from God...
That is my idol 
I'm wearing my 
I have been 
Make A Wish has always held a special place in our hearts! 
MAGIC OF LIGHTS at Castrol Raceway were phenomenal! Come see for yourself in my newest video 
Leawood families enjoying Seven Baskets annual pancake breakfast 
The Earnhardts 
 still can't believe it's over
22 Episodes of 
Honestly very excited to see what 2018 brings 
At the end of the day, no matter what place you’re in I’m so proud of you
Thankful for such a caring boyfriend 
Honestly couldn’t be happier 
Nothing is better than having a busy day at work and looking at your phone at this 
Retweet if you think he is NOT inviting Denny Hamlin to his party. 
He does this every year as a challenge to family to NOT buy him a Christmas present but to give to those less fortunate. He's challenging YOU to do the same and flood toy town with things that'll make kids smile!

Hey SWAT fans - we heard you LOUD & CLEAR! You wanted more SWAT 
Oops! Too much eggnog - how could I forget to be thankful for 
Maaannn get u mom like mine 
I've been hanging on to this box of cereal until my 
Time with the little man tonight. 3 generations of Eddie's & family. Life is good. 
Support your local retailers - shop small this season! 
My mom is the bravest, coolest, and funniest person I know. When I grow up (I’m still pretty young ALRIGHT?!) I want to be as strong as her. I love you, 
So, yesterday I sang in front of a few thousand Japanese skating fans and TBH it was pretty awesome. (Thank you 
SOMEWHERE IN THE MIDDLE out on 
Let the social media shaming begin. Regardless of what u do tomorrow, you are enough. (Thank u 
Team Ontario Wins Gold at NAIG! 
Can't wait for dessert 
Proud of these 
Happy birthday Sky
Happy national siblings day! Love you guys so much
Thanks mom! 
Thanks for sharing Doug 
Happy Birthday David 
Rest easy Gord, we’ll miss you
Thank you Gord for the music and the memories. 
Just went on my fourth date with 
If you're on the hunt for classic movie Christmas cards, might I suggest  
Loads more names and stage splits just announced for 
Absolutely LOVE this 
2 days until our 1st ever LONDON HEADLINE SHOW!supports from 
all my 
Come home to my 
it’s that time again... take 20% off everything w/ code TURKEY20
Please join us in wishing a very Happy Birthday to Rusty -  
Loving this from 
Yas!!! We love this! 
GRASS is a stoner comedy about two women (
Performers are offering free stuff in exchange for AVN votes, as predicted.

Which is fine if they're comfortable w/that. No judgement from Me.

However I don't do free. This is why I don't have a chance in hell to win.

Thank you for all your votes anyway. Much appreciated.
We salute 
Lovely people. We really need you! 
Please vote & RT. You could help us get essential funding to provide more services & support 

Huge privilege to be with the people of Streatham to turn on the Christmas lights with a man I greatly admire 
Sailing with 
"Win or lose, it's important to "get caught trying"" 
Sharing some unlimited joy to your timeline. 
THE PRETENDER by 
Quick poll: Are you planning to knit something for a loved one on Valentine's Day? 
This is our city. We'll continue to love London and everyone in it every day, especially through the hardest times 
This is close to my heart as I have spent a lot of time at The Whittington Hospital 
In the Calais warehouse...pls donate something kind friends 
One of dance music’s fastest rising stars, we can't wait for Helena Hauff's return to XOYO this Saturday
Melancholia Hymns is just beautiful. Well worth the wait. Can't wait for the special show tomorrow 
So they should be 
Ordered my Super Deluxe Edition of 
Turn your passion for all things Pinterest into a money maker with these 6 tips! 
Ohh 
Clients, investors, Seeniters, editors, parteners, & mums...

 
Amazing parade! Well done lantern makers! 
Someone has learnt how to use ALL the effects and they’re not afraid to use them!
We 
The Haus of Bruce LaBruce - 
Are these the last grapes being harvested in the U.K?  Chardonnay in Devon 
Hope you enjoyed your visit Andrew! 
Just a few suggestions from us 
  Cheshire is probably one of my all time favourites - over 200 cheeses in the shop and I always come back to that one! 
Naturally 
OMG I love him 
You can donate here 
 It is this time of year that this song needs to be played on repeat
So sad 
Mozzarella making with our faves 
Spread the word !   MILL HILL is the place to shop and eat and prep for Christmas !!

Go, go, go Mike... Listening to 
There is never a dull day with 
Next level eggs 
Such a talented beautiful girl! She will be missed by so all 
Rest in peace Olivia Emma Faulkner 
She is such an amazing little girl everyone 
Learn 
A standing ovation from a sensational audience - and joined by the boy who inspired it all 
I can’t wait for 
tomorrow night 8pm 
We've just been sent a beautiful card from two very thoughtful children! It reads: "To all the nurses, Wishing you every happiness at Christmas time, thank you love Cassie and Jesse" 
Spoiled for choice 
The best mince pies EVER! 
Just can't get enough of 
Check out our latest Bonnie-Lou Manizer Tutorial video 
We are so excited to see our beautiful 
Big love 
This picture was taken by a good friend of mine 
Ralph, Trigger  
Package from BH cosmetics has arrived! Ready to swatch them all! 
.
First off @modelsownofficial Lix Matte Liquid Lipstick: 'Berry Cool'. Meine neue liebe 
Can’t wait !!
2 films in Sundance with my loves 
That's the end of the European Junk Tour , thanks for the support everyone. I don't want this tour to end...
A face only a mother could 
Such a glorious location with amazing food!!!! 
A little bit of 
My child has lost it 
Our 3 x Sparkling Pink and Themptation chocolate gift set is now available to buy online or from the Winery Bar! 
Absolutely loved 
 enter & 
 thank you! 
We’ve been so well supported by the BBC in the Midlands - here’s a video of our interview from earlier this week 
Thankful for these 2, family and friends
Hope this lil homie still remembers me
I miss this jerk 
Mak & I adore you foulkeyy Happy birthday my love
Pack of legends
"I'm so proud I could repay him with gold"

Your Dad will have goosebumps, 
Happy Birthday to the fabulous Daffy’s team! It has been a pleasure mixing fine G & Ts using the mighty Daffys 
When you know she’s on the same team 
I need you & you need me 
Last night in the capital with 
Thank you for the support 
Brilliant news well done the wonderful 
 first week working for you guys on agency & never felt more at home your awesome! See you next week much love 
RT if you 
This is your Tuesday reminder 
Blown away by the 
My girl 
Elegant romance was the goal and were totally in love with tonight’s beautiful wedding! 
Yes this is the time of year we really need it! 
Everyone welcome, especially mum's in need of some me-time! 
absolutely enjoyed tonight cheered me up 
Loved tonight! It was so good I go every year and I laugh every time, what a amazing show everyone put on, getting exited for next year’s now 
thank you boys
Rock Star 
Thank you coach. You're support means a lot. 
Thanks Coach! You are the best 
Thanks coach! We appreciate the support 
We are so close! Just a few more donations will help us reach our  
"Sometimes you need to step off, regroup." Fletch has hit the nail on the head. We're all here for you Jac 
! We're giving away free hugs! See you on the wards at 8pm for visiting hour 
Thankful for you
It’s my wife, Ellen’s, birthday. Breakfast in bed today, my dear! She has always put everyone else first. Great mother to our children and the players we coached. Her coach’s wife mentality has made our success possible. 
Looking for a Christmas gift with a conscience? We love this inspired list from 
We recently welcomed 
Have you plans to purchase a 
Good luck, lads 
Happy Birthday, Ryan Giggs 
Little Bradley has sadly passed away. Let's remember that amazing smile, and how much he meant to everybody. 
What a way to wrap up 2017
When you know 
Please take a moment to watch this video The Journey.....

We have made this to capture the journey of 
We've just released our brand new Cardiovascular Examination video, including real-time auscultation sounds 
Oh the passing. 
Thanks cuzzo and Love u too
In case your rubber arm needs some convincing to come to Cape Town for 
Goodbye Khayelitsha. The most fascinating, challenging, heartbreaking and inspiring place I have ever worked. I'll never forget the lessons I learned here, or the people who taught me them. 
Football Is Family 
Wow.... I am so honored to be nominated with this group of extraordinary women!! 
TFW when you GIVE 
When little kids dress up as your brother for Halloween
Patients need their friends & family around them for love and support in an alien environment, anything that we can do to accommodate this is going to be beneficial to the patient and their recovery 
I know!! Im shocked at how quick the last 10 weeks have passed! Looking forward to helping and supporting mental health 
Thank you for the feedback! We are trying our best to get you all through 
Love u too bro 
100% supportive of 
Thank you Lesley, we do! So sorry about your loss Steven. Devastating. Thank you for taking time to highlight what mattered. 
Big message from women in this... they love it! 
So wish I was with u all 
Don't ever forgot your shoes 
We're dedicating 
The winners of the 2017 Bowlin Bowl goes to the Freshmen! 
Happy Thanksgiving! This year I’m especially thankful for my Red Team, that became my family away from my family.
Happy Birthday to our fearless leader 
The MU Academy team Italy!
Second twin’s Apgar & pH probably not affected by inter-twin delivery >30 mins. Would 
Thanks 2 all my friends,family and strangers for the support. Time 2 have a great senior season
So excited for this 
practice of obstetric emergency in midwifery at Lucina Birth Centre 
On the 0703 train to Coventry to run another MUAcademy workshop 
Great interdisciplinary work on neonatal resuscitation working to open a new MU in Tuscany 
My Saturday and Sunday nights just became free. Aston robbed 
So excited and blessed to announce that I have committed to play volleyball at the University of Nebraska
Earlier this year we helped Alexina "get her dad back", when her mother called up our 
What an unbelievable feeling
Love this team. 
On and off the court she is amazing
 Download our app and book a restaurant for the easiest (and tastiest!) way to make a difference. 
Join us and change your twitter profile to this image for the weekend to show that we all have 
It’s the most wonderful time of the yearrrrr. 
5A State Runner-Ups!  Couldn't be prouder or these girls and their 
Just over 1k with offline donations.  Pls help us fund this film and help reach the masses 
And we are loving it, don’t know about you but love dance floor fillers 
Happy birthday to my younger but bigger brother 
When you're driving and your friends say cmon Brandi get out for a senior pic!!! Lol love this place 
How do you show your 
The InMyBag Christmas advert is here! After much anticipation, we present Paul's Bad Day. We hope it warms your heart on this cold 1st December 
Congrats big guy proud of you 
In May I had a pretty eventful night at Fermentoren with 
Had the loveliest evening at 
 great place that’s all down to a very correct polite team! Well done you deserve a full restaurante. 
Get your tickets for our New Years Party online or at the bar 
Happy days at the 
Cheers to a beautiful evening at 
This place 
In Baroque heaven!! I 
Today is the official end of Hurricane Season 2017!!! Good riddance - here's to never experiencing another one like it! 
Lovely new addition to our journal collection 
We’ve been busy photographing the new wholesale collection today, including these stylish origami wolf cufflinks! Launching soon 
It’s a busy Monday in the studio, preparing lots of orders for our stockists 
Just 
..the lighter side of life 
Her first bath. 
Created to inspire! Warm colours based on the shapes of the heart, infinity & the spiral 
She is 
My work place this past Saturday 
Have a fabulous Friday 
Thank you.
What an absolute thrill to see 
For every retweet on this post, 
The person who makes my heart sing! 
How Stanley wakes up 
Had a great time commentating at 
Our inspirational leader, Michael Landa, won ABJ's Best CEO for a medium category business in central Texas and we are SO PROUD! 
Ahhh Mahn 
Breaking the 2-hour marathon. Crazy? Yes. So we’re doing it. 
Spicy paella and a prawn ! Ooh la la 
taking justice into her own hands. 
Weather forecast for tomorrow December 03, 2017. AM Showers, with a high of 22 C. 
 thanks for sharing your experience. 
Weather forecast for tomorrow December 02, 2017. Partly Cloudy, with a high of 22 C. 
Weather forecast for tomorrow December 01, 2017. Sunny/Wind, with a high of 27 C. 
Weather forecast for tomorrow November 30, 2017. Sunny, with a high of 31 C. 
 was my favorite 
Happy Belated birthday Mel 
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀⠀⠀        I need God in every
⠀       single moment of my life 
Backyard of the new place 
Currently craving Portuguese cuisine 
In case ya missed it 
Never assume, always ask first 
Text SAHHA+BF+PATTY MONROE to 32545
Or head on over to 
My heart skips a beat 
Friends, I’m looking for a new adventure! Here are some things I’ve done before…

- Co-Founder and DevOps Consultant
- Head of Delivery 
- Programme Manager 
- Technical Product Manager
- Public Speaking
- Community Leading

Fancy a chat? DM me! Please RT 
One of my favorite events of the year! Mad 
Such a humble soul 
This. Trying to help a friend. Stay strong 
May god bless you and all my fans, as well! 
Thank you for your undying love! You all are truly one of a kind to me. 
Thank you ALL so much!! 
Thank you for sharing. 
 finds you. 
We are 3 weeks old today! Time flies when you're having fun 
Omg that 
Suffice to say I feel extremely honoured to have been acknowledged in this way with an 
100's of 
Good life choices 
Happy beeday 
HOLY FUCK WE JUST WON SONG OF THE YEAR. THANK YOU 
A huge thanks to 
thank you all so much for your support on our new remix for 
Excited to share 6 new remixes of Sunset Lover out today! 
Pieces of Me by 
Vegas! Let’s show the 
Join me tomorrow at 3PM CET / 6AM PT at my 
Pre-sale for my Jan 17 Toronto show at 
Brussels tonight 
Y’all I just watched 
I am HERE for you 
Last service with these guys
Toooo much 
They say diamonds are a girl's best friend but I beg to differ 
First Arak of the morning lewinski market 
As the nights and days get cooler during the winter season, there's nothing like a good organic, fresh burger or full course meal to warm the heart! 
It was always for Mark 
Headed home after the 6 week 
Family is Love! Sense8 family is everything! 
Happy Thanksgiving! Grateful for so many things this year I don’t know where to begin. My family and friends know my list. For everyone else, thanks for all the support and love you’ve shown the show and the cast. I hope you have a great day with your families. Lottsa Love 
I have now seen 
Agreed. We 
 Thank you for watching with us!! That’s it for 2017!! The journey continues after the holidays. 
Very proud of 
THANKFUL AF today. Well everyday. Gratitude is a gift you should give to yourself everyday, not just on a holiday. It is the act that allows you to see the miracles in your life, call to them, and to create more. Happy Thanksgiving love bugs. 
Totally should've included this.  Gah, so many personalities jammed into one day. May the force be with you. 
My buddy - writer/ producer/ veteran 
Love NYC
I would love to thank all of the staff at the 
Yes Zac!! Love this 
YAY! So glad you're watching. AND you have a whole new season to enjoy too! Hope you enjoy as much as I love KUWTK. BIBLE. Okrrrrrr
Yes!!! 
I love it Thankyou 
I think this is great! Thankyou so much 
Loved meeting you too!
Wow Thankyou 
 is out NOW ahhh go cop it
I’ll do anything if you say....
Someone posted this on Facebook 
Pearson love
Amazing how each character&story on a TV show can touch ur 
"This Is Us" We always have fun with each other on set ! I 
Good morning everyone 
We'll all find our balance. Thanks for watching 
 We will miss you Deja' 
Thank you Ms 
That's a wrap for me with this episode !! Can't wait to get home 
I 
RT if you show your love for animals by not eating them 
Thank you Mr Ken so much! I’m so grateful to be a part of TIU 
Awhh thanks Faye Love you 
Be still my heart 
Check this out babies!!! My mama taught me about giving back...important work being done everywhere
All smiles before school! 
Wow time has gone by so fast, so proud of you ky,congrats! 
Couldn’t ask for a better way to kick off my birthday 
Don’t miss your chance to hang out with me at the final 
new music video on Monday. so excited to show you. 
 thank u
we'll do it together. much love bb.
New Tut! Bombshell hair tutorial 
Michelle Shopper, BeeDog Charm, & Izzy Tote 
A buzzer beater 3 by Cam Clegg gives Wayne Memorial a 73-70 win over Country Day!!! Best game I’ve seen in a long time!!!!! 
Isabella Marez is doing great things! She’s not only the Tournament of Roses’ 100th Rose Queen but also a 
Little Shira Josephson has a HUGE heart! 
"Absolutely love this foundation. It's so lightweight and gives full coverage. It is my new and only foundation I'll ever use! Love it 
All the heroes are incredible people ..BUT his story just touched my 
aww lets be besties 
Thanks so much! Xo 
 your piece on 
Love should be this simple 
Got to admit, I teared up a little at this video! Great job everyone 
To all of you who donated during 
SADD is working to empower teens, engage parents, & mobilize communities to help teens keep themselves and their friends safe. Give today to support student leaders across the country in their efforts! 
As 
There is so much to be thankful for, but we are always thankful for you, SADD Nation!
So in love with the decor at 
Our hearts are with Tyvoris and his family. 
Wrap up November by sharing what you're 
Let students express themselves, show their understanding, and do SO much more with 
The ClassDojo Teacher Facebook Community. 
Trios we 
Edison Elementary w 24 Ts, 650 Ss, 1,000+ Ps & 
I love it 
Regardless of what happens with sanctions today, there are a few things of which I’m certain: Rebels will no longer have to listen to Rosebowl perseverate about the potential coming penalties; the Egg Bowl Trophy is home in Oxford; and Ole Miss is still The Flagship. 
Big up 
Skai Jackson looks beautiful in these newly posted selfies on Twitter! 
Coming back to school after a doctor’s appointment to THIS makes my heart swell with pride!  Can’t wait to share with my spectacular students! 
RT if you love 
 is available now. Are you ready for it? 
I LOVE 
The grammys new artist nomination list is SO INCREDIBLE & EXCITING!! Congratulations to all nominees this year 
CONGRATULATIONS 
We surprised SMU students with tickets to our show last night to launch Bumble Beats 
50 awesome people to follow, if you don’t already 
The tree is officially here. I love living 10 min away from a Christmas tree farm 
SO proud of 
I hope everyone in the 
Thx for all the 
Whatta fuckin night 
Leg 1 is finished. See ya Melbourne! 
Well this is gonna be a big night so please 
About last night 
Couldn't the same be said of Cosby? His family certainly thinks he's filled their world with 
This is a fucking crazy story, masterfully written & deeply researched. If u liked The Imitation Game u will 
It’s 
Thanks doll! 
 coming through!! hey girls
There is not a better artist that I could have clung to for ten years and continuously seen as my idol. Thank you 
This mother's story is so inspirational! 
Glad you came :) 
Spending quality time with 
We’ve got puppies, yes we do! We’ve got puppies, how about you?

We would LOVE to see this litter get adopted today 
 looking forward to an awesome 2018 for the 
21 premieres by 
We 
Wishing 
Have a 
: Get inspired by 
Love that I work at the best school with the best teachers! So deserving of this 
YAY! That’s my kids teacher! 
Bear hugs! 
Puerto Rico, our hearts and prayers go out to you.  We’re all in this together.  
S/o everyone who joined us tonight on Instagram Live. Big Thank You to everyone who has donated. 
We love this program and are privileged to partner with 
We’re joining 110 nonprofit US news orgs to call for the public support needed to safeguard an independent press this 
Goodbye for now 
Rainy Rome 
Congratulations to our partners at Canadian Pacific on leaving a lasting legacy in Ottawa via the University of Ottawa Heart Institute 
We’re raising the stakes for the 
Last night was 
We've got something for everybody at our CP Has Heart HQ 
Do you know how many footballs are in our heart? Visit the Guess-timation Station at our 
The friendship bench - may every child bloom to their full potential 
I recognize so many of these faces! 
Throwing it back to last year at TrevorLive! Can’t wait for tomorrow! 
Your gender identity & expression is valid 
Love when my mom greets me at home with her beautiful smile and hug! 
I got your back I got you! I'll take your sign I'll lay my life down for you! 
In love with K Michelle! 
Darling stand by me 
Happy birthday to my biggest fan since day one! Love you Mom 
Putting out some 
hbd, 
HBD to my bestfriend!!!!
HAPPY BDAY BESTIE, 
At Drew's bday 
One of my favorite events of the year! Mad 
Just heard the news. Broken Heart. RIP Gord 
Living in 
When your favorite radio station plays your new single right after one of your favorite people and bff’s. 
love u 
Love this tradition.  What a great pic 
Congratulations Emma Fraser, Grace Dyas and 
Ss falling in love w/Katherine Applegate's books and characters! They 
THE ONLY FISH IN THE SEA, my newest picture book w/ Philip Stead, gets a lovely review in this weekends NY Times Book Review! Written by none other than Leonard Marcus! 
The fabulous team of Portis & Porter 
Medals are great. But a Halloween costume from one of your books? Now, that's a librarian tribute. Thanks 
A wish for themselves.
A wish for someone else.
A wish for the world.

Today we made our own wishtree as 5HA finished Wishtree. 
Thrilled to see The Vanderbeekers in 
We fell in love with Crenshaw & Jackson. 
 will be the recipient of the ROBERT ALTMAN AWARD (Director & Ensemble Cast) during the 2018 
Just told husband not to worry-tears are from my book & plz hand me another tissue. Have you read 
Dear 
A couple of my fifth grade Reading Ambassadors 
Thank you to everyone who joined us for another successful 
Could not have said it better myself! Thank you, 
These stages will make you question if you can send them back where they came from!Don't respond to them in frustration practice patience!
No matter how the cookies have crumbled without them there would be no us. 
A good swaddle and a pacifier are key for catching the sandman 
Parenting is 24/7 365. However, the benefits of unconditional 
The message speaks for itself! Tough Love
A lot of parents say I don't know what the hell I'm doing! That's Ok...Trust your gut not the fear!You got this! 
This Nanny Connie approved read by 
2 1/2 to 3 is a great window for potty 
I couldn’t stand still. I had cried too many times! 
All the feels! 
Six years ago I created a show called 
Let's give a big hand to 
Oh...oh...oh...how I LOVE Jane Hirshfield. 
Pasta + Bread = 
Members, we 
We'd 
Extra proud of my fav guys today 
Thank you oaktopiafest, Thank you Dallas 
Absolutely legendary team. Couldn’t have asked for a better ending to the story. Thank each and every one of you 
Time to spread the 
Did you know you can help nonprofits just by filling out surveys?
A whopping 89% of people in the U.S. have donated to nonprofits this year –– and many say they plan to support 
Thanks Brother
Shout out to the Clackamas defense tonight for holding it down and making the comeback possible. Nothing but love for all of you
More photos from today’s 
Thank you all for the lovely birthday wishes!!!
You got that, right! Everybody wins. Thank you for spreading kindness & lending a hand. 
EVERY Sons first coach is his mother 
I could not be more proud of our SOU boys! You guys put up and amazing fight and we all love you
I want to love, honor, & respect 
My heart hurts, but my boys fought so hard, and I wouldn’t trade this season for anything. It as an honor to be there this season 
You’re the strongest man I’ve ever met. I’m so proud of you and I
I’m so beyond proud of you. You work so hard and it’s all paying off. Keep ballin, my love ... I
YES CHASE!!!!! 
A cowboy never goes into battle without his trusty steed. I'm honored to say I ride into battle with many horses, most importantly my baby colts up front 
We asked people in 
Watching one of my all time favorite movies with my all time favorite person, 
love my boys forever 
happy birthday brother c
Sometimes we just need a simple reminder. The sisterhood between these young ladies at SJHS is unexplainable 
Red Cross Blood Drive + Jesters = Success 
The resonant 
Senior homecoming w the best 
Sharing some unlimited joy to your timeline. 
“OH, VITA” in musicassette. Love it. Congrats 
It took me 42 years to realize that my name - MAURO - is the 
there is a new blog post up all about my winter essentials from 
Thanks for the love 
Which Henderson would you rather have playing in the centre of midfield?

RT - John

Happy birthday to my brother 
Joan's legacy will live on forever. 
Every fighting for a Wildcat Victory.
Congrats on #200.  
 by far the best T-shirt I have owned (as well as the best I will ever own) 
Broken my record 2nd wk running on 
What a feeling 
Behind every man is a strong woman 
This Is How Real Men Shoot Animals 
One year ago today, what dreams are made of 
If everyone could go vote for me it would be greatly appreciated 
Thanks for the bday messages everyone! A Birthday I’ll never forget in front of a 
Pleased to see the red card overturned! Important 3 points from the boys today! We go again Monday
please go on and read our story, we want to raise awareness of this condition 
Game 1 done 
Exciting times 
We simply can’t wait to hear from Breanna and meet your team!
Thanks for all of the 
And Sienna is beyond honoured to sing for them! 
Miley and 
We're all smiling for you little man! Keep fighting, 
The big reveal at 
Took Mom to 
 this 
Spent the morning with 
Baby, that's what a custom tailored suit by 
I get to see 
Thanks for the feature 
Good luck to my boys 
Had an absolutely amazing time at 
1-800-273-8255 - Suicide Hotline

877-226-3111 - Addiction Hotline

844-228-2962 - Eating Disorder Hotline

877-455-0628 - Self Harm Hotline

888-640-5174 - Depression Hotline

Retweet this for someone who might really need these phone numbers right now. 
Preview of the first episode of 
In studio with 
By any means I get to them 
Happy Birthday Islah 
One mo’ time.... 
This is my baby right here too 
Thank you. 
 is incredible tonight on 
One of my favourite photos ever. Proper laughter and smiles are the best. 
Happy Thanksgiving from our family to yours!! 
We have gained another Angel. 
An honour to attend and perform 
 Thanks Noor for this video. And thanks Arab Women of the Year Awards for having us tonight! A true honour 
Fantastic night 
 Loved your sound! You both have so much talent! Thanks for tonight 
Laughing is good for the soul
JUST A LITTLE LOVE 
What do you want for Christmas? 
GUYS I HAVE SHIRTS !!! 
Happy Thanksgiving!! Feeling thankful!! 
Daww thanks !!! 
Oh, and of course... (
Join me & 
I count my blessings year-round, but I’m always extra reflective on Thanksgiving. So today I’m giving thanks to the guy who never makes me stop smiling. Wishing you and your loved ones a beautiful celebration 
I choose to remember last night as being a celebration of women, of Diana, of Whitney, of love and life and joy and all things good. THANKYOU to everyone that had the courage to take that stage- wether it be right side up or sideways. All love 
Happy St Andrews Day to the Queen Of Scots 
"WTF Just Happened?!? 
Saw Paul Weller perform this on the day that Steve Marriott passed away in 1991 at Brixton Academy 
Grease the musical was fantastic tonight 
It’s out!! Loved this job so much 
Watching Rocky & Wrighty again on 
Vote for Stella if you's can 
Just saw ‘Christmas Carol’ 
Hope all my friends across the pond enjoyed 
Two years ago at 
Love this! 
That's my girl 
This is my chum 
A colossal 192 crates of food donated in 3days to 
This is a beautiful campaign 
Extremely surprised to have won the Ann Brougham Award at Teaching Leaders Graduation tonight. Thank you!! 
OMG, what an amazing achievement for 
Tuesday: "Winter is coming."
Wednesday: "Spring, is that you?"
There's just nothing like weather in New England! We 
Father Christmas visits and happy times with the family 
Absolutely ecstatic with the fact that Stanley Park has been voted the UK's best park. Maybe it's time for us to host some events and do some filming there very soon. Keep your eyes peeled guys. 
We’re all over 
It’s great to see our students making their pledges for 
I am in utter awe of this inspiring woman. This will be a magical Christmas for her 1900 students! 
The support throughout has been unbelievable, thanks to all the fans that have followed us home & away We will be back 
David Hoyle is here with us in Blackpool for a very special return home. Show starts at 7.30pm, not long to go 
Double GLs 
Man like 
Excited to see 
We don't like reggae, we love it 
Three test matches. Three different challenges and three wins. Shout out to 
Only a select few know this, what an impact that label made 
Really wish I had gotten his name but I just really wanted to say thank you to him again, he really opened my eyes to alot of things
 my cousin, her husband & their son were taken to GOSH today & the driver wouldn't take the fare. Thank you so much 
Weekend gigs in Hong Kong! I had such a blast that didn't manage to get many pictures. Thanks to those who sent me these shots! 
This lunchtime I peeked at 
 words spoken and 
A privilege and an exciting opportunity to be named in this squad. Even more special that it's in honour of Wendy White 
Thank you guys 
So proud to wear the 
I’m glad I picked that double choc cookie for you now! Couldn’t have you being sad any longer, loving you all the way back from Scotland! 
Ps you still so beaut 
I can’t wait for 
tomorrow night 8pm 
Dear Africans, These Young Girls Deserve Endless Retweets 
Only boy taking part at the NEtGO Program 
3/3 losses for Flames today 
Cannot wait to be back at 
My EP is out today! 
Nothing brings 
The party's over, but we'll be back next week for more 
Happy Thanksgiving from Monaco! 
Honored to be included on this list! 
Sending all the best vibes to my #1, 
Go Gophers! 
Thank you for the Female Athlete of the Year Award 
Just landed in Columbus for the USATF Awards tonight! 
Happy Bank Holiday one and all! Lots of love 
 a key feature of the 
New besties 
Welp, the news already out in Russian press: Mariya Kuchina got married to sports writer/commentator Vladas Lasitskas 
Wow, thanks for the nice words 
Mom: playing Badman Talkin' on soundcloud but it doesnt show my plays!

its not about the play count but aww...  
Look who Louise bumped into at the Suva bus stand!  Vilimaina so nice to see her all ready for the festive season 
Pisgah Dragons.... Love It!!!!!! Keep up the great work!!!
Thanks again for this amazing opportunity 
. This is where it all started for Claudia Francis (Claudacious) and I, 
It's Friday, I'm in love...

Who else 
i’ve been going to this thai restaurant for so long they gave me the wifi and let me play music on sonos 
My boy 
Ed Sheeran & Beyoncé = 
D&B Gang, get involved...

I 
 sometimes it feels so hard to get through the day but your love and positivity makes it a little easier. Thank you, Based God 
Happy thanksgiving America. 
Happy birthday to our very own songstress 
Ma TRUUU Nigga Pac
We're celebrating 11 years of bringing good music to good people this Feb 16th at 
Just saw a woman in Brixton give a homeless woman the gloves off her hands 
The Daily - I 
Playlist updated: we have new releases from artists 
Love them 
 @ Manchester Airport 
We’ve done over 1/2 a milli plays on 
 
Another birthday present, this time from 
Little early christmas present.. opened up an old machine found 5 unfinished tracks ive always kinda liked.. enjoy 
Change of plan: 
Anyone who heard freshlive or more recently 
Drumsound & Bassline Smith - "Wardance" 
Added to the "I 
19,400 Follows On 
 check out my bro 
New drum and bass bangers for your weekend, today we've got new releases from  
Big thanks to Yvonne & the 
No shows this weekend blocked the diary to spend time with my amazing wifey 
This is a Fall dream 
Brand new updates - 15th NOV.. new music on the list from:


19,038 Follows On 
 I 
Calling all London peeps , stay clear of oxford street, hoping there’s no casualties 
Thanks for the feature. DnB heads get following RT 

Im very excited to announce that 
Did not think 
Liquicity have put together a compilation of tracks that have been uploaded to their channel in 2017 and it is released tomorrow. It features three tracks with our name on and we are very happy to be a part of it 
Lock into 
 the NHS
We got kicked out right after this. 

Thanks 
LONDON! Nothing but love for the last 3 days 
Forever loving this sweatshirt thx 
MERCH! 

Finally got my package today!!

Honestly quite impressed! Love the fabric, not to mention that crewneck, soooo soft.. The packaging has improved A LOT -since I bought merch 3 years ago- ((hecc)) and it arrived faster than expected!

Thanks a lot 
Meet me by the golden pig of love 
What a crazy weekend! 
I love partying with you lot! 
Thank you California & New York for another amazing few days 
So proud mama j
Budapest you guys went in HARD I love yall !! 
TODAY ONLY! Take 30% off your entire purchase with code: LECYBERMONDAY 
Tell me you love me 
Still can't get over this track.....it's so beautiful!!! 
I love 
Friday I'm in 
Tickets & VIP packages are already moving fast! Join The 
Can't stop thinking about this amazing place and it's amazing people 
you can actually taste the love. 
Happy beeday 
The music video for ‘Tell Me You Love Me’ is out now! 
HOLY FUCK WE JUST WON SONG OF THE YEAR. THANK YOU 
Sending lots of love to Minsk! 
The time I spend with you is always the best 
Back in the USA 
Check out some kind words about Mastermix and many many more on the latest edition of 
Currently #1 on Billboard World Albums Chart with 
This puppy couldn't stop crying out in pain when anyone came near him because he'd never felt a gentle touch. But then he met this woman 
 Thank you so much for this amazing video that made me so emotional and gives me so much motivation to make more new music for you. I 
Thank you for this song 
My legendary Wife doing legendary things with a Legend
Stand up and stand out! 
Been DYING to see 
super stoked to announce the drop of our online merch store 
positive ft 
ICON HIT 10Million Thank You 
Playing at Nii Moscow.  Thank you Oleg, Lucy & Sasha
Thankssss 
Thanks! 
One for the books
holy shit 2 grammy nominations. IM EXCITED THANK U GUYS 
H-TOWN MADNESS 
motion was like a zoo tonight 
Gwaaaaan B with ur bad self!!! 
Fatso Johannes 
Celebrating 10 years tonight with a SOLD OUT show for 
Love you too 
JAPAN! It was so wonderful to be back!! 
Love you karen
Pineapple looking all shiny and new after our face lift, including new windows in studios! Thanks to our members for being so patient while the works were carried out, and BIG thanks to the refurb crew for doing such a great job! 
Still hot online - 25% off all weekend! 
No code needed, 25% will disappear off your total at checkout! 
Ayyyy with the double up 
Incredibly proud and excited to be able to share this.

Lone - DJ Kicks. 

September 29. 

Preorder: 
Thank u Sydney, regardless of where I go y’all  will be my home forever & those who come 2 my shows i keep close 2 my hart 
We are so honoured to a part of the release of the incredibly important film 
 is close to my heart, please share 
Perfect Sunday 
LOVING the 
It's time to dance to the fab 
So happy to be back teaching tonight 
It's showtime TONIGHT! Good luck to everyone taking part in Pineapples Showcase 'Let's Dance' 
It's time to swing from the 'Chandelier' with Sia 
Hi everyone please donate and retweet this link for my nephew 
Dec 8 ends an era and starts a new. Feeling very grateful and accomplished right now. Kimberly:The People I Used To Know
Ask 
Berlin this weekend with 
I’m not a person who can do interviews & lie to the public! with me what you see is what you get. Glad everyone enjoyed the podcast 
Maturity 
Boating fun!  
All the LOVE 
Nothing but love for 
SUNDAY! 
A bit of spoken word/poetry/verbal musings I recorded recently.....one love 
So thrilled to have had 
Absolutely loved dancing this! Thank you 
Oh 
We do not understand everything about one another, but we are all still a part of this world. We must learn to always love..... We all have a very different story to tell. 
You have your heart mate...
And that love 
Losing your mother/father is a pain that many cannot describe...

Prayers with all my friends and families always. 
Incredible evening at 
I love this 
It’s time to 
 On 
I honestly just want the best for others, especially the kids I've come to know through 
The dreamy 
Thanks for the love, 
Happy birthday to my amazing brother deatonbell. I love you very much. 
 @ Hudson Theatre 
This thread. Twitter really is wonderful sometimes 
WE 
Be mine - Robyn 
Just saw 
My final 7 weeks at the beloved Diner have begun! I’m ending a couple of days earlier on Jan 9th to headline 
Finally
Time for some holiday with my girl!
Happy trails 
Dear Ben, 

You owe no one an explanation.

Thank you for giving your heart and soul every night on that stage.


Elephants should never be anyone’s trophy. They’re magnificent and important animals, not a bragging right. 

Chicago... it's been real  
Crushing hard on these two beauties who made the trip to ChiTown all the way from NYC to watch me tame a shrew. They sure know how to make a girl feel special. 
May today be the Fridayest Friday that ever Fridayed 
Early stream today!! Streaming 
Terrence McNally is an incredible writer, role model, and one of the greats- donate and get Anastasia rewards xo
Thank you for the Dō !!!@broadwaymike92 
Would you like to see 
Because I feel like posting a 
The Good Cemeterian spends months doing a good deed for complete strangers 
I just talked to Kathryn Gallagher from DWSA at the bar 
Good morning peeps! Hope everyone has an awesome Saturday! Thank you again to everyone that came to the stream last night 
Had a great time playing 
Happy Christmas music blasting day! 
Please continue loving, cheering, laughing, crying, and being present. We feed off of all of it. Thank you! 
Need a new mousepad? We got you covered 
Good luck Gang.....Blackpool here you come! Enjoy every second. 
The pleasure was all ours Julie....what a delightful couple and what a wonderful love story. As the young ones say....
So sorry Kati!....please give her a big hug from me & 
We think 
Inside 
There's always a hug waiting when you're a Loose Woman 
HUGE Twitch Subscribers Crystals giveaway in December!

- 3500 Crystals for the 1st Winner
- 2500 Crystals for the 2nd Winner
- 800 Crystals for the 3rd Winner

Good luck to you all! 
The Looney OPs 
(Team effort with 
Live w/ some Saturday night shenanigans  
Is this the best love song of 2017?
Going Live in 30min or so with Job Simulator VR Office Job. I 
first time i raged and feeling bad about this.
work on myself and lets focus on other tournaments at this year!
proud of my team
omg we go out through the group stage..
proud of my team!
It's amazing ! I just played the Long Tan map, love the audio design of the new rain effects 
 Loved the meme!!
Hang out with Hi-Rez fans, cosplayers & developers! 

Grab exclusive items & chat about the games you 
 Racing was released 20 years ago today in North America! 
Who remembers this 
Congrats my boy 
Great to be back at ‘The Vic’ tonight to cover 
What a piece of art 
Sport gave me my escape,a purpose, the confidence to go prove people wrong along the way who thought I would not amount to much..it made me want to be a winner not just in sport but in life!! 
 so lovely meeting you today 
What a gorgeous word. 
Tom Read Wilson is the only person who always makes me feel bobbish 
more eden blackman on my tv?!?!!! 
Love this one 
So happy you all enjoyed the show tonight!! Loved chatting to 
From the bottom of my 
Awww this means the world!! Don’t wanna let the northern troops down 
Wishing This Amazing man a very Happy Birthday.
Daily Giveaway RT + follow 
I'm so thankful for all my amazing friends that have traveled all the way down this wacky road with me. You guys are the best 
Wow. I didn't see this coming at all. I am humbled and honored to have my peers think of me this way 
 love it bro, keep it coming!!
Good luck to everyone today! 
Skin Luxury and Artistry go hand-in-hand. Thank you Elita Lemoni for all the 
Rip internet. Was a good stream though. 

Thanks to everyone who hung out 
With one hour of sleep. Thank god for 
Look what my amazing girlfriend put together while I was at work! 
I just wanna thank all of the fans, subscribers, followers, basically just anyone whose been there for 
This event has been such a great experience, meeting so many new people and playing on stage in front of so many people, I love every single one of you. We're leaving for the airport soon, expect airport tweets. 
Thanksgiving is a time where people from all around the world come together and be thankful for what life has to offer. Even if you don’t celebrate thanksgiving, from the bottom of our hearts, we are thankful for each and every one of you. Happy thanksgiving 
spent my thanksgiving and birthday with my familia, love you dad mom gma bro 
We put 
Rest in peace Bradley Lowery, such an inspiration to us all 
"Helloooo husband." 
My game. My passion 
Oh boy i'm ready for 
Horrible this rip little fella thoughts go out to his family 
What gives these dads the courage to keep fighting? Their kids 
From gay dad and blogger, Kevin: “If your son asks you to dance, dance with him 
Got to feel bad for 
This picture was taken by a good friend of mine 
Fucking love this! 
Love this boy! 
Ralph, Trigger  
They deserve it 
GG Brazil ! Holy Moly this game is so fucking beautiful and give in my career 10000000 hearts attack!!!! Someday we will back 
 days like these 
Siyamthanda your heart is so good 
Very proud & humbled to be signing with 
BIG NEWS!

You can Pre Order/Pre Save our debut album 'Tales From The Backseat' at midnight tomorrow night! We can't wait to share this record with you 
 has been nominated in the UK Festival Awards!! 
Can’t wait the see this incredible lady on Oct 13th 
Tb to the best trip of my life
Braintree lights
It was lovely meeting the incredible @tracyleanneofficial at Southend lights tonight, had such a great time
Hey you may have noticed I've been away from social media lately. I'll explain more soon, but just wanted to say I miss you guys 
Love you guys 
On my way to Newcastle O2 Academy, supporting Union J tonight! Tickets: 
Rest in peace Vanessa 
Was nice to meet you guys 
ASPEN coat!!! But which colour? I love them all!! From 
Strength to all my sisters coming forward... I feel you 
I'm actually in love with Giovanni after that 
Thanks to everyone for sharing about the puppy who went missing on Friday - great news!! A very wet Murphy has managed home to find his own way home this morning !!!!! 
How smokin' hot does 
Incredible night at 
I’m in over my head. 
 We’re putting fuel to the fire. 
Tues 10/10 ULTIMATE JAM NIGHT will raise money for the University Medical Center Las Vegas! Please show your support & join us! 
 any chance of sharing this tweet to help my friend & his family raise money to give the best possible Christmas present to Jack 
Big 
This is why we have Minion Day at 
Providing entertainment for 'UMC Strong' luncheon today. 
Magical morning performing for kids at 
Tonight’s the night! Starred in a lifetime movie that premiers tonight at 8pm! Got to shoot this one in the snowy streets of Buffalo! 
Newest commercial just started airing 
Best photo bomb ever!!
Absolutely!! 
Good times with me dear Nico, Vale & 
Thanks so much for getting involved 
Late decision today to go see 
Missing my sweet little heart-to-hearts with baby Margaret 
Had so much fun with these 3 last night!! 
This sums it all up for me. I hope I can document in photographs what Lammo can in words. My year with IDLES has been the fucking best.
So who has been winning the 
 amazing showing of the snowman the live orchestra were beautiful and the choir boy breathtaking brought a tear to my eye 
Minneapolis/St. Paul/Minnnesota! We are playing the gorgeous new Palace Theater and it's almost sold out! Come out! 
Michigan u were so wonderful to us! Chicago tonight ! Can't wait !!! 
Toronto , ......literally like Elio saying goodbye to Oliver. We gonna miss you! What an incredible evening 
Happy Birthday to our girl with the Golden Heart,  Sparkling Mind and Searching Soul...  We love you Emmy!!! 
THIS SUNDAY 

Back 
Where our graduate students have their matriculation ceremonies to become official members of the university, and also their graduation ceremonies. 
May Allah restore her and grant her shifa! Ameen! 
So so honoured, thank you! 
When it comes to picking our fave spot in Coventry, we really are spoilt for choice! 

However, for it's beauty, symbolism and amazing relationship with the University, it has to be 
Coventry is synonymous with strength, community, peace, reconciliation and creativity. This is a city that can overcome the fiercest of challenges and build something truly special for the future. 
 the support 
This dazzling spectacle is coming to Bath 
Brilliantly passionate evening tonight 
Hello Bath! 
Amazing poinsettia door jewellery - now in! Made in Bath 
Queen and Princess 
Our thoughts and support are with those at 
 this Saturday to raise money for the 
The incredible 
You were sorely missed! 
What an amazing group of women! Thank you all for your generosity, ingenuity and support. Together we will change the world 
 live 
Ours and 
My tribe!
Such a special moment captured - little Thomas is such a dote 
Mutual love 
Low on 
My little brother is the funniest person I know, and I could not fathom a life without him....so please REGISTER & RETWEET, his donor may be on your timeline!!!
Beautiful evening 
Hello from Gwyn 
Will Linda say yes... Again??? 
I hope you enjoy Hearsay30 as much as I did making it for you all. 
I am as excited about this album as I was first time round 30 years ago.


Order a signed copy of Hearsay30 on CD at 
Thank you Porgie 
Good morning family! Thanks to all who tuned last night 
10 minutes to go!
Bez’s room’s too far away for a Bezzie selfie tonight  
Glitter on your Unicorn 
I’ve just watched 
Couples play for $20 tonight starting at 6pm! Come for 
Fingers crossed for 
Well done Aimee, really pleased for you! Absolutely 
No child should have to face the horrors of war alone. Donate now to support children and their families after war has ripped their lives apart. 
That feeling when you see your parents for the first time in 4 years 
So many thanks to 
He did a clinic with the Hong Kong Blind Sports Federation in Afternoon 
What a week I’m having 
What Saturday Afternoon’s we’re made for. 
Stunning wreath by the very talented 
How can we ever thank our 3 fabulous sponsors enough! Tickets available 
Hard to explain how chuffed I am to work alongside the phenomenal 
Not quite 
You can torture us endlessly 
but you can't take our  dignity 

You can destroy our property 
but we don't give up easily 

You can spread your lies 
and beat us to the ground 

But our smile remains 
We will fight peacefully , with honour 
Till our freedom is found!
Stay strong Vegas. 
 no place in Zante I'll miss more 
Darren & Dave hopeful dream wedding in Ballarat-We're honoured they'd choose SovHill as the venue
Ahh, a (non stuffed) doggie in a museum. I 
 For your 
Our hearts were full as we were joined by Health Minister, Hon. Dr. Chris Tufton as we viewed the first Cardiac surgery in the Heart Centre at the Bustamante Hospital for Children 
This Thursday we throwback to last few weeks here at 338! 
3 Days To Go!


The 2018 programme here at 338 is getting better and better by the day!


ZOO love 
Happy anniversary to my favourite 
A big thank you to all the females out there who are playing the game 
HUMBLED 
Feeling very lucky to have this opportunity to play along side legends of the game 
You can’t teach heart,  wait an see 
The man never fails to impress
Happy thanksgiving to everyone
I’M SO EXCITED TO BE IN THE MACYS THANKSGIVING DAY PARADE TODAY!! You can watch it out on NBC
 this
A massive thank you to 
! We're rollin' through 
Rt66Chevy had the pleasure of donating to the 
One Harry got engaged today and now here’s hoping for two?? 
Always awesome to meet the fans. Thanks Texas and 
Hey guys. My friends are helping those affected by the fires in CA. Join in with these caring hearts 
I’m literally obsessed with everyone in this picture. The sisterhood is strong y’all 
Well, 
Support your local retailers - shop small this season! 
Wow, someone caught the 
All you need is (faux) fur 
Jay-Z and Dean Baquet, in Conversation 
RIP Embers, the downtown Portland gay bar/drag show/dancing mecca for 48 years! You'll live forever in Portland hearts. 
You're so welcome ladies! Love y'all and ball out this year too! 
this is mad! 10,000,000 streams on The Best You Had. thank you everybody, I have news on the album very very soon 
I’m only making one version of the album. but perhaps there’ll be bonus tracks eventually 
Our favourite Nav Lada (Nine Strand) Necklace 
Have you stopped by to enter to win tickets to the 
It’s bigger than football I’ll still love these boys forever
Thanks for all of the love on Higher 
It’s Here!!! Higher Feat 
Things I love. 
Remembering George Harrison, who died 16 years ago today. Harrison was a beautiful human with a big soul and an even bigger heart. "Life goes on within you and without you." 
Mary Brown’s is honoured to donate $25,000 toward building a brand new facility for 
 Yamaha Drums Show 
 on our 
Gotta love a selfie 
A turkeyless Thanksgiving, hugging cows, piggy dreams and more at the most magical place on earth 
Back on stage with my favorite, the legend 
Thankful for the love: My plus-size business cards from 
Slowly starting to plan and book some adventures with 
Happy Anniversary to the two greatest people on the planet. I love you infinitely
Well, that’s a wrap for this season of 
It's alright, and it's ok, we're all good, we're with homies. Any problems, you can call us, it's all love, it's all love. 
Red is the go to color this season 
I got a spare ticket for 
Rehearsing for this weekend’s Bernstein “Serenade” with the 
One Of My Biggest Highs This Year! Thank You 
Absolutely LOVE this 
Meghan and Harry!! The best news 
Is all about 
 Thank you, thank you... my cats, who always got along but were fighting after one mistook my husband stepping on their tail as each other, are now FINALLY starting to calm down & get along again. 24° in, and it really works!! 
Retweet if the smallest creature in your life (aka your cat) takes up the most room in your 
*Twitter poll*

Cats show 
We're not the only ones crying, right? 
We have lots of gorgeous cats waiting to meet you at our Hope cattery.... 
 thank you to today’s audience for giving so generously for 
catching up just now&thinking just that about you wonderful one! RIGHT BACK ATCHYA LADY. A privilege to work with you Pinar 
This Knitted versión of Gris as a ballerina is adorable thank you 
I’ve been in love with them for years 
It was an absolute pleasure. Lovely to see so many fellow northerners today 
I’m absolutely in pieces. I couldn’t have asked for it to come out better. I hope you get to see it 
Absolutely amazing docu !!! What a guy !!! I now wanna see the musical "There's something about Jamie " as if he now has a huge smash hit musical based on him !!! Yes Jamie !!! 
Our Vet Sophie is busy having cuddles with Smudge the 
Captain is looking very cheeky in this one! 
Meet Dave! A 
Our receptionist Jenny has been busy feeding all of the staff dogs! Poppy, Odie and Captain wont leave her alone now! 
Handsome little Timo came in to be castrated!


Summarises what will be heard in parliament on Tuesday. Please support and get behind 
THANK YOU MANCHESTER 
Big
Had the best time @ 
 amazing pics x x x
Yasss! Keep it going guys.  
We are with you. 


Excited for everyone!  
Morning everyone!   Another gorgeous sunrise across Warwickshire today 
Thank you so much! We’d love to put a LEAF watch in our next lookbook 
Hello lovely Londoners
 So much love for these guys. 
Go donate on the link in the tweet below. 
It has been an amazing day with so much support 
We would just like to say a BIG thank you again to everyone who got involved in yesterday's 
Amazing stats here in the UK. Thank you everyone 
Happy birthday to one of the most underrated illustrators 
Album covers for 
Did you know that if you text 07725 909090 when you are feeling really depressed, down or not yourself, a crisis counsellor will text.It's a service run by 
Big St Basils love to all the people who took part in the Big Brum Sleepout 
It's Sunday morning which means one thing - it's 
Welcome to the family, Umberto 
World AIDS Day at 
This is heart warming 
The brilliant 
So very proud of the most hardworking and dedicated person I know 
Legend 
Mummy... It won't ever be enough but I just want to say thanks, a really big thank you 
Great to welcome 
Quite possibly my biggest 
We just love 
This is a cause very close to our hearts - saving Sumatran 
So pleased for 
Love the smiles on these kids faces 
DUMBO 
 is what keeps us reaching. Love is the brand America. 
Thank you to the amazing 
This evenings bounty from the backyard 
Reading Is It Just Me by 
Wooo s/o to the 
This little fellow arrived yesterday morning 
We just love this filly 
And we're on top here too! 
We celebrate all types of women because all are beautiful 
These are that days we live for!
Cara and her crew. She wears custom JASONGRECH.

 There is so much to see and do in this awesome city! Check out what the winners of the Pockets of Awesome... 
Get to know our Canadian para-athletes
Happy 3rd Anniversary to the love of my life, my wife, my bubby 
Tap 
Home love it 
Celebrating smashing my Equine Psychotherapy Institute practical exams! Has been an amazing journey 
Today Bello Sole went to his new home with Caroline Russell. Since coming to us from 
Gingernuts' update/Jerry continues to make progress, comfortable & cast removed this morn for post-op X-rays. Screws are in place & importantly he is in no pain! Incisions are sealed, limb heavily bandaged - thank you everyone for loving this boy so much! 
What a champion! 29 and going strong. 
Great day out 
Sydney! I'm coming home to headline 
Fenwicks window! 
Wade came back to LeBron! 
  please help if you can 
Victor, a student 
"I 
Ireland's Late Late Toy Show surprise!  I'll never grow out of loving this show. Christmas season begins when the toy show has aired !!! 
Best fan gift - Alpaca socks!! Feet are toasty toasty ! Thank you 
Looks a quality bottle love to add to our collection 
We are 30 today! 
Hands of our beloved 
It’s hard to say goodbye to someone. So I wrote a book about it. 
What a cool thing to do! Great job everyone. Always do what you can do to help others. 
Thank you to all the families that came out today. Thanks for all then donations to 
What a great time!!!! 
Thanks everyone for the amazing time. 
happy birthday to my favorite character Bree 
Right boys and girls: 

Great jewelry  i like 
“Are you willing to learn something about yourself, through the story, while the camera is rolling?” Roy London 
Check out our latest music video courtesy of Blueberry River First Nations youth! 
N'we Jinan Artists - "Dreamchild" is now available on iTunes! Go download it! 
Our kids have THE BEST principal!!  Doherty 
Canadian entrance like a boss lady!!! 
How sweet are these kids backpacks! Which is your fav? RT for 
I couldn’t dream of having a better, more supportive team of brothers and coaching staff. Thank you WBHS
Powerful story by Martha Troian- who is teaching her son about his grandmother & the legacy of residential schools. Thank you for sharing 
RT & follow to 
Southern University .. Thank you for everything you’ve taught me and thank you for allowing me to Lead your jaguars and play this game at the next level its been a hell of a ride im forever grateful
 is a beautiful gift: moves hearts & opens minds
Proud & blessed to announce my commitment to further my education and play division 1 basketball at University of South Dakota 
many of the men that i call brothers, grew into the fathers that we never had. 

i'm grateful to be witness to these recreation stories.


Look at those stats!!! Great work tonight ladies 
Great hard fought victory over east ridge tonight girls!!! Thank you seniors
GAME DAY!
Section 
Rest easy Adam 
Give a big like to our 
Pops 
God bless this woman. Rescue a dog, the reward is forever impactful. ...Warning: tear jerking. 
My appreciation for him is deep .. my little big brother 
Wanted to be a Raider this  whole time I was deciding where I was gonna go after my release. 
 happy birthday B 
Had a great time Monday @ Career Day @ my alma mater Central HS! Thank you for the invite, 
Love you broham 
Beautiful day in Texas 
Thank you everyone for the birthday wishes!! 
Gonna do what we can to help out all of those affected. Please RT and come out to support when we go live! Thanks
One of the best perks of my new job, I get to work from home at times. 
I'm kind of super obsessed and in love with my new emote!!  Thank you 
Pleased to announce 
Thx.. 
"bullying" up now 
happy thanksgiving to the people i should thank the most 
Raymond McIntyre (1879 - 1933) 'Ruth' 1913 
Our brand new 2017/2018 committee 
A massive thanks to all the home crowd who showed up to support our girls today, MMUC family 
12 hour netball successfully completed! Grateful for all the support today, thank you everyone 
Well wishes my friend! You are one tough cookie!! 
So happy to know and 
There's still time this 
Thankyou everybody at 
Great day at the 
You guys are the best!!! Posting a snapfam giveaway tonight 
You guys can pick my next video! Give me your ideas below and I’ll poll my 4 favourites. 
Rhylee Passfield spent 50 hours making this 
Loving this stunning Rey art by 
"I am vengeance. I am night. I AM BATPUG!" 
Thank you for sharing, 
Was absolutely fantastic xx everyone had a wonderful time and thank you to everyone who worked so hard, amazing job xx 
We're kicking off the holiday season with one of our favorite events of the year, handing out gifts at 
 Coffee Date 
Sounds like a perfect reward to me!! Enjoy!! 
Zac Posen at 
Opening night 
Sometimes you get the chance to reconnect with a dear friend after almost a decade & it absolutely fills your soul with joy! 
So looking forward to this! Schumann F major trio 
LOVE this 
Such a lovely night with 2 of my favourite ladies last night 
Enjoy! 
my debut double album with the English Chamber Orchestra is available to pre-order from Presto Classical 
Chaps, follow me! 
Luv me bae 
Liverpool is full of amazing bloggers, so we took a look at our top 9 that you NEED to be following 
We cannot thank you all enough for your kind words and constant support 
I'm one of the 
Love is in the air! 
Sibongile Mkhabela, one of the student leaders who led the 1976 
Yesterday 

.
.
.
Right now I am in Philadelphia safe from Hurricane Irma. Unfortunately, many of my… 
Forever in my heart 
You won’t find a more enthusiastic or knowledgeable guide on the planet 
 giving me all the feelings all the time. much love. 
I love Before I Cave In 
There's no 'total eclipse' in my heart
 meeting you was the highlight of 
Family reunion 
It's finally December!
Time to watch the Pinky & The Brain Christmas special again! 
AHHH THE TWO PEOPLE I ADMIRE 
 It's coming back to the 
LOVING all the country stars at this years 
I'M SO EXCITED!!!!!!! Don't forget to watch my movie, "Road Less Traveled," on 
I CANT BELIEVE THIS IS HAPPENING. Watch my movie, "Road Less Traveled," on 
Today and always, we’re ever thankful for all the men and women who served our country. 
The power of sport 
I Couldn’t wait until it was my time to be in that Black and Gold, my time came and flew by! The bonds and friendships will never be broken & these 4 years set me up to be ready for anything life throws at me, Forever a WILDCAT
This is what winning the 
It's very weird for me to believe I have a child... a KID. I'm a mom. A real MOM 
Thanks to our home 
Eagle Rock locals, if you enjoy great food and Jazz 
Sad news...  Thank you Bob Barry for the beautiful memory 
I love this man even though he made me mad sometimes. He always push me hard everyday.Sorry we didn’t get another ring this year, sorry that the season didn’t go as plan but thanks for showing me how to get over adversity and helping me become a better player and man coachrod
Montrealers with a passion for 
It's World Kindness Day! Help spread the peace of mind Edgar the Umbrella Bear offers with 1Password - pass it on! 
2-foot-long pizza from 
We got one more sold out show w 
Look at that! Edmonton you were nice tn. Thx 
 to see 
Happiest day of my life yesterday saying yes to my soulmate
She said yes!!! So thrilled to be engaged to my soulmate!!! 
Thank you guys for having me. I had So much fun! fofo5star 
This this this. 
Congrats dawg 
"Come Check Out The GAC Lady Spartans -vs-Collins Hill at Wesleyan on Saturday Dec. 2nd at 4:00 p.m. 
Thank you for having me
"Come Check Out GAC Lady Spartans -vs-McEachern Indians on Tuesday, November 28th at 6:00 p.m. The GAC Long Forum WBB Committed Conferences Represented ACC, CAA, IVY LEAGUE, SEC, SOCON, USA" 
Support the dreamers and makers this holiday season while you show your people (+ yourself!) some 
Central Park - never fails to make me want to get out and run 
So grateful that 
Thank you, from the bottom of my heart, Indy 
Cooler weather is on the way next week so getting these 
Glory, glory 
Print this, read this, laminate this, & 
Support, share, retweet ,
 thank u guys 
Too much sauce 
Lil poser 
 Beta Club's Movie Night was such a big hit! We 
You did it!! Take You Home just hit 200K. Let's keep it climbing 
We're very proud to have the 
Awwww....my team is so sweet!  
 the active thinking in math being focused on at 
I remember when President Martin was a 
The moment you surprise you're niece after not seeing her for 2months! 
(ESOL + DLI) Math = 
It's a brag tag celebration 
My Minnie was the sweetest thing out on Halloween. All treats, no tricks. 
LGBT youth are 3 times more likely to commit suicide.  It is imperative to create a safe environment where all kids thrive.  Let 
Gooo on gal 
Super duper excited to get to Aus with these girls 
What an amazing ride with an amazing bunch of people! 
Gr8 win BTW JV boys. Keep up the hustle. 
Poetic Justice @ BTW/ Our Spelman partners 
BTW Partners are the BEST! They 
Jamaica for Christmas with 
Cummins v Broad ...
Loved the show 
Fall in love with 
Thankful for you! 
Over a MILLION 
it’s that time again... take 20% off everything w/ code TURKEY20
Please join us in wishing a very Happy Birthday to Rusty -  
Always love sharing insight into our process here. Great tips from some of our friends, too! Thanks 
Today we remember all those lost in the Ghost Ship fire. Here’s a gathering of links to work by some of the victims (and survivors), compiled last year by 
GOODLUCK TOMORROW YELS!!! 
Well hello gorgeous  
You certainly will carn’t wait 
Oi! Oi! Gogglers. Huge thanks 4 watching last night 4.3mill viewers and 23% share 
 we are so thankful for y'all!!!!
It’s a Netflix (Stranger Things) and chill kinda night with my lady love. 
Hope you are all enjoying the episode. I’m at an event and can’t live tweet tonight but there in spirit. 
I absolutely love this! For those of you who are Tom Baker fans, you’ll appreciate it. 
Miss you already, New York! 
Another absolute corker from 
Waltzed our hearts out. Now we need your 
Our favourite bromance.
Do we think the heart was deliberate? 
One dance down, one to go! Vote at 
 supporters, we need ALL your votes tonight at 8/7c! 1-800-868-3404 or 
We've come 500 miles! Please keep them dancing!! 
Day has arrived where me and the boys get to see the lad 
Hey friends 
Ahhhhh guyssssss!!! 
Together we make the dopest team! Love every one of you! 
Our new hoodies are now in stock. Grab yours now to stay warm this winter! Thank you for your support 
Have you preordered our new merch yet? Last few tshirts remaining so grab one whilst you can! 
No stopping any of us now. Im so glad people got to hear children showing dignity and respect for the residents 
Dec My Zimmer Christmas Special! Great to see school children getting involved with our falls prevention initiatives! 
So proud of Morgan & Adam.... so compassionate and caring... brings tears to my eyes . Our Intergeneration Initiative  is touching so many  peoples hearts 
 "awesome" is the only word I can say at this moment. My tears belong to the masterpiece you are playing in Barcelona, thanks! 
Thank you London.  That meant so much. 
I just googled 
LAST HOURS TO BUY LAST EXISTENCES OF OUR MERCH ON SALE. 2 SHARK TEES LEFT. WE WILL NEVER RE-MAKE EM THESE DESIGNS
New Zealand vlog with this crew now up on m YT channel! 
Goal is to get 100k subscribers on Youtube before Christmas. Huge giveaway if this happens!!! Please subscribe to 
 were fucking amazing tonight. 
Thank you for such an awesome night. 
MUCH LOVE 
There is always a solution. If you know someone with depression please reach out. So grateful to be alive today 
Loving the RECLINING seats at 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!!! 
You are adorable 
 this was a surprise birthday gift even tho my birthday passed I absolutely love this 
What a great friend you are 
It's been so much fun seeing our 
We love them vows. Thank you for sharing them, 
What a creepy collection you have there, 

40% Off 
Brunch 
International Coffee Day 
Love the 
Oh how I love this cover! Have you got yours? 
We all need kindred spirits like Anne! 
So much epic post today, This is one of the best, BIG UPZ S/O to 
definitely a bittersweet day, but dane & I wanted to leave you on a good note with a song that means a lot to both of us. I am forever grateful for all the lives touched by this project & the new friends I’ve made along the way.  The music is forever, I hope you hold onto it 
Feeling the M Street 
All the smiling faces 
Love my 
Winter came early & winter wear is needed now more than ever. Drop boxes located 
Well, goodnight pals and sending love and strength to everyone  
Lastly - FAO EVERYONE most importantly look after, listen to and raise up the voices of queer folk, people of colour, trans and non-binary people, poor people, people with mental health issues and people with disabilities around you 
Also we're all learning and growing together this is by no means suggesting that I know everything because I do not at all because the the privileges I hold. If anyone has anything to add to this list pls go for it 
4 weeks, 3 days, 2 many reasons to not be a part of the #1 
A fab, sold-out 
Happy Birthday Pickles & Peas!
You're a year old, today. Grateful for the 
Happy Birthday Pickles & Peas!
You're a year old! Thank you for the 
Thx to 
T€AM ROK€T 
Just want to thank everyone who has been supportive of me lately. Thank you for helping build my life back together, slowly 
 next year:)
Ayo! 
It was SO good seeing you!!!! 
These are sick lance!!! 
Happy bday to my best friend! 
THIS IS US 

Fight of the night was 
Oh my lord! Somebody in California please adopt this little pup! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Thankful for so much especially these two. 
Miss you guys 
miss my bff!! see you dec 11 
Thank you to everybody who wished me a happy birthday 
God gives his hardest battles to his strongest soldiers
Thanks Lo Lo 
Stoked for you, 
To much contemplation 
Adults need to build resilience too 
That’s how ima be to that movin’ on mix lol 
Thanks hun!!
Cali & her Cali Girls bringing 
yeah bae yeah
hi music, i love you 
December 1st means 
Welcome Mister 
 is out now! 
Ok i fucking love this and i fucking love you both 
We're loving this!  Can't wait to have you here on 1/25!  
Prince Josh, our amazing boy would be 17 tomorrow, what an awesome legacy he has left helping so many others 
Guiding light
One for the books!
FUCK YEAH!!! NUMBER 1 ON PROGRESSIVE HOUSE MY TRACK "SUNDAY TRIP" 
BUY IT ON THE LINK ON MY BIO!

Thanks 
This has forever changed Caesars for me 
 is coming soon 
Sending our thoughts and condolences to the friends and family of Justin "Juice" Lee. 
What a night vief_bxl 
One reason we 
 plays his music to his children for the first time
Can’t wait to see you all at 
DC WHO CREW: For anyone in DC who had trouble getting their VIP Packages yesterday, check the website now! There’s a separate VIP link for that show now up and running 
VIP/Meet & Greet Package pre-sale tickets are available NOW for the final leg of the Party In The Valley Tour! Come hang w/ me at the show, get exclusive merch bundles, and an early-entry ticket! Details/tickets on my website! DON’T MISS OUT!
 is playing in Boston the day after my birthday I am BLESSED 
Thanks for scheduling another Denver leg with your extended tour dates! Can’t wait to see you again! 
 Travel but it's good to be home and kick back @alexander_keiths such a lovely place! 
As a community we have to work to end the isolation, stigma and transmission of HIV & AIDS. The bridge will be red tonight for 
Happy 1 year anniversary to our beer buds, 
Councilmembers 
Winnie is missing. Please help us find her. Owner is devastated. 
Witnessed a proposal here in Hong Kong. 
Heard my baby's heartbeat again today. What a feeling! 
Happy Florida DECA Day! We are so thankful to be a part of an outstanding association. Thank you state officers for everything you do 
Timmy, our mini, is unbearably cute! Filled w a peanutty organic PB center & coated in dark chocolate-he's his own unique delicious self.#
We’re in 
Watch an emotional Selena Gomez accept her Woman of the Year award 
Throwing it back to Halloween with the 
Mitchell Bobcats 
Cyber Monday and Giving Tuesday to support BBBS 
In celebration of 
FLL Robotics Tournament kickoff! Love the dancing coaches
On a PE field trip but the students are debating which forms of energy are demonstrated the most! 
 Our and. Gonzalez is a super star! I'm so thankful to have been able to keep her on staff, as she pursued her dream to teach! 
The 72nd Annual Joint Conference & Board of Director's Meeting is underway! Thank you 4 your leadership & work on behalf of our children 
FLOOD:If you had to compare your overall body of work to one album, what would it be?

Sage: I’ll just go with my first thing that comes to mind: Money Mark’s first album, Mark’s Keyboard Repair.....thanks Sage
 in paradise. I 
CCPS 5 K-Such a great time to bond with our kiddos!
Happy Thanksgiving from our classroom to yours! Enjoying our Thanksgiving feast!!! 
Loved connecting with each of you and thanks to 
Nothing like starting off the year with a good book! Thank you Mrs. Rachlin for sharing your 
Diving on the floor to keep play alive... then coming up to get the oboard &finish.  Great job aztecs!  I loved the fight in our team.  
Happy Founder’s Day to the Bruhz! Special shoutout to my favorite Bruh 
Thanks for sharing the 
Letters from 3rd graders who are participating in a kindness challenge... THIS. MADE. MY. DAY!!! (Actually my year)! 
Love this!! 
Kind kids all around!!
Love our kind kids!! 
Lots of smiles today at Music Session with Esther! He got to play "Guitar" - he's a natural! He 
Congrats Jay!
Congrats sis!!! Miss you 
Congrats Jayden! 
congratulations 
Prepping for our PTO Book Fair!  We 
thank you so much! i love and appreciate you babe 
I have the best girlfriend ever. 
thanks bud 
THANKS ROOPER CYAN 
THANKS PAL 
Thankful for our Terrier sisters 
In honor of everyone who has served our nation, Happy Veterans Day! Thank you for your service. 
Let's go Georgia!! 
The running community is a beautiful thing. 
We are so close! Just a few more donations will help us reach our  
...and finally.

PLEASE follow us across all of our social channels.


Come and discuss of the future of 
Thrilled to be in such wonderful company of advisers with 
What a great way to show all our 
A day of service was a blast today! 
Our fifth grade koalas are 
Great job by all of our 
“The vibrancy of relationships runs through the DNA of Austin.” I’m 
 5th graders participated in 
 student “I got a tie from my brother”. Me, “oh who’s your brother?” Student said, “all of them”. 
Massive queue outside the 
Good luck to Fringe! Programmer 
At Kodak Hall today for a Nutcracker preview! Tickets and info: 
Great visit today 
SElf-Care & SELf-compassion
 and our gift to you. Thx 
We love that there has been at least two sessions that included a few minutes of 
Our amazing neighbors and the only authentic NYC pie in the area! 
 for our lacrosse family! 
 would like to give a huge thank you to ALL of our friends! 
Thanks for all the love at today's 
She certainly IS precious, 
We're playing at 
The community support for the good work of 
If anyone’s interested in what I’m listening to it’s 
Who will you be cheering for on Sunday?

Over 30 data scientists, programmers, coders, engineers have RSVPd to 
December 8 show at the 
We are Peacemakers 
excited for NYE w 
Nothing beats the sound and feel of records on vinyl 
NON. STOP. ROCK. 
Happy birthday Ollie! You're a lil legend. 
Got your tix to our West Coast Winter Tour yet? 
We had an amazing time at 
Today I said goodbye 
Happy Thanksgiving! Be thankful. Be kind. Be light. Be love. 
Happy Thanksgiving from our 
My guests were excellent - all down to them! Loved it 
R.I.P. to the Great Legendary 
Epic night in the Area! Huge Thank You to KG & TNT 
A little bit of good goes a long way 
PLAYLIST UPDATE ALERT! 
New tracks from 
We are thankful for all the good things in life! 
 thanks for putting on an amazing show!!!! 
Coming back home to Hattiesburg is always a special treat 
You are the kindest! Thank you Colton 
Just had rehearsal for Monday! I’m so beyond excited! I hope you guys r too bcuz you guys picked my song this week
“I feel like those songs are just a mishmash of bumper stickers you might see.” Falling more in love with my husband 
Congratulations to my favorite musical couple & talented jazz group 
The Peppermint Club. TONIGHT. Free with RSVP to: 1114JanelleKroll@peppermintclub.com 
How do u know me better than myself... 
Sending 
 FASTASTIC SEGMENT on 
Psssst...pass it around:


Bleep Bloop! That's robo-talk for happy 
Tomorrow! 9-11am Tune In 
 back 2nite w/Kristen Wiig! On top of that, we have a very special surprise. Beware spoilers, watch live. Love, Will 
So incredibly proud!! You so deserve all this and more baby!! 
Success !!! Another amazing 
And the award for best welcoming Party at an airport goes to NEW ZEALND! This was amazing! Thank you, U beautiful Kiwi’s 
Personal share and PSA from 
Finally back in Hawaii 
Another wonderful 
The Denver 
I had to use Google Translate, but it appears you have found our Tech Ladies playlist. Enjoy!! 
Today is full of heavy news so take a break + watch 
Nice! RT 
Welcome December! 11 countries in 1 month! Last finish the year with loooots of love 
Classy start to the 
So much love at Warung, THANK YOU!  
Gave mama doc a second chance to relive her college Saturday’s at Penn State and it was the best decision I ever made. One final hug walking into Beaver Stadium today with the best! 
I'm legit excited about 
I can even remember the name of the lady I first looked after as a student 
Fascinating German research paper that concludes, “Hence, dancing constitutes a promising candidate in counteracting the age-related decline in physical and mental abilities.” We 
Sounds wonderful! Enjoy! Look forward to hearing all about it and getting some tips 
Not naming names, but our two members aged 70+ are an inspiration with their beautiful dancing, youthful looks and attitudes. Always struck by how lucky we are to do this! 
Cenita juntos 
Tess literally not listening to a word Craig or anyone else is saying 
MID SEASON SALE 
Absolutely 
This one is 
this beautiful book 
Give the gift of reading.  It’s one of the most marvellous adventures that anyone can have 
A gem of a book 
Wear your hat with pride and be yourself 
JUMPROV TOMORROW COME WATCH US. THANKS. 
3rd good thing: some superb feedback from a family highlighting the compassion, skills and tenderness of staff, nurses, doctors and cleaning staff mentioned. That’s what it’s all about!! 
Double tap 
The Heart Center is officially a 
With my lovely sister 
Pamper Time 
A little bit of 
Delighted to say that I'll be joined by Choice Music Prize 2017 winners 
I dreamed about seeing The Police.
Irish author Paul Lynch picks Message in a Bottle to kick off 
I'll be chatting to The Song Machine author & 
Silver for 
Love our 
We belong to Glasgow! 
The Vaselines play the CCA on Sat 18th Nov! 
'Love of country must spring from willing 
getting many reports of peeps hearing my songs in 
Taylor and Ed reunited on stage last night for an amazing performance 
We laughed, we cried! 
The best surprise - Daddy's home for Christmas 
Chrrs Hobart for singin ur lil lungs out 
SYDNEY I 
The most wonderous 
What a treat! to come in for a shift 
You are listening to 
Massive congratulations 
Still in love w 
I  
Words cannot describe the fullness of my 
Die Stimme, simply the best. 
, finish off the week in the most perfect way! A unique mix of musical and cultural styles all, wrapped up in her velvet voice 
8 Trees.

9 Feet Tall.

750 Glass Ornaments. 

1,500 Tree Lights.

The Liberty Hotel has installed eight fully decorated upside down Christmas trees suspended from its 90 foot rotunda ceiling for the holiday season.


Boston is beautiful in December. 
Empowering women to achieve economic independence by providing a network of support, professional attire, & the development tools to help women thrive in work & in life.

The Pru is red & white tonight for Dress For Success. 


Another fantastic Q Bake Off toady in Cork for 
Out with my 
Really proud of the boys 
What an amazing concert this evening! Well done to 
Messages like this mean the world when they come from people like you too. Proud to call you both friends 
Proud and honoured to be apart of this 
Busy, sunny & fun day 
Tequila, tacos and tanning - take us back! 
Tulum has delivered! 
Classic French opera cake 
Honoured to win my 11th allstar at the weekend. Especially delighted for my two teammates 
All Ireland day.. What the year of football is all about 
What a day!!! Connacht senior club title number 16 with a brillant bunch of people 
 2 years ago something very special happened. 
In memory of the great Tony Fenton. Always loved. Always missed. 
Thanks for playing There Goes the Fear. 
Can't wait for our Semi-Final tonight vs the hosts NZ! Thanks so much for all the messages of support. Very proud to have received my 50th 
Now that's what you call a true ballin and scholarin (mc)BABE! Proud of you 
 Recruiting in the state of Tennessse. There is some big time talent here y’all 
It's not just our most recent graduates we are celebrating this 
Texas Tech, you’re just full of surprises aren’t you?! 
 all the hard work paid off! So proud of the kids 
Thank you!!!
Brave little Grace Duffin has Spina Bifida and has undergone extensive surgery to straighten her legs.. stay strong little angel 
Tradition is no excuse for cruelty.

 on 
Little cousins out there supporting my brothers and I.
We've done it! Just named UK's Best Heritage Attraction at the BTAs! Thank you to everyone who voted for us 
Belfast couple Stephen and William just got engaged!!
Now let’s make sure they can get married! 
Fantastic groups yesterday for a full 5 
Margaret Rudkin's 
Home is where the 
Lots of fun at the 
Round 4… I love my brothers 
Great night singing at the Big Issue 
A pleasure and an honour to sing for 
The full 
Sway to 
More Focused Than Ever 
Welcome back 
When everything seems so utterly ghastly, let's put quiet people on the Forever Internet who should own a place there without having to be controversial, self promoting, famous, or in trouble. Here's someone just beautiful and happy. 
Happy birthday to the oldest 5 year old that i know
Got my head in the game heading to the 2017 NORCECA Congress in Costa Rica. (But my 
You were such a huge influence on me! Thank you for being such a great coach and a great human being. 
When little kids dress up as your brother for Halloween
Today marks 50 years since the world’s first ever human heart transplant. What better way to mark this milestone by joining the organ donation register 
 this feature from 
In a Christmas act of kindness and a pledge to bring 
VOTE FOR US in 
“It is not our customers who are screaming to be served digitally, but it is us preparing ourselves to answer the needs of our future customers” 
The secret is out! It is official the 2018 
Last 2 shows today 
Not bad for a first rehearsal! 
This is worth the watch. Be You. Be Proud. Always. Thank you mom. 
Poor Sid is very stressed in kennels and he needs to move to a quieter environment when he can take time to destress. Foster or smaller rescue would be great, know anyone? All info and enquiries 
 ahhhh love this short video. The Deri Stores run by generations and serving generations 
Just part of the Egale Team 
Love this little one, she may be small but she has the 
this little girl! Loveliest nature and temperament .. gyr x peri 
Newsletter day! 
Big congratulations to our tour guide Neil Munro on his wedding to Maria yesterday! 
Not saying we're into booking this kinda thing...but it's pretty awesome of 
Glad you like it, Heather! This cup was designed to celebrate those who uplift and embody goodness in their communities. 
In three weeks we'll be tabling 
There's still tickets left for the 16th of December when we'll be playing with Skerryvore and Inyal in Forfar: 

TWO DAYS from the voting deadline for the SCOTS TRAD MUSIC AWARDS
If you haven't voted yet for Up and Coming Artist of the Year at the Scottish Trad Awards, here's the link: 
Every time I listen to 
We were just reminded how good Shaqdi is with a new studio video. Charmingly understated and ozzing talent! 
Irrational Fear #23 : When you hit that 4th sneeze and you check to see if your 
Gorgeous photo Jayne! 
Oh! I've got 
Performance snippet: “Brand New” by 
Listen! 
Massive thank you to everyone who showed their support for 
An absolute privilege to be a small part of the 
So incredibly proud of this guy! What an achievement and so well deserved. Instrumentalist of the Year at the 
Drive through snow covered hills to Huddersfield took my breath away then 
Addicted to bagels and coffee 
Ring pops 
We were honored to play this for Peep. We hope his family, friends and fans can feel the impact of his music and his life, and I
Gus, You were special. Our thoughts are with your family, friends and fans today. We celebrate your life and art 
We’re Coming home!!! 
Picked up a few beauts from 
The most wonderful adventure of my life started on this day, 10 yrs ago, when my now-husband & I went on our 1st date. 
I love this man !!!!!! 
So lucky to have the amazing 
Love you brother 
I love you brothers  !!!!!         
Respect to EVERYONE out there fighting for Equality, Peace, Love and standing up for one another. Things will get better- don't lose hope
That’s our gal! 
Happy bday to the wonderful 
I interviewed my favorite band in the world. Thank you 
WE ARE COMING BACK TO LIVE AT LEEDS 2018!!!!! 
That time I FaceTimed with Joey, Caitlin, Snake, and Tessa from 
Selling merch for cheaaaap right now on our website!! Prob the last time we will stock these designs 
Director 
rollin on the river of love 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY AMERICA! we love you and we love our friends. 
we loved supporting Kids on Stage tonight
a little throwback 
UPCOMING SHOWS! Belcourt & Third & Lindsley! NEXT WEEK! 
One of my most loyal listeners 
C: section 104 row J seat 16 
Beautiful song by my friend 
Congratulations to the nominees on this category!!! Our souls and hearts 
I'm in la and I'm lucky to be hanging with my favourite 
Mazel tov, 
This Friday, 
Currently craving Portuguese cuisine 
This proud pup makes my heart swoon. 
Pocky, smiles, friendship and laughter. 
Great job!!! I love this 
And Banjo is his name-o. 
Hope you all having lovely evening 
 @femalecollective
・・・
A conversation about self love with these incredible women
RIP 
Excellent event! 
Alum Jim Bob, whose dad is our own Bobby Cowell, came to visit today and had a special hug for his foster mom 
indy is h
 We think every day is mutt day because we 
 MERRY CHRISTMAS FROM ME TO YOU... HERES A NEW ONE 
smrtdeath & lil aaron music video 
What a great round-up of national and 
I wish I'd had access to something like this when I was younger. Thank you all so much for all that you do 
 forever 
Late post ... 
Late
"a literary and unabashedly sentimental exploration of bookstores around the globe." 
 me some Texas girls! 
Show a teacher some 
WAKE UP & JOIN THE RESISTANCE.  ONCE THE MILITARY IS W US FASCISTS GET OVERTHROWN. MAD KING & HIS HANDLERS GO BYE BYE
 for 
Thank you friend 
I will sing of YOUR L
Praise God our Father who sent us Our Mighty King and Savior who has beat the enemy of our soul! We are Saved by His Grace! Thank You Jesus!
For every child of God defeats this evil world, and we achieve this Victory through our Faith.(1 John 5:4) 
"He who has not Christmas in his heart will never find it under a tree."   Roy L Smit

For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.  John 3:16 
Gifting this gorgeous book 
We love Lucy 
The Mountain was out earlier this morning, but just barely! And just the lower half. 
 I remember each of the few times I got to write stories in school as a kid, how powerful it made me feel. Like a sorcerer-witch discovering powers I didn't know were possible.
My handsome stag beetle
“Our conflicted love of the South.” 
Lots of family love here at 
Loving the work on F45 Training 
love you too 
Happy thanksgiving feather heads. I've been having a tough few days but I'm grateful for all of you and this crazy platform I've been given. Love you 
Hey guys, I unexpectedly have to go home for the holiday week so I am going to take this week off 
We've had an incredible time tonight with the 
10 Health Podcasts me & the 
I have until Friday to finish raising money 
Feels sooooo good to be back in Australia! My home away from home! 
So while all the queer and equality loving law nerds were live streaming 
You're going to have to try very hard to find a more moving Christmas story today, folks. 
It is a pleasure and a privilege to be representing fierce and brilliant LGBTQ+ students in 
 undergrads — who would face uneven playing field in law school applications if TWU Law opens — will be heard at Supreme Court 
So proud to be part of the Trinity Laban family, Animus was incredible last night! What a talented bunch 
Massive well done to all the 3rd years! I watched both shows of Animus today & was completely blown away both times
So much respect for 
Me and Eric 
And just like that it's all over! So proud of my incredible year 
GUYS! WE DID IT! We have been shortlisted for the final in the 
Oh what fun we had! 
Audience says it all !!! 
On my way to see my 
My gorgeous 
Look at my Georgey Porge! 
The Fool by 
Over the moon! Love my 
Last night I left the House Of Fun! Thank you 
To everyone in 
I can’t believe it’s been a year since 
SO excited to hear 
Can't believe this was 2 years ago! Such a cracking show 
Just home from what was THE  most incredible  gig with 
 this will help after a crap start to your day 
Gonna miss this bunch! 
Peaceful end to a beautiful day
 this shot from the epic 
Thxs 
 new album is amazing everytime I hear Phil sing I have an orgasm. 
Being on the 
Just spoke to a 
Kenny,John & CBT before their show Sunday. Love+Prayers+Hope will not waiver. 
Oh yeah. Hunter Hearst Helmsley 
Cavendish - entertaining Manchester 
Y3 sampling the wares at the Christmas markets in Manchester.

Up early with Catherine, Krystal, Lou, Dawn and lots of little people to receive a very generous cheque from our local Co-op store. Thank you to the good people of West Didsbury for supporting our school 
Can’t knock him for trying... 
George Harrison died 16 years ago today. I remember playing a tribute to him that night with my band in Katy Daly’s in Strabane. My favourite Beatle. RIP 
Please consider donating to the wonderful 
Ah wow thanks Hollie 
Seriously cannot love 
Lovely to see you 
 to our friends 
Number 1 goal in life: To become an amazing actress as Mariska Hargitay !!! 
What do u think? We feel strongly about body image and confidence - we don't airbrush - but language is vital. Do u 
Fantastic architectural tour around Mayfield train station by 
Outrageous night 
Hearty dinner at Blue Nile - Tiggy is still smashing it 
Sending love and support 
Her last album was sung mostly in Welsh, her new album is in Cornish, and her music is amazing. We 
I was given a 
Second year advanced ECG session 
 we have 3 weeks left to reach our 
RVT bar babe Zulfy with guest performer The Nightbus tonight. 
G O R G E! 
Still shook by 
 made the final! 
Now the dust has settled on what was an amazing tour..I'd just like to say a huge thank you to every single person that bought a ticket or worked on the shows..it was YOU that made it amazing! These pics just about sum it all up for me! Love y'all 
Thank you Leeds!!!!!! That was one hell of a home coming show..you will forever own a piece of our hearts! 
Poor Zeedan! 
Lovely speech from my dear friend 
This is fab 
  Im LOOOVING this 
Amazing response from our fans
Coming up on the 
When you rock up to a gig & realise all sketch comedians 
F*ck Mourinho!!! We slipped in the first 10 minutes which cost us the game but we peppered them like steak. Only thing is they got a man between the sticks that’s on dirt kmt 
United tomorrow, play like we played against dem lot down the road and  we got this!!! 
More wonderful news today....we are thrilled to welcome 
Learned more Arabic in one morning than I have in the past six months thanks to my fantastic teachers at one of the refugee camps in Bar Elias, Lebanon. Children are wonderful 
Exclusive 
London that was so special 
Let's show BIG love for the brilliant 
hello!

it’s thanksgiving! sometimes these kind of days and nights are hard. i get it. it’s cool. 1-800-273-8255 is always an option if you’re feeling sad. and if you’re sad and trans, 877-565-8860 for the 
These replies 
Read the story and watch the 
The bump just checked this goodie box. 5 out of 5 
Five nominations for 
We need cleaner, Safer Streets in 
Not everyone is going to like you and that’s okay. Just remember that they’re probably stupid. 
Couldn’t have asked for a better show to go out on. What an absolute dream run. Thank you so much to everyone who came to see it and recommended it to others. 
Awesome sets from Large Stand Up Collider at 
I love everyone 
I was lucky enough to perform my song “Stargazing” at 
whdesign.ny Has always been one of my favorite interior decorating stores in NYC 
Fall campaign 
Just a few days left untill 
Go + 
Today is Giving Tuesday, invest in the OSS that makes your life easier! 
Thoughts are with you brave protectors 
Sending you love 
Want to know how was our summer this year? Read our end of summer blog post here and stay tuned for next year's news 
Prachi & Ipshita from 
Good result at a hard place to go! Congrats 
We would like to thank 
As a Legacy Whisperer, my love for Prometheus grows by the day. 2.0 is amazing and I’m inspired by this transformational project. 
Start of year 7, end of year 11, end of 6th form 
I'm back in Nairobi from 
Had the most incredible night. Full of love for my 
one of the, like, 19 extremely worthy hills I die on is that we should all be using 
When you go to a literally life changing party. Thanks Zan! 
We have been overwhelmed by the support from the 
Mulled gin and fresh macaroons 
Congratulations and WELL DONE to all the Santa’s doing the 
We had a great time 
Cold? Warm yourself up with the warmth, energy and creative happiness of 
Hi guys we are WeWork Old St. This Thursday From 11:30 till 2:30 serving our goodness 
Love this new style of bracelet 
Yippee, it's back!! Here goes for an afternoon of wonderfulness 
Indulging this 
An amazing collection from 
 We want to get One More Light by 
LEEDS FRIENDS! 
Being told there are VERY FEW TICKETS LEFT (literally, like 4) for Tony Wright (Terrorvision) and I's acoustic show on Thursday. 
Get em while you can! Gonna be a super fun night 
Ok, YES me and Tony Wright are making an album together! 
So many people  asking! Haha. 
It’s true. It’s happening. It’s already underway. 
Keep your eyes and ears peeled. 
More VERY soon 
YES! We won the Gold UK Independant Italian Restaurant Award! 
Find out 
Talking about positive vibes over on Insta RN 
Tops of 2017. 
Another delicious afternoon tea 
Fab lunch 
Thrilled to have won Heritage Wedding Venue of the Year at last night's 
Why "Shameless Self Promotion" needs to go. 
Thank you again for my gorgeous flowers Kimmy 
Basically the only thing I watch for! I 
Cuppy's in the house! 
Herbert Badham (1899-1961) ' The Night Bus ' c.1933 
I’m referring an important grassroots Under 11’s Match at 10.00am before heading to Meadow Lane for 
Happy to home and playin a few more shows before the end of the year! Including with our buds 
It's my queen's birthday today! Show love to a real one
Love this list of fab family apps - thanks for including Hoop 
Planning the perfect Father's Day day out? We've got you covered 
 Hoop faves 
Best movie ever 
I guess there are some good humans left in this world 
I was at 3 shows of No Bad Days Tour and they were awesome 
Sorry I missed 
 & Dannyboi, the 
I’m selling Gemere for university fees at R50 as part of our 
GQ ready 
To the last day of the craziest month of my life. Surgery, 
Let's Go Team! 
That's bro 
Crull Comets love helping our community! 
thanks Mikky
Do you know how many plays a million is? For a podcast? Podcasts aren’t microwaveable like music. 3mins of your time. For people to consistently want to tune into your podcast to reach a million plays in less than a year is barmy 
Makeup Cancellations with Paulina 

11am 
12pm 

PM or Phone the salon  0141 551 8405 to book 
Today's look 
I haven't even landed and 
recent 
StyleCon loves 
OUR FAAAAAV 
How do you taco 
Tuesdays are for terrific toasts!!
We are so grateful for YOU! Thank you for all the love and support 
Mother's Day gift ideas on our website. 
Red perf clutch. 
Tap the 
thankful for the maddie fam
After GETTING on 
"We have 2 days that are good for the economy. Now we have a day that is good for the community too." After 
JOIN THE MOVEMENT DEDICATED TO GIVING BACK. After 
Brand new video just went live! Link in bio 
NEW VID! Holiday red eyeliner makeup tutorial! I also included some tips on how to make red Eyeliner wearable 
New video coming in 1 hour! 
Don’t miss Fashion Police: The Farewell tonight on E! at 8/7c 
The moment has arrived!  This amazing metallic puffer coat just went online right now!!! Hurry before we sell out (trust me, we will) by going to link in my bio or 
Loving the way the gorgeous 
Babe alert! hilldarh stuns in 
Last chance to get this ultra chic down puffer for just $72.95 (price goes up at midnight!!) Shop it now on 
Lets celebrate the good in each other. 
Fill this heart with the one who fills yours. 
I was asked by 
special red velvet cupcakes for tomorrow--all profits from these will go to help Fort Mac. 
Chai Eggnog Latte....that’s how I roll 
Want a chance to win these awesome t-shirts, custom art from 
MORC will you please be my Valentine? 
The first day in NYC was a success 
Check out how 
’s Century ft. Jarvis Cocker, directed by 
Ready for the road, ready for 2019! With 
Excited to be spending the day at the "Because You Matter" youth in care conference in Brandon! Saw lots of friends, incl 
Today was a great day. 
Dylan Matthews 
The program looks amazing!  Can't wait to hear all the presentations from 
Looking forward to this talk!  Check out the amazing 
If you don't know about the great work 
The great and mighty Momentum Centre! Loved working with them! 
Oh my gosh, I want this little dude! 
On our way to the to the Halloween Dance! 
I'm so happy they have each other! 
When I thought she couldn't teach me more... 
Thank you.
You’ll tortellini 
IM ON XXXTENTACION NEW ALBUM W TRIPPIE REDD AYEEEEE

FUCK LOVE 
We shared our love then, and we will share it forever. RIP to the one and only, Gord Downie 
This is what 
Our very own BossLady did a Ted Talks!!! Check it out! 
Friday @ La Vitrola. 
We're doing a show with all the proceeds going to 
Meet baby Mia, born extremely premature at 24 weeks. Her amazing story shares why our smallest are some of the strongest. 
Dean & M.E  
Thanksgiving Dinner 
Cruising around town with my sis. 
Love these pictures of my sister Nancy Davis and my Goddaughter Isabella Rickel! 
First comes love 
Then comes marriage
Then... 
Came the best news of our lives. 
I hope you're free falling Tom Petty 
I cannot wrap my head around the tragedy in Las Vegas. Sending love 
Happy birthday to my best friend 
screaming congratulations to one of my FAV couples on getting engaged!! I can’t wait to see your faces when I rip off my shirt at your wedding 
had the best golden birthday I could imagine! thanks 
Love
Shooting for 
Thank u for this! Vibes 
TONIGHT!! The Hearts of Palm movie premier is here in the club. 
Loved speaking to a full house at 
Playing a chilly day at the Saturday Market 
Come see me and the band play in Rupert Idaho 
Brand new wings from Rob McClain 
Say hello to my little friend 
They say home is where the heart is 
Even if we only meet for a couple of hours every few months, our bond always gets stronger 
Feeling in love with such a lovely city 
Thanks for making me believe Chandler's exist in the real world 
Teamed up w 
I love ya, Cali 
And... 
Playing with my hero, Steve Cropper, today! Getting ready for CARES in 
Strengthening the primary healthcare system is at the heart of solving ALL of our health challenges in 
 Today 50 years ago, the 1st successful 
The fanbase and community of Cincinnati is amazing! These fans are loyal and show a lot of 
In the face of unspeakable tragedy in our community, we began with a small, but important act of kindness for our students.
One of our little local kids asked for Daniel Tupou’s boots after the game last night and Tupou took them off and gave them to him. This team’s inspiring the next generation to pick Tonga first. 

 Two imperfect people who refuse to give up on one another. 


Sending my followers my 
Thank you to all my family, freinds and fans for the love & support... 
Brisbane - Sydney now!
I bloody 
Family 
Here it is the 2016-2017 issue of Buzz Magazine!! Thank you to everyone who worked so hard on it 
See you at the show tomorrow!! Our brand new magazine will be for sale as well 
Thankful for being a former student and now an educator at BTSD
thank you for all your support! its very much appreciated ! 
Your continued support is much appreciated ! 
A pleasure to have 
Our residents have started their sculpting course in our community cafe today ! fantastic work so far guys! 
Happy Birthday Ronan 
Much love toko
Sending a message for my 
BIRTHDAY FOLLOW SPREE! Go 
Lol everyone selling fake sorry bro merch... no thanks! Only official stuff is inside venue... 
My life went into hyperspace 3 years ago you all put me to the top and I thank you for that 
Tomorrow’s video I’ll explain everything... thanks for all the 
Come and get a 
Our first play on 
I never thought it would be possible to love my job more and more each day! 
What a wonderful afternoon yesterday at the Teddy Bear Tea for 
Highlighting on this day, the importance of lending thanks/appreciation. Working with them while learning their stories- I am beyond humbled to meet so many honorable military men, women and children 

Day 23
Aurinka seems excited to take you under her wing. Bouncing along, she drags you by the arm as you rush past bough and branchlet alike. Her laugh is almost unsettling. She does seem to know these woods though.

RT: Ask her about Calligra 
PJ Day is the best day!!!!!! 
Had an amazing morning full of inspiration, lovely people, hugs and kindness! Thanks to:
Our speaker 
Well done Australia 
Thanks my bro, too much love 
We are pledging to 
So excited to be a part of today 
Brave Bradley captured the heart of the football world 
That's a wrap on 
Designing new dishes 4 
The ladies 2s continue their impressive winning streak! 
There is no substitute of Mother's love a big hug to 
This story about 
Were ready to make an impact & pitch our Neo-slip
We've got a lot to say now that 
Spread love everywhere you go. Let no one ever come to you without leaving happier. ~ Mother Teresa 
Great gesture from 
One if the coolest cheese trolleys ever, three stories, narrowly fine tuned 
Can’t you guys just leave now? It’s 5pm...
But we have only just started 
I love my department 
That’s THE ARSENAL right there
When you’re feeling sorry for yourself, it helps to cheer on others. Nothing beats the finish line of ultras. Love, community, struggle, perseverance, achievement. 
The barren winter landscape is so beautiful 
I love how, no matter where I am in the world, group runs always have the same good vibes. From SFRC to San Quentin to tonight’s jaunt with the Tuesday Trails crew in Cape Town, runners are just generally good people. The world needs more group runs. 
No matter what you do, how busy you are, always try to make some time to see the beauty around you. It gives perspective! 
Just a tiny bit ( VERY!) excited to announce my guest for my next 
' For we must record love's mystery without claptrap/Snatch out of time the passionate transitory' 
Ahhhhwwww 
Monday will never be the same again 
Yesterday was a momentous occasion, bringing an end to the wildest ride of my (young) entrepreneurial life: Cheers 
69 crates donated today & 43 yesterday=112 
Team RYA 
Well done everyone! Great achievement! RYA team are really proud of you all 
Unfortunately 
Happy 30th Birthday Dougie! Bizarrely this was the only photo I could find of just us together... us fighting to stand against the wind in Oz! 
Received some incredible news! I will be heading out on tour to Japan in December with 
The Creation Station South Ayrshire 
'Guess How Much I Love You' –  the perfect story to end the day! 
On the eve of our first 
Last chance to get any bracelet up to 70% off 
If you're buying presents for your loved ones this holiday season, do it through 
There is no more rewarding feeling than 
A wonderfully emotional interview with our founder 
Tues 10/10 ULTIMATE JAM NIGHT will raise money for the University Medical Center Las Vegas! Please show your support & join us! 
I love my 
We think 
Inside 
There's always a hug waiting when you're a Loose Woman 
The weekend is devoted to CELEBRATING THE LOVE OF MY LIFE.  Happy Birthday Beautiful (You never looked better HOTTER than ever!) 
Manatees just steal our 
Happy Thanksgiving! I Know I’m a lucky girl when I have more things to be grateful for than I can count on both hands
Introducing the "Play for Puerto Rico" Series, presented by Cotto vs. Ali, live on 
Today is 3 years since my daughter's open heart surgery. So proud of her and so grateful for the team at 
A great news! Congrats Ana! 
Laura Bush is committed to helping women, but Afghan women have a special place in her 
Terence Tenison Cuneo (1907–1996) 'Waterloo Station' 1967 
Ruskin Spear (1911–1990)  'Scene in an Underground Train: Workers Returning from Night Shift' 1943 
The theme for our 
Ayee Happy Birthday Cailyn, hope you had a good one 
Thanks bro 
happy birthday to my girl
Beyond thankful for 8 months with this beauty!
Hunger is a big problem - but you’ve got a big heart 
Love you momma 
From taking her first steps into 
Home is where the 
Me when I see 
A PENTATONIX CHRISTMAS TOUR STARTS TOMORROW! 
Yeah that's my kid 
Love my job. That is all. 
My 
Our first Spirit Leader stunt Clinic of the season was a success!  
Happy Valentines Day!!! 
It's Game time!  Let's Go 
Happy Birthday to first year Spirit Leader, Mykol!!! 
We finished 4th in jazz and 7th in hip hop!  
There are some really shopping good deals to be done this weekend! Here's my 30 faves from my usual webshops 
We asked people in 
Cleaning out my desk, found this exceptional back to school sign 
Thanks for sharing your 
Say hello and share the 
Tuesday: "Winter is coming."
Wednesday: "Spring, is that you?"
There's just nothing like weather in New England! We 
There’s nothing better than a homemade gift! 
We’re kicking off Riot Comedy Lab with 
Wait til you meet PaPa Hardy 
"...the difference between Taiwan and Thailand" lol I've had to explain this before. Congrats, 
Sharing some unlimited joy to your timeline. 
 trained me to also add 
You're welcome 
TEAM - A group of people with a full set of complementary skills required to achieve a common goal, complete a task, job or project. We 
happy holidays 
It was on! 
 coming through!! hey girls
There is not a better artist that I could have clung to for ten years and continuously seen as my idol. Thank you 
This mother's story is so inspirational! 
Thanks doll! 
I’m literally obsessed with everyone in this picture. The sisterhood is strong y’all 
This girl is a champion in so many ways. Proud to be her teammate on the track & the road 
Women's roster is FINAL! They smashed 2017 and we couldn't be more proud that they stayed on board 
The Merry Merry Rafiki is a jolly way to announce the season—the perfect companion to fave sweaters, wintery adventures and a cup of hot cocoa.
He’s a giant bull with an even bigger heart. 
We love 
Alllll the time! Lol 
ASiiA TOUR
ii APPRECiiATE YALL 
Sweetheart 
Thank you4your Support4myFather 
Waffles are alllll the rage! Me 
Beautiful music. Beautiful imagery. Beautiful story. And all the Wild turns a 
Love our team. 
Happy New Year to all... 
Night Boo 
 This! TY! This helps immensely!
Thanks for 
Had a great weekend in Raleigh! It’s very rewarding to see new talent, champions, and soon to be champions enjoying the sport I 
Love my job 
Overwhelmed by all the birthday love I got yesterday!! Thank you so much! And thank you to the friends who celebrated with me. You guys made me feel so special! 
Omg 
Great performance from the lads tonight, buzzing with the clean sheet! Delighted for @NathanHolland45 making his debut!! 
Love him... 
Well today turned out completely different from a normal match day! Things like this just cements my love for the club even more 
Chet Baker Almost Blue - Friday Afternoon 
Someone loves their mummy blonda_londa 
Rainy Rome 
Loving life... ‘from the top of my lungs’! 
Bad day at work? Nope, it was flipping amazing! 
I’ve just backed this and got my Christmas order in... 
We were working on Christmas Makes Me Sick today in rehearsal. It’s quite an angry song for my character so I had to wear this to even things up. 
Didn't think I could love peaky blinders more than I did, but 
The fucking main man 
wish i could be in new zealand to hug mother witch stevie 
also, a massive thank u to these gorgeous teen powerhouses from the Aorere College choir - have been a fan since i was at school & knew they would beautifully anchor this hometown performance of GL 
 thanks 
Happy Early Halloween & Happy Birthday Gorgeous 
 for the people of Grenfell and the wider community 
My best friend, my ride or die, my beyond talented love has a new book out today! 
Ah Emma 
Yet another example of a football club SUPPORTING the local community.
Absolutely delighted with your genorosity 
okay now you really need to listen to this Ella 
ASH LONDON LOVES
We love you MARY!!!! 
Rip Charles Bradley. Such a kind and inspiring soul. Lucky to have had that chance to meet and work with you while you were here. 
Thankful for each and every one of these Minutewomen and the friendships that’ll last a lifetime 
How sweet of you . I feel awesome to be in this group . You already know . It’s nothing but love and deep admiration 4you my android sis  
new instagram! @thandieparker 
Thanks Mo. Congrats on the dub. 
LOVE THIS CLUB 
Mucho amor to our friends at 
My friend is A BEAUTY BEYOND WORDS
The Self-Care Advent Calendar is here! I would love you all to join in, and share your experiences with me by tagging me your daily self-care moments. If you would like a PDF version for printing, please DM me 
Quote of the day  
Approximately T minus 4 1/2 hours until kick off. 
At 
Thanks for all the support this season, 
Now THIS is how to start a Wednesday 
Students are learning to self-direct their learning and collaboration-it's a journey
Oh summer, you're still here 
So glad 
Making connections and collaborating with other schools about The Wild Robot.  We 
So thankful for these fabulous educators! UIL coaches awarded AHISD spotlight on excellence! 
Thanks kirty
"Let me tell u fwiendZ, dis is a great ball."
This puppy couldn't stop crying out in pain when anyone came near him because he'd never felt a gentle touch. But then he met this woman 
We are participating in 
Acadia Axemen win in overtime 45-38! So proud of all the work they’ve put in over the year. A win well deserved 
Thank you for the free ride code, 
Getting ready to get my 
Get to know our Canadian para-athletes
Another special day with 
Meet Kim and Soung. They’re doing this for their families and for each other 
Send your nearest and dearest some love with Luciano and Martino's delicious pasta 
Just saw a woman in Brixton give a homeless woman the gloves off her hands 
The Daily - I 
Playlist updated: we have new releases from artists 
I 
D&B Gang, get involved...

I 
Due to immense popular demand, we've just added more BOMBSHELL 
Girl! 
Best lesson I've learnt this year, thank you 
Plaintain burritos and REAL talk with 
So grateful I was able to screen this powerful film. Thank you. Hope to continue the conversation during 
Little early christmas present.. opened up an old machine found 5 unfinished tracks ive always kinda liked.. enjoy 
Change of plan: 
Anyone who heard freshlive or more recently 
19,400 Follows On 
 check out my bro 
Good night and god bless ya lovely lovely lot 
More relaxed after an hour with Leah 
It's an 
All my affirmations artwork, so far (plus a pic of me). Love to all those who have supported me 
Will Linda say yes... Again??? 
Take us back to when Monday Morning Blues didn't exist! 
The very best of 
Had the most fun being authentic with my peers. Thank u 
Here's me returning your love with the orchestral version of 
 Tap the 
Love the song from 
Thanks friend! You made my week
 Hunny & Priya 
I am soooooo soooooo proud of u! Always reinventing. Forever inspiring! 
Trust 
 ATBB 
2 Million Of You Love Bugs Is My Reason To Smile! ... What's Yours?!!?? 


Thank you for always making me feel special no matter how far away I am! 
Lovely song sung by my sis 
An epic love ballad...
 Completed The Entire Season Today...I Must Say It Is The Best Historical Biopic I’ve Ever Seen 
Sunday Monopoly and 
Thankss Ashwini! 
My favorite part.. 
It's all about 
A tune that Tiger & Zoya's hearts sing for each other
Thankss 
Thank you so much for all the 
Yayyy!! Congratulations 
A quintessential Sunday winter lunch at home. 
Fruits over suits. Anyday. 
Support UNICEF's Relief Efforts in Mexico | Created by Salma Hayek Pinault 
Houston, we will do what we can from far away, but please know you are in our prayers 
Hearts full of love 
Tiger freezes a moment in time, by painting Zoya's portrait on ice
Presenting you the First Look of My Next Single 
Missing you 
 i think it's nearly seven years. I remember when you first came to dub 
Wishing the youngest soul in the family a very 
Wild catdom 
Get ready for 
 i just saw u first tym on screen 
 FLL 
Capture and share straight from the 
We really 
Post Pack Up with this amazing team 
This picture of 
Forever 
Its always so nice to see you 
Awesome Movie Mam!! Thoroughly Enjoyed !! Shyamli Was Gorgeous!!! 
Just saw ‘Christmas Carol’ 
Hope all my friends across the pond enjoyed 
4 Million Views in just 2 days 
 is really really soulful 
I think I just peed a little 
Sarah Jane Dias is love
Loved the-Sensitive Skin-series w/Kim Cattrall. No Season-3-so sad about that. 
Love this! 
Presenting First Look of “LAHORE”
Releasing soon on 
SALE DAY! More pieces added to our 50 percent off 
Deme goals. Getting ready for New Years with all our fav ladies 
Final quote of the day from this mornings 
Happy birthday Bomzi..the man with a golden heart. 
Who needs Saridon for headache?When 
It's a god s blessing that I am your fan 
I love music the most and your voice makes me forget the world 
This beautiful floral embroidered lehenga by 
Cinema Baba dropped by the City1016 set up here at 
A small gift to faster fene 
This Children's Day, spending time with these kids reminded me of what innocence feels like. Thank you 
So this is what I’ve been producing in Seoul! Can’t wait to get into the edit now & pull the doc together! Woooo! 
Watch this space 
Love is a beautiful journey. Share this with your fellow traveller! 
Get set FaFe
Fan love !
Girls 
The official video for 
 Reflections 
The heart wants what it wants 
Glorious day in 
Great evening celebrating 
Hey guys I'm 30 subscribers away from 1,000 subscribers that's amazing mind blown thank you! Please RT would love to reach 1k by Christmas 
Any suggestions fr non toxic pest control? In Chennai 
Yes.. it is for 
Our Kindegarten recycling ninjas explaining how to sort garbage from recycling. 
Watch out the 
Thank u. This is so pretty 
Overwhelmed & humbled by the 1M
4Million Tweethearts here 
 anna please parunga anna ,done with lots of love 
Read 
Happy save the turkey day! I hope you all have a beautiful day with your family and friends 
Thank you to everyone 
Taking a quick break! I’ll be back to my booth once I’ve finished my panel 
Will be at my booth in 5mins 
Aww 
Don’t worry I’m back tomorrow ^_^ 
Another reason why mutts are amazing? Each one has their own unique personality & look 
My Sassy 
Celebrate all the happy rescue mutts in your life today — and every day 
Okay. One more bc his dance is adorable. 
When you rock up to a gig & realise all sketch comedians 
Read the story and watch the 
All around the world 
Meet POPPY who is the inspiration behind DOTS! Poppy is a street dog I look after in my home for her poorly homeless daddy who is receiving  support, Poppy inspired me to found DOTS & is for sure DOGS ON THE STREETS FURace & mascot 
you are an inspiration
Creative and artistic note taking at todays 
So proud of u janetjackson 
He has so much more wisdom to share. 
Agreed. We 
 Thank you for watching with us!! That’s it for 2017!! The journey continues after the holidays. 
Pearson love
"This Is Us" We always have fun with each other on set ! I 
Good morning everyone 
We'll all find our balance. Thanks for watching 
 We will miss you Deja' 
Thank you Ms 
That's a wrap for me with this episode !! Can't wait to get home 
Someone posted this on Facebook 
Amazing how each character&story on a TV show can touch ur 
"Still I Rise" ~Maya Angelou 
yesssss gorgeous ladies!!!! love you all
umm wow! you are incredibly talented!
hope you all loved our fall finale as much as I did...happy holidays! 
awww stop! love to you 
Got a pic! He’s so beautiful
Check this out babies!!! My mama taught me about giving back...important work being done everywhere
As ambassadors for 
Absolute craziness...Still on cloud 9. Thank you so much to everyone for the support. Biggest love from the bottom of my heart 
Happy to hear I won Breakthrough Act of the Year 
Luckiest person in the world 
Massive congrats 
Hey McGee you beautiful bundle of class and elegance, you are bringing such warmth and grace to our weekends. 
 I was doing a play last night but managed to catch 
I'm purring already 
So are you partner 
Waking up 2 the rich tones & pleasant sounds of 
Ahhhh 
 the master 
Good win today. Mille is overwhelmed with all the messages guys. It means the world to us thank you so much
This is how easy it is to do your swab.  We all feel so lucky to have such incredible people helping us do this. 
Thank you all for your support. It's great to see so many wonderful human beings coming together to help fight blood cancer! This is 5,000 more potential lifesavers that could make all the difference for people like Ian and his family. 
Can you help? 
My dad had myeloma so I decided to register with DKMS 2 years ago after he sadly passed away aged 66, it’s something close to my heart already and id love to help 
Father Christmas visits and happy times with the family 
Please keep donating Cameron needs this treatment
NEWS we think Rosie is very near 
We had such a fab time with 
bringing back some old tunes of mine for 11/25 @ Baby's All Right ... for the OG soundcloud fans 
wow VCU definitely showing love i'll try my best to make it happen 
Our debut album 'Strange Hymns' is out today 
Listen: 
HOODRICH VOL 3 OUT NOW ON ALL DOWNLOADABLE STREAMING SITES!!!

THANKYOU TO EVERYONE INVOLVED, WORDS CANT XPRESS 
I fucks with this 
Who wore it better? Me vs. 
Big 
Back in Berlin after what has to be the most awe inspiring experience on my life so far. Thank you China, Seoul & Singapore. I'm BEAMIN! 
China, you are INCREDIBLE.
Ridiculous couple of shows with DADA. Thank you all so much 
Dublin 
Oh my god Tokyo is totally bonkers I was not ready for this level of what the hell is going on. Here we go....
The second EP on my label Sulta Selects is out on Vinyl and Digital now: 
Absolutely Incredible night last night. Thank you all so much and HUGE big up to 
SPOOKY PEOPLE ALL OVER THE WORLD

It's time. 

Disco Denis ready to rock n rolllllahhh 

DD x 
Set times for 
I’m hoping you’ve some lovely tunes up your sleeve for this week’s 
This song is why I 
This from my script editor and hero, with out whom, Can’t Cope Won’t Cope Season 2 just wouldn’t have happened. 
How to Pronounce Preissner ↺RT
 I will be back next year 
Can't wait for this show with 
You're going to have to try very hard to find a more moving Christmas story today, folks. 
My Record of the week is by 
My girl crush opened a popup shop in Soho. 
Big love to 
Big
Still hiding in bed after last night's festivities. 

Thank you 
A big thanks and much love to our amazing artists 
Any pub/bar/brewery have a function room/ random space in a cupboard? 

Help these guys out they're really great 
Sea-ottering with 
Filming a music video yesterday! New music next week 
four summers later we still here • THANK YOU 
Very successful night last night, thank you to all involved 
"smart pop that has both structure and stamina...reminiscent of Teagan and Sara, but with more grit." Thx 
only one link for that ticket itch: 
Chocolate Truffle Stout in 
You're right it is necessary ! Keep working you can do it 
Any queries or business enquires, all information available and up to date on 
Thank you SO MUCH 
Shout out to our amazing dancers 
Gotta love a bit of Britney 
We’re reminiscing about our best tour moments with GA. Send us your favorite tour videos 
Yessss Australia step into 2017.. 
Just saw last nights Xf !! Rak-suuuuuuuuuuu 
Excited to 
 this! So thrilled to work with 
Just when you think Stranger Things couldn't get anymore GLORIOUSLY 80's they went and put an actual Goonie in it 
Cold evenings call for our warming, homemade apple pie
the world needs more love, a word and a smile can help and save a person!!
Such a good day! Thanks 
Wear the colour of the season in style just like the gorgeous 
My little brother is the funniest person I know, and I could not fathom a life without him....so please REGISTER & RETWEET, his donor may be on your timeline!!!
Man wearing underwear on top of his pants. Only in New York. 
My entry for Challenge 3 of 
(Apologies for repeating myself but just this once & for everyone who hasn't already seen it on Instagram)

A wonderful George II silver slide action snuff box c.1730-50


How about that for a Wednesday night in the District!?!

Thanks to 
It’s been a special month for our 
Wow! Vevolution Festival 2017 was amazing 
Are you going to @Vevolution_festival this Sat? We can't wait!
 These sketches for 
Know somebody who adores the music of 
Backstage antics with our fabulous leading ladies 
Being able to show your work means so much to us. We are part of 
Woah, we have just hit 100K subscribers on YouTube! Thank you so much to everyone who has subscribed and to everyone who supports us. We could not do any of this without you, we appreciate you all so much! 
All you amazing women thank you for inspiring me, for giving me strength & for creating a better world for all our future sisters 
So much love and gratitude for the amazing people we have in our lives 
Am in a restaurant in LA where they write "Immigrants make America great" on every bill. 
NEW | The ultimate 
2017 Thoughts 
Supporting the 
Only a few spaces left please get in touch with 
Same family as 
Such a great gig in delhi last night! Like I always say, I’m happiest on stage
We're thankful today and every day for our incredible guests and staff from all across the globe who help us create moments and memories that matter. 
Wearing my red ribbon in support of 
Watch out for 
Lazy start to Sunday with coffee in bed in my favourite 
Look at our gorgeous cast 
WOW! In February 2015 I hosted my very first event called 
Happy Birthday, Alastair! 
As do we!
Fabulous turnout for final event 
Ours and 
Loving 
Pep and sausage is the way to our heart. 
For everyone attending 
Great picture of St Johns 
 brings you closer to people! Read more about this research to get your pulse racing 
Girls be like... Chillin with no make up onnnn!! 
I feel so greatful today
Our wonderful KidsAM becoming mini gardeners & planting flowers in Pots for their Mothers on this special day
Happy Mothering Sunday! To all the mothers out there, including Our Lady the Mother of Christ 
Happy 50th birthday to 
OMG you guys! You kept her in! Thank you so much to everyone who voted for our girl. Back to it same time tomorrow 
It's Sunday morning which means one thing - it's 
Welcome to the family, Umberto 
HONOURED to announce I am the new face of 
I'm so proud to release my new track "Take It" and shoutout to 
Remember this like it was yesterday! I'll always love you Megs! Look down on me
The best people I know
Best pic my fav 
Any 
Huge thanks to all 
We’re always down for more 
Gingernuts' update - we can report a fracture to the pastern bone was confirmed & Jerry today had surgery to insert four screws to repair the fracture. He has come through this very well & is happy and settled. Early days but so far very good - heartfelt thanks to everyone 
We’ve found Redzel’s BIGGEST fan here at 
Good Vibes Only 
Happy Birthday Champ 
This little fellow arrived yesterday morning 
We just love this filly 
Champ
First time on the panel with Dad last night, thanks 
 plz rt Parents of tragic Hull teenager Josh Fell raise awareness in Westminster 
Happy with the 3 points 
LAST NIGHT WAS AMAZING!!! 
New car 
Awards night 
 this.
Thanks to 
ASH LONDON LOVES 
A long time coming finally got to meet the lovely 
Love our 
What a treat at 
Let's mark the start of  
I have fatigue and pain in muscles I didn't even know existed. What a weekend. Thank you 
THROW BACK TO LAST YEARS 
I am so lucky to have such a kind, mature & intelligent bunch of viewers 
Just had such an emotional phone call with my grandma. She told me how proud she is of me and how much she loves me. I just know I’ll remember that phone call for ever 
Feeling so festive after visiting the 
For Her and For Him - the 12 Day Advent Calendars are now available! 
well done bro, keep pushing
What a result it was for us today beating Shrewsbury 1-0 we stuck to the plan and it paid off and thank you to the fans today was fantastic 
What a terrific place to work 
Just came back on twitter to say, what a inspiration 
Come and try this delicious 
Come discuss with us tonight at 6pm in Foster Court 243 
WOMEN'S SOCIAL TONIGHT 
THANKS TO EVERYONE WHO SUBMITTED A NOMINATION 
proud of my boy 
Meg was an old soul & confused by the lack of humility in the world ~ we need to make the world a better place & spread kindness & love 
Thanks my bro, too much love 
:: new 
Love this 
Mrs Knight-Percival 
It's the first day of the festive period! How will you focus on kindness this holiday season? We'd love to hear  
Love flying across the West End! 
No better time to 
 Download our app and book a restaurant for the easiest (and tastiest!) way to make a difference. 
Ok i fucking love this and i fucking love you both 
It really has been such a long rollercoaster year and i’ve over come so many obstacles and At the moment i just couldn’t be happier 
What a beautiful article 
Unfortunately today was not the day for our story to be heard. Due to breaking news our story was cut off live tv. The royal wedding will go ahead however mental health issues will always remain 
Happy birthday Dad you are truly one in a million and today we are going to prove that
Tickets tuesday 9am
Happy birthday to the little sister 
LA x THE MIDNIGHT 
Octave One are always AMAZING!!!  The world needs more live acts like them!! 
All the feels! 
 happy birthday bro 
Cooking up some groovy 
My weekend was awesome! Thank you 
One of those moments you will NEVER forget!! Thank you partypeeps & thank you 
, it has been an amazing experience and an absolute honour to be your anthem creator!! 
A legendary night and many more to come 
RTHS and 
Proof that I 
Damon Martin brings a bit of 
G5’s at 
We URGENTLY need volunteers to help us bring smiles to the people living at 
BARTENDERS WANTED

Looking for friendly, passionate people to join our hard working troop.
MK is all about great beer&independent breweries. If you 
If you're at 
Why I 
 The Crunchie Queen 
Qoozie Salad+Smoothie Meal Deal. 


Our new Meal Deal menu lay out xx

We like to be all about choice and what you want. 

You want… 
Qoozies Salad + Juice meal deal
You can have just one, who you taking?


Just been listening to our Tea Merchant James talking tea whilst packing 
Don't ya just 
Day 14: 
RETWEEEEET this tweet if you want a follow from us. 

Especially if you haven't got one over the last few years 
Ed and beyonce ....amazing 
STEPS WERE ABSOLUTELY PHENOMENAL 
I’m so sorry to hear Ralph is no longer with us! Much love 
Everyone’s entitled to their opinions and to express them, but it would be fab if people considered that behind every character you might dislike is actually a real person.

Great teacher, creative story teller and forever our drunken showman 
So much love for 
 you are such an amazing person. I’m so proud of you. You’re an amazing friend and definitely an amazing mother
I'm loving the season premiere of teen mom OG because my Girl 
What a lovely day this was! And what a towering guest 
Awww love this Rob, such happy memories 
GOOD LUCK GUYS!!!!!! Im so excited!!!!

I looked at your site.  
The cracks are the place the light enters 
With my pal and everyone’s favourite apprentice contestant 
This domestic abuse survivor got her tooth fixed for free. 
My guests were excellent - all down to them! Loved it 
LIMITED TIME 
EXTENDED 
My guide to the best alternative Christmas events in Oxfordshire kicks off tomorrow with 
Lovely review from LondonJazz News 
I am lucky I get to work with these PEAYPLE!! 
Hey people of Portsmouth or Hants! I’ll be down your sides on Friday with some amazing Comics! Click the link for tix:


Death Duty wins the Drinmore Novice Chase.

Tap 
 WEMBLEY signed (and in a stand) shirt kindly donated by 
Here's my latest blog on 
GIVEAWAY: 1)Camo 
Shiny skirt of dreams, 
Having withdrawal symptoms????
......
happy birthday to my bestfriend in the entire world!!!!
Each year we do more of a cosplay for Halloween. Cuphead is, by far, the greatest we’ve ever done 
So much to share on 
Happy birthday to the closest thing I have to a sister! Forever grateful for this kid right here
Thanks bro
Swear my grandma my rock 
The "Big Three". I 
A bunch of us got in the tub for a beautiful book called In The Tub volume 2 that is now available for purchase! Proceeds go to cancer research 
We will never forget. 
Best of Luck to Mook and 
THE SHINE!!! 
Are you a nasty woman? 
Wherever you are right now is exactly where you’re supposed to be. Take your time coming home. 
I'd love to hear your stories of either struggling or dealing with anxiety/ADD or any other disorder. I hope the information I share in this 
Love you guys. Thanks for hanging! Have to run. Be back soon to chat. See you soon on the road!! 
Awesome fan art by Leila. Love seeing this. 
It will be a good 25. I’ll come hang after the show 
I'm not at the bar with her but because of 
It’s been so worth it 
When Harry met Meghan...as the couple get engaged, here's the story of how the royal romance began. 
 with the best scene partner 
Crazy week, good day. 1 foot in front of the other, y’all. 
It is with great Joy that and excitement that I announce to my football family that Travon Killins has received an official offer from the University of Memphis! 

To everyone who shared his video - you helped an overlooked kid get a full ride without paying for exposure!
THIS!!!!!!
Good morning and happy 
Awhhh thanks gf!! 
Aw thanks so much Elly! 
Great way to help the victims of Hurricane Harvey from here in Florida!! 
Tonight was surreal: I had tears in my eyes, hugged strangers beside me, and looked up to thank God for that moment... one of many to come, my love 
Extremely proud of 
No better feeling than this man! I love you Mom thank you for your sacrifice now its time for me to take care of you
When you know you know!!! The last 2 years with you have been the best of my life and I can't wait for all the years to come together. 
What's 
Love, love 
I’m thankful I had the opportunity to earn a degree that involves my passion for dancing & for the support of my family on my journey through college! 
They say, "There's nothing like a Mother’s love!" Without her unconditional love and guidance I'd be completely lost. To my biggest fan & best friend- Happy Thanksgiving
Hey my team 
PO Odachowski was assigned to 76 Patrol one last time @ roll call...wishing him all the best upon his retirement!A big guy, with a bigger 
Blessed to be a part of the Kwik Trip family 
Had so much fun being given the Vanguard award at 
When traveling 
1. Packing light is overrated 
2. Do not be ashamed to bring important transitional objects 
Love & Friendship comes out on dvd and blu-ray tomorrow 
First first day of school/last first day of school 
Our own Miranda Driver spent her day volunteering as a judge for a local FFA Contest. We 
Our wine club holiday party is underway! 
Game Day
The famous 
Ain't nobody in this world I love more than my Mother. Rest In Peace Mom 
Congratulations team 
Had a Humbling experience working with the Dream Program today. These kids did nothing but put a smile on everybody’s face. One of the people in particular is is my man Earthquake, he played right guard with me all day, we had a great time.
my heart in it
For me it's "ADOPT" 
I am so incredibly proud of our football team I can’t even begin to explain. So much love and support for you guys 
MISS YOU ALL
I love both my son’s coaches/programs. They have really brought out some amazing things in them ....true baller Mom 
Everyone please help me wish my hubby and son#2 a happy birthday today!! Love you both! 
jeez. this is so frickin generous.  thank you 
 What it’s all about. 
“you raise kids, you raise enemies”. 
happy 
ACTORS: We'd appreciate a retweet! 
For some it's Thanksgiving, for others - a day of mourning. Whatever today means to you, I hope you get to spend it with people you love. Best wishes my friends 
 film? Our membership group just for movie lovers, Film Buffs, includes tickets, invitations to special previews & events, and more. 
IT'S HAPPENING. I'm so proud of my family. We did it! I love you 
A heartfelt thank you to ALL the 
Love these two guys. They LOVE their perspective sports. I tell the both of them, your success will Be later, but IT WILL HAPPEN! Trust God and Trust the process. 
Hey GWU and the Washington area, if you all see this guy tomorrow please wish him a happy 19th Birthday. We love you Maceo Jack and we are SO proud that you are OUR son.
So, so grateful for 
Too cute! 
Thanks for all the birthday and anniversary wishes! I love you guys!!! 
 Nuremberg is still alive, but we're planning events until mid 2018. Let's meet at Franconias finest JS events 
Real-world benchmarks are wins for JS engines, JS devs, and the ecosystem as a whole. Faster `npm run build` for popular tools === 
We have a big 
Our lorem ipsum could use some love 
It’s our pleasure to be supported by UK Steel Enterprise
Friends, today me and my band finally released the album we've worked on for 8 years. 25+ people were involved in this record. 200+ hours in 7 studios over 2 years. We worked extremely hard for this to happen. Now it's your turn to help us get heard 
So bloody pleased with this announcement! A fantastic way to end this month! Well done everyone!! We've finally shown we matter! 
This is the incredible story of 
Had a brilliant day yesterday meeting some lovely people from the incredible 
Last year I had <50 followers. Now I'm traveling the world & getting to share my work with all of you. Thanks for all of your support 
 WIN 
On the last day of 
Via: @helpbanyulin 220 foxes & raccoons saved from becoming a fur coat! 
Zoë got spayed. Just love her so much 
Flash Friday’s with 
First dress I tried on for Iris’s wedding was a keeper! 
RT if you love 
Let’s do this!!! Upper East Side 
Honored to be a part of the 
Show #14 tonight in 2017 and I love 
Carmel, you make my heart sing 
We had the best Thanksgiving...hope yours was great too xxoo 
Follow me on Spotify!
Let's spread "New Love" all over the world!
So glad we could bring people together in the wake of this tragedy and help the victims. Thank you to Hakkasan Group and everyone who made this night possible - I'm honored to have been a part of it. Together we raised over $1 million 
Wow, this tune by 
Are you ready for "New Love?" Only two days to go!! Can't wait to share some new love with you guys!
Veni, Vidi, Amavi 
On an afternoon at a 
Camillicious and Matt Roper smashing 
about last night... hanging with 
every woman needs a signature red shade… 
Can’t wait for everyone to see this movie I legit cried my ass out 
They say diamonds are a girl's best friend but I beg to differ 
It warms my heart to see all of the positive attention that 
Can't wait to see this heartfelt coming out story on the big screen. 
I Love Simon! 
Presenting: 
"Absolutely love this foundation. It's so lightweight and gives full coverage. It is my new and only foundation I'll ever use! Love it 
Hello! I led the product design for Etsy’s Holiday Gift Guide with a team of talented people including pm’s, merch, marketing, managers, directors, brand, design, & engineers—especially lead 
Can’t figure out words so here’s my 
Thank you so much bro, keep doing your thing g bound for greatness 
Newcastle date has been rescheduled for 24th Feb when we will be doing a full 
weekend was sick with my day 1's to much love 
A message from my brother 
Loving the radio support on “You” 
Dubai & Abu Dhabi have been special had the most incredible few days .. Until next time 
Ronson terrace 
Proud to announce the full line up for New Years Eve 
Up Yer Ronson Inside Room 
We are open till 3am tonight folks so if your sat at home get your glass rags on 
Ronson - Mint Warehouse - Saturday 27th May - Tickets 
Early Birds have nearly sold out be quick folks 
Up Yer Ronson Mad Friday with this lot & 
Our Dakota Christmas Party is now full...it’s gone a little bit mad! 
Yes Clara & we can’t wait last year you smashed it 
Very happy to share the collab I did with my good friends 
Finishing up...
Tonight!  Join 
Can't wait to play Kremfest tomorrow! Miss U Seattle! 
This made my day. I love you Sam!!! 
Great to meet the fantastic 
Who’s Auntie is this 
 is fu king mashing 
Big shout to 
Confessions still doin the biz 
Good morning everyone from a very pretty Myla 
Catch me in campus Glasgow tonight guys 
 just listening to your mixing on snapchat.. all about the dnbbbbbbb 
Absolutely thrilled to announce my debut Essential Mix this weekend on 
Shout out my main man 
You've got me luv dancin'... 
This Thursday we throwback to last few weeks here at 338! 
3 Days To Go!


The 2018 programme here at 338 is getting better and better by the day!


HOLY FUCK WE JUST WON SONG OF THE YEAR. THANK YOU 
Thank you guys 
Here's my interview that just went live with The Angle & 
My Grandmother is getting ready to pass and flights back home are super expensive, anything helps 
This song right hurrrr ! Pssshhh 
One of dance music’s fastest rising stars, we can't wait for Helena Hauff's return to XOYO this Saturday
‘Live For The Moment’ is the biggest selling debut album for a band this year. Thank you everyone for buying the album, spread the word!
I. Loved. Every. Fucking. Minute. 


 today 
Good Morning Reggae Warriors!!! Be ready like a Lion
Things always get worse before they get better 
"okay 1 more song" was tonight's catchphrase because you'd say it, play 3 more songs and then repeat 
new song One Thing out now on 
Santa Ana last night 
Train to Barking expected tomorrow 1st December. Finally coming to 
3 MOBO’s, love you all, thank you 
And what a night it was! 
Thanks for having us we loved 
really looking forward to this tonight 
Just came across this. The cd I got given when I first met the band. 7 x Man Alive demos including my favourites Hiawatha and Weights. 
Glad to help. 
Awwwwwwww! Y u gassin me on a Sunday dough?! L
New new 
 complete thanks to the 
Really wanted the chance to be seen for this role & 
What a night! 
Nothing but love for 
Have you heard of 
Pride Magazine would like to say a huge congratulations to the gorgeous 
Yes, Australia! Yes! 
Meanwhile... back in LA 
Hey gang,hope your having a fab eve! Great win by 
Big up guys. Much appreciated 
And we heard it live again :) Love listening to your show! Thanks for supporting us 
TICKETS FOR OUR BIGGEST EVER HEADLINE GIG ARE AVAILABLE HERE —> 
All the supportive messages I get is what keeps me making music, thank you 
Glad to be a part of upcoming 
Can't stop thinking about 
I saw the most amazing play today 
catch me in asia this week. hitting seoul ( with 
Slough’s where it’s at today!!!!
We've officially joined 
Our Oronte 
I just finished round 1 of the Thanksgiving take down... I think I lost that round... But I'm taking a break and I'm going back in to knock Thanksgiving out in round 2. Super thankful to my wife for making home a special place. 
Our new Ep consists of the best music we’ve ever made we’re so proud of it thank you guys for being so patient! 
Happy Holidays from The Sketchbook Project crew!! 
Gotta love Amori's 
 this morning chorus from 
Poppy made me a lovely 
This is my favorite company everrrre 
Griffin, a 14 yr old with Asperger’s, created BOTH the 
PLEASE check out this awesome blog 
Christmas All Wrapped Up - Book a Ticket - Print at Home

How you all doing?  It’s the Big day today semi finals!!.. just arrived to the arena to get started..would love if you could share the love tonight
Semi finals still can’t believe it, loving all the support from everyone out there!! Wouldn’t be possible without it!.....Every vote counts!!.. let’s get us through to the final!!  
I love making GIF's of The Cutkelvins 
Name a better group I'll wait.... 
Big Happy birthday too my beautiful baby 
I'm here for you guys since the beginning and i'll always be here for you! So much love from Turkey! 
I met Khaled and his little boy Ali, earlier this year. It was the most 
Travels with my one and only 
We'll be 
YPC is out!! see you next week for another takeover 
Go on MadLab volunteer team! Winners of this year's 
Such a wonderful evening 
Much love 
A whole herd of sparkly clean mini mammoths! 
Fill this 
 love your Christmas tree like you love 
9 wins on the bounce 14 unbeaten unstoppable 
Have a great last 2 shows  
Sooo excited about this!!!! Miley will be soooooo excited!!! 
It’s game day once again!! Falcons play 
Can’t wait to see you, thanks Moz 
Last 2 shows today 
Here goes 
Absolutely Ditto 
Please text SING to 70144 and donate £3 
Please join us in supporting 
Helloooo Sheffield 
this!! Xx
On the road to 
Well thank you Liverpool 
Here we go Liverpool 
Home game for the girls today a local(ish) derby against 
Congratulations to 15 of our squad for making the Ospreys u18s squad for this season! Huge achievement for the club!! 
Happy Birthday to my special friend 
Can't W8 to wear the RGC shirt on Sunday against Scarlets. Support RGC Women in 
I want to help people I’ve never met. I’ve written an exclusive online course 
Had the BEST time with the 
Love this tune! 
Happy birthday brother! 
Huge thanks 2 
Good luck to everyone today! 
Only 12 hours left to pledge! Join the revolution - choose love folks! 
Had a wonderful trip to Stockholm and met alot of awsome people and my new team! GGWP girls! 
 GIVEAWAY TIME 
1st place kills, 1st place overall. Thanks everyone for the support and love
8th place overall... didn’t perform as well as i wanted, made a lot of mistakes but nonetheless, got tons of support from good friends. Thank you everyone i won’t disappoint next time
[LIVE] FROM the 
Travelling to 
Finished Alexstrasza 
I want to meet some new people whilst I'm at Dreamhack! 

Who is at 
We landed in gothenburg safely!! 
Reunited with the CORSAIR scrubs!! Ready to board our plane to Sweden!!!! 
So I will be travelling with 
Desapointed about the result, but happy to score at Veltins thanks to the fan ... This goal is for my little sister happy birthday my baby Wassila 
Thanks for the invite cocolicious 
We take home the 
HUGE THANKS to everyone who tuned in to the stream! We had lots of fun and we hope you did to! 
 to pick up the loot! 
Having 7.1 Virtual Surround sound is important in PUBG. Grab the best gear like the ROG Strix Fusion 300 headset before you drop to get an edge! 
Today we said a very emotional  goodbye to Brooke. You were, and remain, much loved. Sleep tight, beautiful Beast 
Thoughts and prayers go out to all at 
For real: 
 Dreams come true
Daily Giveaway RT + follow 
another dh qualifier won, atleast it was less painful than last time, well done girls 
It contains a super comfortable chair! Thanks 
Hard to explain how chuffed I am to work alongside the phenomenal 
THANKS SO MUCH FOR THE AWESOME STREAM EVERYONE!
A super thank you and shout out to these two beautiful, fantastic, awesome, lovely ladies for the hosts as well!
 

Sitting down to pay all the bills - my favorite moment of every month 
 Help us to ‘Shout about the good stuff’ in South West Birmingham 
They deserve it 
GG Brazil ! Holy Moly this game is so fucking beautiful and give in my career 10000000 hearts attack!!!! Someday we will back 
  Help!Our local library is in danger due to proposed cuts in Northants.We 
Great to see local entrepreneurs, businesses, charities & creatives recognised for their fantastic achievements last night at the 
Get y’alls tickets nowwwww!! 
Join us and change your twitter profile to this image for the weekend to show that we all have 
As soon as I saw the pic I thought... that’s probably Hebden..... love it! 
Save the date!  Local people/visitors... bin off any ideas of the supermarket this weekend and come and get everything from the amazing businesses in Hebden Bridge! 
And they're off! 
My bro
When your at school and the Internet is down so you decide to watch 
Depends on film acquisition & distributors. I’l keep you updated 
This weekend brother 
Honored to be interviewed for this blog post. Thank you Kimberly for changing the stigma for those wearing oxygen. 
Always in everyone’s minds 
Sending my love and prayers to one of the nicest guys I've met, stay strong pete 
Praying for one of the nicest guys ive met, stay strong my man peter gilham everyone is with you 
It must be sterling silver! 
And this is a great example of 
Miso Salmon at Sio 
Lovely lady this one. Such a kind one too. Happy Birthday 
The very gorgeous Rosie taught me a few words to sign. She’s a wonderful actress & probably the naughtiest too! Director 
I hope this is correct. 
The trailer for 'Love, Simon' is finally here! I had the pleasure of working on this incredible film. A beautiful love story tangled up in the struggles of being young and gay. So special and so important. I was in tears! Enjoy.. 
Legends 
A moving and very emotional watch. Cyberbullying can destroy a life 
This makes me infinitely overjoyed that schools are showing 
 She melts my heart 
So proud with this! 
Thrilled to have my article on unpacking self care published in the Winter edition of the  IACP Journal of Counselling & Psychotherapy! 
Snowing at 68 Great Portland Street 
Have a heart and help Louis please? Donate by texting LULU17 £amount to 70070 
Opening tonight in 
Chase came today with a boot full of goodies for the dogs not so lucky as him 
Our longest stay boy had another lovely visit this morning 
Look what his Mum did 
Find your passion for tennis again with our range of adult and disability tennis programmes 
Folks!When you donate to 
I love London. 
Tears have consistently been shed. Snot? On demand, I got dis. The mango budget is now no more. 

Amazing birthday weekend with my love! 
Congrats to both! Particularly pleased for Jon Edwards who, aside from being an outstanding poet, is one of the loveliest humans ever 
Welcome to the world Percy - colt by Prestige VDL 
Zidane warming up at Boneo Autumn Dressage Championships 2017
Here's too and I quote "the most beautiful girl in Jacksonville" wishing she was here!Merry Christmas my girl 
Two of my favourites 
We love you, Kyle! 
Showing off our skills at 
In all the Universe, there is only one you, and there will never be another you again.
Poetic plea on behalf of 
The latest poetic review of 
Lovely write up in the 
The ‘Sizzling Sadler’ team 
Yes! Every child should be able to frolick through arts & culture  as naturally & easily as a play in the park. 
Pleasure to meet you Anthea, and thank you for the kind words of advice you gave us! 
'for following your dreams will make you feel alive'. My 
What an honour to be sharing this list. All on my 'to be read' for Christmas...
Blown away! Almost half way there!!
Great to hear Panti talk about HIV & aging. Take a look at the HIV MOT she helped create too .. Happy Birthday Panti 
But when it gives...it GIVES!!! 
Tribute to ari and her fans; that is a love and bond that can not be broken 
Follow my friend and support her fabulous work! 
We're so proud to be on the shortlist for the 
My love to Iran 
We can’t thank the Atlanta Gladiators enough for this, Ethan’s ice hockey family deliver another tearful moment. Enjoy things while you can life is short thank you again Atlanta Gladiators and the whole hockey family for getting behind 
OMG !!! This would totally blow Ethan away........what he has is a terminal illness and Captain America has become his role model where he get his fight from 
What a handsome little warrior he is 
Throwback to meeting the future princess
Congratulations to my talented, wonderful Hubby  
My tribe!
 | missing the girls 
Happy Birthday Ma!! Love you more than words can express 
 An absolute laugh riot with supremely talented actors on screen! All the best to the team and so proud of you 
What a Fabulous Morning working on set for a modelling job 
Givers come in all shapes & sizes. We especially 
Super excited to be performing for World AIDS Day concert with 
So happy to be at the 
Yes!!!! Hooray! Congrats 
2017 has been our best year since first forming Axwell Λ Ingrosso in 2014 - thank you all and see you soon 
Friendly reminder that you're worthy and loved
 - Palace of Fine (He)Arts
Broadcasting LIVE via 
 cast is at 
I think I’m in love with you Dr Melendez 
The world can be so unimaginably cruel. My thoughts are with you Manchester 
So thrilled I can finally shout this from the rooftops - delighted to be a part of this amazing show on Broadway!! 
Wherever my brother may be 
'Awake' now available on vinyl 
Saying I’m grateful is an understatement. 8500 people coming together to share a beautiful moment. Love you SF. 
San Fran!!! See you tn at 
In complete awe. Couldn’t imagine a better place to start the awake tour denver. Got pretty emotional playing that set last night. 
CO! So hyped for tmrw 
Still can’t believe we sold out 1st bank center. Living a dream. I
Every time i leave an 
This weekends shows are my last ones before the awake tour so I think I’m gonna get a lil cray cray for y’all and switch it up. 
casual. also this: 
BAD BOYS up on hype machine. give us your 
 has the most kind and incredible team of people with the biggest hearts. Thank you for letting me see what you do today 
 Thank YOU 
Link in bio to shop online or pop in and visit 
3/11/15-Tian walked into our lives and settled into our 
My guy 
see you tomorrow chicago
Thanks for the love 
 happy bday sweet baby
i feel like my driver is really enjoying my 2-hour drive crunk playlist, and it warms my heart. 
We're kicking off 2018 with a brand new, intimate tour. The Real Good Life Tour starts on 2/20! This is our first headline run in over 1.5 years. Can't wait to see your faces in the crowd 
Owl you need is 
Thank you Brad 
Love my girls being in FL 
2 days! 
Puppy snuggin! 
Thank you to all those that took part in the 
This. Trying to help a friend. Stay strong 
Might be a new 
Punalu’u Black sand beach 
Can I wear this dress everyday?? 
'I Opened a Book' - if you've not read this lovely 
Sneak Peak at our team poster! 
Exciting times 
Can today and tomorrow’s work day just fly by really quick so i can go see 
HUGE s/o to ALL the amazing 
Yes, Yes, Yes 
 it’s the 
Surprise! Happy birthday, 
So much love to 
What a powerful photo. Australia is moving on 
My new single "The Sleepwalker" is out TUHDAY 
The deepest, most detailed I think I've publicly been about my mental health struggles. Please read, and remember you aren't alone. 
Ready to see what Students 
Birthday Girl 
Had an absolutely amazing time at 
Absolutely 
Just gets better and better all the time!  How could you not 
You are a kind and humble individual, 
So, so proud of you,
You are an AWESOME listener, 
Packed house at our first band concert of the year! 
Love this!! 
Haven't had a proper chance to thank everyone for the overwhelming response not only yesterday but this whole year. I appreciate all the support so so so much.


Forever grateful for this life, you amazing fans, wrestling, so much 
SATURDAY/SUNDAY SPECIAL!
Loved your response guys!
 Sending love to Jeff today 
Miss my shige
Cannot wait to see another 
This weekend at WrestleCade made me reflect and realize I am surrounded by some of the dopest people. I’m thankful for all of you. And thanks for sticking with me on this crazy journey. 
Happy birthday to all the dreams you're making into a reality today 
And I still love my wifey!! 
This warmed my
Smiles everywhere 
Don't miss your chance to hear one of the most inspirational stories ever told. Tickets are still available. 
Love these 2!! Congrats guys!!! 
whdesign.ny Has always been one of my favorite interior decorating stores in NYC 
Fall campaign 
Tag the person who's your soulmate in the sack 
GUYS I HAVE SHIRTS !!! 
I have to thank the fans that came out to 
HONESTLY KNOW PPL Will 
While waiting 4 big change let’s ensure concert goers feel free 2 scream & dance along w t music that moves them 
One of the biggest honors ever
Polish Your Poise with Madame Chic from China Citic Press 
The Madame Chic books make the perfect gift this holiday season 
Cannot wait to play my first single "I'm Alive" to you guys especially with my special feature 
Wishing you all a great day 
What a gorgeous young woman 
Thank you Pam! So happy to collaborate with you and everyone 
I adore you 
A Night Filled with Love 
Moschino’s bold studded B-Pocket bag: the newest design from Moschino’s creative director 
Moschino by 
While you're shopping, give the gift of *removing math fears* for the kids in your life, ages 0-15!  (See link in bio). 
My absolute favorite 
Waking up after a wonderful press night 
Lesson #1 Thoughts have energy. Make sure your thoughts are positive and powerful 
Yesterday's 
It's Cyber Monday! Give the gift of *removing math fears* for the kids in your life, ages 0-15.  
Uncle misses you 
Thank you Abby and Asia for making my day!! 
Fried Neck Bones And Some Home Fries! 
THIS dude 
: comprehensive approach to 
Happy Birthday baby 
DO IT ALBUQUERQUE. IF ANYONE DESERVES IT, IT'S THESE FOLKS. 

Thanks to everybody that stod by my side for the last months.Thanks to my  family,coach,teammates,Mino,DarioFort,Dahan,DrFu,DrVolker,Manutd and the most important my fanz.This was not a one man work without all of you I would not be playing fotball today Thank you and I 
 is now live with all new items 
 Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau. It has never been sung like this before.

I encourage my followers to educate themselves on mental health issues. 

And, for anyone suffering, you're not alone. 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING! 
 love y'all 
Who is ready for Family Feud?! Our last Aurora Family Feud is live tonight at 8 PM. Hosted by 
Coming back home to see our family, friends and all of Tonga was overwhelming 
FAMILY 
Congrats to our Tongan brothers  
Really thankful for everyone who enjoys and believes in this company. Without you, there is no Limitless Wrestling. 
Concert tomorrow night 7:30pm 
Thank you all guys for this week. It’s been so fun. Never stop tweeting your food, ok?
Next week you’ll see 
 My Favorite People
To the most important man in my life, Happy 60th Birthday Daddy!It is the greatest honor to carry your last name
Good morning family! Please help us create REAL safety from racist state violence 
Popped in to Parliament House,as you do, to see Senator Dean Smith on this historic day when 
HUGE Congratulations to 
A magical moment for 
Huge, and long overdue. This is fantastic news that will save lives 
It has finally happened! Families no longer have to apply to the Family Court of Australia for stage two treatment. It is COMPLETELY out of the courts. Congratulations to everyone who have fought for this. We’ve done it. Thank you for your hard work 
Great idea... can't wait to read them 
Yeah, I'm meant to be doing final novel edits, and, yeah, I'm looking for Royal Tenenbaums things on eBay. This notebook, though 
Happy birthday to my Queeeeeen! 
Show Your Kids You Love Them A 'Waffle Lot'. 
The child must find her own path. 
FriYAY and love from Pusheen and me! 
Beautiful day in Tynemouth today! I love the North East 
Don't miss this list of favorites 
Wahoo! So happy to hear this! 
If we all pointed the finger at ourselves the way we point it at others, the world would be a better place. Eid Mubarak. Love & peace 
For those who’ve already gotten access to our promo shop, they’ve got some incredible 
One. More. Day. OMG. 
Night night friends 
How anyone doesnt love animals is beyond me.
a diner meeting. Half healthy, half not. 
Little Aisha growing too fast 
Goosebumps.  LOVE WINS 
Enjoying Aotearoa with my 3 queens 
It will be worth it at the end 
Been going through some things... Take care of yourselves. Mental health over everything. Much love
My little Japanese princess 
Finally back with these cuties 
Met this little cutie in Yokohama today 
- she is a mother  
100% my brother 
Can't wait to see my girls. I love footy but it's only part of my life 
And that's a wrap my friends 2017 
Scotland 
A long-grey-haired man wearing heavy chain necklace is passing the time by knitting on this train... 
Thank you cast and crew of 
Happy birthday Mr. M. I wish there were a thousand words for love...
We're almost halfway through and we're trending in so many cities. Thank YOU, 
Readers, we 
Love seeing my "quote" in lights for this gorgeous book with my fellow 
It really is, and she really does! 
Blessings on blessings on blessings! We’re honored to be featured on 
Reality 2017: 

While you walk home at night you record and edit an podcast session with a bar owner from brasil and talk about how to deal with two concepts in a room.20 Minutes later its distributed all over the internet

love that shit 
Books— buying and selling, reading and sharing— the gifts that keep on giving! 
Happy December!!! 
 MERCY
 blogs we 
☆INSTAGRAM GIVEAWAY!☆
We are celebrating the release of 
I want to hug my @'s right now. Thank you, you guys. You are the best. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That's... thank you. 
The ladies! Lovely to see you today You are the best.
Christmas shopping with my girl 
Girlfriends, daughter & daughters of my heart, it's going to be so good! PJ's, popcorn, and the Hallmark Channel! It's a date & you're invited! 
Saw ver of this going around, of course had to play:
Best friend - 
You can add The Storm Runner to your 
Happy Thanksgiving to all the booknerds celebrating today! We’re so thankful for all our authors and readers! 
Watch the epic book trailer for my new novel LOVE STORY! 
Watch the epic book trailer for my new novel, LOVE STORY, right now at 
When twitter started I chose the tweets I favorited like fine china to be preserved for future generations and now I’m like LOL THAT CHEETO LOOKS LIKE A KITTY 
Meet Vivien Reis! She's a young adult science fiction writer working on her debut novel in Jacksonville, FL. Follow her for writerly videos and a 
So this happened yesterday! A double whammy book surprise. Thank you 
And... thank you for all the love. 
I would gladly find space in my house for a man from 
 God gave us our husbands, our babies, and each other. We will always stand back 2 back and heart 2 heart. We travel this road together. I love you
Simply beautiful! Love it
Thank you for having me on your cover and for a great interview
Love this
FAMILY-We are ok
It’s hard to say goodbye to someone. So I wrote a book about it. 
What a cool thing to do! Great job everyone. Always do what you can do to help others. 
Thank you to all the families that came out today. Thanks for all then donations to 
What a great time!!!! 
Thanks everyone for the amazing time. 
Thank you guys for all the support on No More !! Keep up the good love 
Mum had these made for my birthday today. The most beautiful 
A beautiful service for a beautiful soul 
Amaaaazzzzzzing news!!! 
Whatever the result today, love wins. 
thanks so much for your support and kind words 
Get you somebody that looks at you the way I look at the $1 slipper socks from Walgreens 
As promised here's our talk wrap-up from 
Woah. This has been overwelming. Thanks a lot 
Please show some 
I don't have the words at the moment, which I know you'll find amusing...
I miss you GW
We were a great team
Thank you 
Thank you to everyone for their birthday wishes yesterday, definitely felt the love 
The Play Service Team would like to thank 
Team Chamber at 
I've known her since I was 19 years old and she's always been there for me. So good to catch up 
I love these guys so much
  
Dress: 
Everybody please go out and support this amazing man! 
THANK YOU... to everyone for your love and support. So pleased to have made it through to next week after being in the bottom two. 
Now ready to keep working and do our Best on the floor... keep Dancing  
So much love to you both Susan and Kevin xx 
Gutted to have been bottom two. But! I always want to give my all no matter what! Taking on board what the judges said - and I’ll try my best to improve. Loving my time on strictly... it’s been the biggest blessing. A big special thank you to 
She made us laugh, cry and ponder the greatest questions of the female universe. Here are Sophie Monk's best moments! 
Our girl is in love!!
Ok decision has been made. Please welcome our elf Penny of the Palms. She is here to look over all the children of Liverpool 
Feel that 
This is why we love 
Winning 
A fun little arty delight, I’m selling at the Guildford Christmas evening. 
Say hello to the Festive Stack! Turkey, Stuffing, Cranberry Sauce & Greens stacked into a foodie frenzy with gravy on side for dipping & chips! It gets EVEN better. 50p of every festive stack goes to 
[ Evening ] 
[ Beauty ] 
[ Good Morning ] 
All the smiling faces 
The Albert Dock Love Locks 
 Meet Dancer! 
It was always for Mark 
Share something good on 
What an absolute trooper, if anyone can get through this it's him. My brothers a star, love you Bill
Please dig deep guys to help.. if you can't donate please share! Means a lot to Paul's family 
Outstanding racing by Serengeti ambassadors 
Our relationship started a while ago but it’s nice to finally make it official 
Reunited!!! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!! The most amazing early birthday surprise... I have THE best husband for organising & friends for making this weekend happen 
The ultimate throw back Thursday to one of my favourite photo's from our wedding 
One girl, one boy... and aren't they just adorable?! 
Bliss and Bert… our unlikely companions! 
WheresQuinn?! 
Note to Self: This is the good stuff 
So proud of this one and her amazing work! 
How will you 
The people in this poster and our two special guests 
I just saw 
On my way to meet 
good days give happiness 
bad days give experience
worst days give lessons and
best days give memories 
You made us all cry!! We love you Ale
Couldn't ask for a better trip! Thank you 
Be Ready For The Lightning should be on your must read summer book list! I 
We've got a different pair of leggings for every day of the week! Mix and match them with tunics for a sweet and simple 
RT if you found some great Black Friday steals this past weekend & conquered some of your holiday shopping! 
3 Gorgeous women and a lot of panties!...HAPPY VALENTINES EVERYONE! 
Must 
 LOVE this 
I love 
When our 
Surprise!!!  
Happy birthday to my main squeeze 
.               
No new episode of 
If you haven’t seen 
Leavin home with an extremely full heart 
Just saw a man give up his 1st class seat to a woman in crutches. Reminder that there is more good in the world than bad. HAPPY THXGIVING!
My best friend 
Reposting from 
A lovely morning - Diolch o galon 
Thanks, Sissle!!! 
can I put this on my cv? 
All you need is (faux) fur 
An honour to be involved ... 
This is lovely ... 
The Bellas x The Voice Top 12 = one aca-awesome music video! 
High school chums
The best thing about Fridays. Running with 
Some info 4 tomorrow in NY - amnesia scanner will play at 9pm and i'll play at 10pm. these days i'm playing between 1:30h and 2hs 
Mother's wedding 
I get by with a little help from my friends… tag ya bestie today and let em know you love em. 
Watch it with the family this holiday- yes the babies too! 
Love you Nicky thank you. 
Hope everyone is home, happy, safe and thankful!!! Happy thanksgiving to all...
Very proud of you already 
DC WHO CREW: For anyone in DC who had trouble getting their VIP Packages yesterday, check the website now! There’s a separate VIP link for that show now up and running 
VIP/Meet & Greet Package pre-sale tickets are available NOW for the final leg of the Party In The Valley Tour! Come hang w/ me at the show, get exclusive merch bundles, and an early-entry ticket! Details/tickets on my website! DON’T MISS OUT!
 is playing in Boston the day after my birthday I am BLESSED 
Our hearts are with Vegas. 
Thanks for scheduling another Denver leg with your extended tour dates! Can’t wait to see you again! 
Been a few decades,and still the coolest 
The cool kids at 
Did u know that if u text 741741 when u r feeling depressed or suicidal, a crisis worker will text with u? It's a free service. *Retweet*
 your piece on 
Love should be this simple 
Want to make a real difference in somebody's life? Don't know where to begin? All you have to do is open this 
Liftoff!  
Finally 
Please check out 
Senseless #
Photos from Saturday night at Stickyz Rock N' Roll Chicken Shack 
Why not both? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
Mixed and mastered this incredible song by my dear friend 
Yo Puppycrew! I teamed up with 

You remain, like 
Thinking of you at rehearsals today 
Had an amazing night tonight at 
Oh btw- Just to clarify, Good Enough is not on Synthesis. I played that in honor of The Open Door's 11th birthday today! 
Loved that!Thank you to those who came and gave your time (and phones!) to listen to an entire album together-so rare! 
Fire 
Big shouts to 
 Your brand has made me appreciate music and people more
I'M ON 
Damn people just dropping like flies over all these sexual assault allegations. Fuck ‘em to hell. We gots to respect our ladies 
Michigan fam u hold it down EVERY single time 
 you were amazing in melbourne on sunday night! you made me feel so empowered and l just wanted to get up there and dance with you. you’re incredible!! see you in adelaide in feb 
v v cool 
A good ting 
see you soon!! 
So honored to be named the Rising Star and stand beside such amazing women at 
 u guys
Things just got around and around here at miamimarketta 
Guess what I got for valentines dsy
We love pinchos_tapas here at miamimarketta 
Dear Ladies:

How a simple photocopy of your CV done at an internet cafe can get you sex trafficked or find yourself working as a prostitute in the streets of SA [Thread]

RT for awareness
We’re joining 110 nonprofit US news orgs to call for the public support needed to safeguard an independent press this 
What a weekend
Too much love 
It's all day TODAY and we LOVE IT!!!!!  
At rehearsal tonight for the Thanksgiving Day Parade ! 
happy holidays from tasc !!! 
Hasn’t happened in burleson in quite a while. This is a special season with a special group of players. All considered family. 
Tag your other half if they do any of these! 
 Our project pick of the day comes from 
Currently craving Portuguese cuisine 
Look what my amazing girlfriend put together while I was at work! 
Oh my I love my job. 
Such fun at Skyview's Trick or Read Reading Night!! We have the best families, students and teachers! 
Your offensive player of the year for district 9-6A is 
A great read featuring my pal 
 NEVER disappoints! One of the BEST weekends in Scotland you’ll ever have 
 working with 
So blessed to announce my commitment to play D1 volleyball and further my education at Lamar University.
SmithReads: My kinder readers would 
Everyone wants to be accepted just as they are! 
I can't love this more. Thank you for this reminder. 
District 9-6A FIRST TEAM ALL DISTRICT 
District 9-6A Second Team All-District 
Come celebrate 
Get it 
GAME DAY TOMORROW!! Come support your gals in their first playoff game at Wylie HS vs Sachse at 7pm! 
happy birthday to my favorite person ever!!! love you Matt hope it’s the bestttt
will always love 
 You ALL have the Heart of a Champion with the WILL to win!! BON COURAGE!! 
Finding the channels you 
Sure, there may be a heck of a lot of talk about weight loss and dieting and all that totally unhelpful stuff...but there is also genuine inspiration and wisdom and connection right at our fingertips. Tune into 
Excited to announce that ive verbally committed to continue my volleyball career at Long Beach City College!!Go Vikings!
Thank you Ashley!! Love you 
This is powerful. When 
Writing consultant, Alexa Obregon, here at Hemphill! So excited to have her here supporting our Hawks! 
Honoring our veterans here Hemphill! 
What do we want to see, do and create at HES ? 
English classes at Hemphill! Thank you to Ms. Romo for creating this space for our families! 
Sooooooo proud of our Hemphill Educators! 
On to the Next... Headed to Round 4!!  
A Saturday morning engrossed in science, 
From the Hurricanes 
Cain students helped at Lemm Field Day 
ing how 
Ms. Dailey Captures Kids Hearts....and her teacher's too!! 
Thank you, seniors!! 
Mother & Son. 
The cast of The Real World East Hampton. Another amazing year of the Miaritis/Titus/Rampone extravaganza. 
Heh 
 took a few moments for some baby snuggles too 
 their strength is inspirational! Thank you for having us 
 5th graders excited for 
Thanksgiving lunch at Galindo, a total success!! 
Galindo Grizzlies remember our loved ones on 
It's Day 2 of our  
Our families had an incredible time at 
We are so happy to say that through online donations and community members who donated right at 
Meeting Alfred Kirschman and working as his assistant house manager for all 4 years. Still miss you 
Another day, another contributor! Thanks, 
Rachel is awesome! Check her out. 
Mood cause I just want to come home and see my girl 
I just want the world to know that my big is bomb and too good to me. You're an awesome stage manager and amazing big 
You guys, we were stalking our page so closely and you silently pushed us past the $400,000 mark and never told us!!

You're the BEST! 
'17Mentees! Congrats
Fun!!  Right here in Fort Worth! 
This has been a labor of love that I hope to refer hundreds/thousands of business owners to in coming years! Would 
Reunited! 
loving all my new products from my first 
LAST CHANCE to show (and share!) your gratitude! Nominate a parent or parent-to-be who you’re thankful for and they could 
Individual requests at your local library can make all the difference in getting diverse books there! Ask your librarians on how to request titles! Libraries are amazing and want to help YOU and would love to hear what books you want 
Justice League was pretty enjoyable. In the first 5 minutes alone I could tell pacing was better. It’s like they took what was good about Wonder Woman and brought it over. Jason Momoa felt like an alternate reality Aquaman but I dug it. Ezra Miller stole the show 
A special note to my readers. 
Show Me Love 
thank you for your 
Armed robbers still on the loose in my hometown. Please stay safe my North Ridgeville friends 
Wool hats off to the 2,400 volunteers, starring 
Representing 
My phone auto corrects great to Great, if that’s not proof I constantly talk about Great Comet, I don’t know what is 
 is one of the most amazing works of art I’ve ever listened to. Haunting melodies and beautiful stories 
one of my classmates saw me jamming to The Abduction and she asked me what I was listening to. Cue infodump about 
One of the more special meetings this two days. Henry is 13, studying university level CS, building his own hw inventions and came to Slush. Any advice for him? 
A GIGANTIC thank you to everyone who showed up over the 43 hours of the Tucson 
Microsoft-backed web linter sonar (
You thinkin what I’m thinkin? 
Over the Seine 
My mirror 
For all my IT cell and bhakt friends- this love song is for you 
Love at first sound! That's the magic of 
ND police are fining folks for bringing supplies to camp. Please come up from the south through the Rez for delivery. Thank you
Hooked to 
I KNOW this one is going to be amazing because the title’s already got my attention - isn’t that a good sign?? GO SOHA!! 
As Indian 
Had the cutest evening 
About tonight ! 
Kyuki Yeh Jawani hai Deewani
Thank you ... 
Jamming with my fav voice 
In love with this beautiful single by my favourite 
2 Years Of Main Rahoon Ya Na Rahoon
If you love Mini and you love Speed you need an 8 port 
On children’s day....... let’s all find the child within us and set it free. Happy in the now. Unconditional 
Peep vigil at city park Nov 21. Will be BLASTING his music on my sound system. Let's all cry together and show love and try to reach closure with this loss 
NEW post | The start of Christmas shopping with a day at 
Thank you for your 
 to my first race win at 
Unilever's vision 
Some never before seen pictures 
Happy Anniversary you wonderful man! 
Hey pls follow and support ur local blk artist 
So excited to see 
Loving the new album 
Christmas is here 
I’ve also made relationships stronger. Nobody knows all that 
I’ve spent the last 3 days with my niece & they’ve been great. I’ve loved watching her & it’s honestly helped me with everything going on rn.  Thanks again for making such an amazing baby 
Support Oakland youth and donate to 
Thanks to all the lovely Streatham community who visited us today it was so lovely to meet you all, thank you for your support#streatham x
“Your greatness is not in what you have, it’s in what you give” B.Boyd 
It was such a treat to meet the beautiful & talented 
E sono 
Thanks Facebook and the  
Baltimore!!! See ya tonight!!! 8 shows left!! Philly see ya Friday! DC see ya Saturday!! Jersey see ya Sunday! Tickets 
Beautiful.
i will be joining 
It's my queen's birthday today! Show love to a real one
Rest In Peace Lil Peep. 
Thanks everyone for the messages. It's been such a hard decision to make leaving a club that I love and everyone at it. Looking forward to getting stuck in the rest of the season and show everyone how much the club and Glasgow means to me! 
MERCH! 

Finally got my package today!!

Honestly quite impressed! Love the fabric, not to mention that crewneck, soooo soft.. The packaging has improved A LOT -since I bought merch 3 years ago- ((hecc)) and it arrived faster than expected!

Thanks a lot 
Incredible performances from these young people today 
What a day. Feeling beyond fortunate to be given so many opportunities by 
Training tonight! 7pm @ Burnbrae 
Some training snaps from last night, the girls keeping up the good work 
TRAINING tonight, 7-8.30pm @ Burnbrae 
Mental health matters 
TRAINING TONIGHT

7-8.30pm @ Burnbrae 


Tomorrow our ladies travel to St Andrews to take part in the third NDL day of the season. Good luck ladies, smash it!!


TRAINING TONIGHT! 7pm @ West is Scotland Rugby Club, see you there 
Tweets stopped due to injury. The Burnbrae Belles game away with the win, score we think was 10-76. Thanks to 
Westies smashing it! (0-25) 
West Ladies score again, conversion missed (0-10) 
I'm so sorry Montréal. We are working on postponing the show. Please read this message from my 
This makes our 
This fabulous 3rd grade team delivered their first full blown ClassFlow lesson yesterday! Ss and Ts fell in 
Some Golden Corral sounds good right about now 
Amazing day at 
Still feel so lucky to be training at 
 mantra translated with Arabic subtitles. All the way from Saudi Arabia. 
That exciting memory when Tracee Ellis Ross shared your Push Through video to her page. 
Wonderful project!!! 
My 4 years here have been phenomenal! Thank you Carter-Finley Stadium & 
 Lovely evening with you lot
Fabulous Thursday workshop with 
Got to love a sweaty wild dirty dancing workshop 
Thanksgiving wish: may we have an appetite equal for turkey to tolerance & 
this time last year I was at my audition for 
The way you live your life 
So thrilled to announce our 
Just been to see 
Plant goddesses....
Jennifer & Sally
DC 
I absolutely love this leotard 
Best ending to the first term. Made some lifelong friends in the shortest amount of time 
I can’t thank all the staff and students at 
Cannot believe that our first term at 
What an incredible first term we've all had! So proud of each and everyone of you 
What a way to end our first term at Evo! Had such an amazing day ! There is so much talent and I can’t wait to see everyone after the Christmas break ! Love my Evo family soo much 
What a way to end a term, thank you to every single person for making today special for me
What a great end to term 1 
I’m sooooo excited to see 
Nail your interview! First impressions count


 cheat sheet


Seven Circles of 
Statistics for 
The state of 
Successful 
How The 
The Year of 2017 – A 
The many Applications of 
 The Force Awakens - From Past Year to 2035

The impact of 
How 
What Makes a 
7 Reasons Why Your 
 we scooped you! 
The Trap has finished its run! I’ve had such a great time! Thank you Team! 
Last night the final whistle was blown on our closing night of 
Featuring:

1) "HOWEVER, we've got a pair! So..."

2) "The absolute 4th best poker hand ever created"

3) Not often you find yourself in a "call or 5-bet situation pre-flop in the BB"


Congrats to my blood 
Utterly delighted to upload 
This was inspiring. If all my Future PDs can involve Social Justice and art 
Farewell , It's Been One Hell Of A Ride Minnesota 
A couple of my fifth grade Reading Ambassadors 
And of course puppies. Always puppies.
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀⠀⠀        I need God in every
⠀       single moment of my life 
Family
Whittier students ordered 92 
Me and my best bud 
I love when students give me homework 
My favorite kind of book display
Ss find clues at different stations about 
 today's answers to "Who is this man?" My brother My dad My favorite: because you looked important to libraries Melvil Dewey 
Ss collect clues to answer this question and unlock my box! Our library's filled with focused chaos!
Ss brainstorm answers to 3 questions. Feeling special as the most important one! 
Major S/O to everyone that came out to Jewel last night! Couldn’t be making it happen without your support 
I quite fancy doing another book - this one is SO MUCH fun! I have loved 
This book!! 
Sunday night reads from my homegirls 
Brighton toilet sign 
6 bottles of premium 
We're recovering from a very busy but successful tasting event yesterday at 
So much love for Glaister right now. 
A rare quiet Sunday morning means I can indulge & become reacquainted with my now unpacked books...1st up 
A huge well done to 
 what’s your favourite fish? Mine is definitely Skinless Cod in delicious crispy natural batter 
I’m an All Star. 
Brilliant work from lovely 
Djing at Paradise Palms in Edinburgh 11-1am tonight 
In the future...I want to be come a Dilys 
Yaaaaay Touch Trust have been recognised! 
Loving the feedback from our 
  

Sending love today and always. 
A big congratulations Karen! I loved designing and making this one of a kind flower piece! It looks amazing! 
I loved making these dresses 
So happy to announce that Sew the knot has made the finals!! I really am living my dream! 
 perfection 
One of a kind couture sew the knot veil 
 beautiful 
Loved every minute of making this couture cathedral veil, the hand detailed beading around the trim made it such a magical piece to create!
So simple, yet such a statement 
Available on 
Check Out  Black Friday sale !!!!  
Looking forward to another musical theatre trip this week....100 of us head to Edinburgh Festival Theatre on Wednesday evening. 
A special well done to S6 pupil Sarah Millar - a stunning performance at the Awards Ceremony on Wednesday evening. 
Here's a great starter for Christmas Day from 
 to all the heroes who persevere and endure in spite of overwhelming obstacles! 
The Cure - Friday I'm In Love 
Hey guys, check out the 
We are headed for the coast! See you at 
Tomorrow night at Lido Cliff Bar. All funds go to 
first up – 
How to do shinrin-yoku (forest bathing) properly this Autumn. It sounds so lovely. 
Thanks guys!!! 
Tonight’s the night! 
Man like 
Can't imagine life without 
My brain: {Hears medicine cabinet open and close. Panics.}
Voice from bathroom: "Don't worry, I'm not stealing your drugs, I'm stealing a Q-tip."
Brain: {Relaxes.}


I live off 4-5 hours sleep a night. I'm doing night classes. Riding twice a week. Radio. Djing. Producing when I get time. 2 babies under 2, reflux issues & no family around (was in care) & I still have difficult anxiety days but I'm my biggest critic. I'm happy. I'm loved. 
? See 
Do U 
Great to see our new editions of Octavia Butler’s ”Parable of the Sower” and “Parable of the Talents” on Jenn’s list of recommendations 
Berlin this weekend with 
Yesterday somebody asked me do you believe in God . I replied yes I do and he also believes in me 
26 yrs!!! 
DRIVE TIME 5/7 pm LIVE on Koollondon the official 26 years on air birthday show please share and support thank you 
Great CoGee
KOOL FM THE PAST THE PRESENT THE FUTURE KOOLLONDON 
Big love to you SusiG and the full Kool family! You gave all us lost souls a jungle to roam in together! 1
Happy 26th Birthday 
Music has given me so much .It saved my life and took me to places i would never have seen and for this i will be eternally grateful.   Thank you music 
New music up soon on the 
Its been a bit of a phenomenon & its still growing! Be a part of the 
So much hate, division and tragedy in this country at the moment. More love needs to be spread. 
Sundays are for relaxing not raving, but we've still got a brand new banger for you.. courtesy of 
Dear Person Reading This, You Are Not Alone. 
There Is Someone Out There Thinking Of You.
So Smile Be Happy Be Beautiful Be Love. 

It’s that time of year! Vote for me! Female performer of the year 
New drum and bass bangers for your weekend, today we've got new releases from  
About last night.... 
one of my fav things about being in berlin is seeing Hito Steyerl in events (usually from distance). but it makes me happy 
but why do i like berlin this much? 
I’m thankful for people who take time to listen,rt or like my beats. I appreciate you. 
Woooow you lot are very helpful thanks! I now have months worth of ambient albums to listen to 
The GIA WARNER BAND 
Our debut album proper: Colón Man out now on DDS 
Thank you oaktopiafest, Thank you Dallas 
This will be coming down soon and all profits got to Dan from 
*chirp* 
What an absolutely amazing review of our show with Vola a while back!! 
 Bjork played my track at Sonar "arriving in the oblique forms of Lanark Artefax, the maximalist Rian Treanor" ~
 to last weeks 
Y NOT YOU WERE INCREDIBLE
A snap from lights up time at our v v v fun MILK Halloween Party at 
= TICKETS ON SALE NOW = JOIN US  
=Massive response to the new tour - tickets are flying =
Reach out and grab yours now 
Tickets bought for 
We’re heading to Leeds next Wednesday to play 
We heard through the grapevine you had a belter last night Glasgow
 were fucking amazing tonight. 
Thank you for such an awesome night. 
 thank you for randomly surprising everyone at Ferens Art Gallery last night(and for remembering me) 
=ON SALE NOW=
These three intimate shows are now on sale here: 
see you in Leeds and York 
We’ve had a minute away from playing shows and we hate it. We can’t wait to see you all in December along with our 
DEAR 
 i can already tell how often im going to be wearing this, love love love it
The Darkness 27.11.17 
So glad I got to pay my respects , such a beautiful memorial for beautiful people 
I actually love her omg
Lil late but THANK YOU 
This time last week we were watching our beautiful field fill up as everyone waited for 
Montrealers with a passion for 
Watching the Johnsons all day
You are the best thing in my life 
Please join me in welcoming 
 Thank you
So excited to be a part of the 
Still bursting with pride 
I had the most wonderful time chatting to the gorgeous 
Sharpies at the ready! 
Happy birthday to my lovely tele dad 
MY WOMAN OF THE WEEK 
Miss waking up with you jezza
Sunday 19th March, get yourself down to The Phoenix Artist Club!
A fundraising concert to get 
Great list, 
My corrie fam are smashing it! What amazing eps and performances from IPD 
I miss this man far to much 
Happy International Day Of People with Disabilities 
your dad would be so proud of you 
A special day with special friends for 
 please please please could everyone vote for my amazing on screen mummy 
Thank you all so much for your lovely comments. It means such a lot! You can still vote all things 
Kindness goes such a long way. 
These girls 
In love with this print by @pinkijones in the 
Hello December my favorite month 
Massive break a leg to my beautiful wife 
Smashing day 
Look! Our lovely friends 
Thank you for our brilliant Birthday message, 
We broadcast our first ever 
On this final weekend of 
Sending love and luck across the pond to my gorgeous cast mates 
Grrrrrls weekend!! 
Still buzzing from 
Gr8 2 step back 2 the studio with ma boy 
Huge congratulations 
Thank you all so much for the nice comments and support. Sandi will be so appreciated! Lots of love to you all 
Oi! Oi! For all you Gogglers asking 
What an amazing show tonight! We 
You certainly will carn’t wait 
Oi! Oi! Gogglers. Huge thanks 4 watching last night 4.3mill viewers and 23% share 
REUNITED
Best pals come in all sorts of strange shapes and sizes... happy birthday you weirdo 
Drained after 4 unforgettably epic, laughter-filled days with my absolute favourites!... 
Nothing sexier than suit shopping with your husband!!!!! ("to be") 
Someone Will 
If you've missed 
School's out and our new kids menu is in! Keep your cheeky ones entertained at Comptoir this summer 
Did you know the best things happen while you're dancing? 
Share some Black Rhino love on Black Friday. 

I'm dead.  
Thanks to all who supported our Teen Program & their production of 
Happy National Book Lovers Day! What's your favourite book quote?
HAPPY B DAY ALEX!!! Hope you've had the best day can't wait to see u!! 
, Hollie, Sarah ... Stunners! Love them! 
Celebrating at our works Xmas party! He's back!!! 
Collin Raye's fab! He played for Runnin WJ's love offering for wheelchairs. Thanks! 
 Seizing a moment 
Nashville, NYC, Houston, & LA - I’m bringing I Don’t Believe We’ve Met to you. Limited release party pre-order packages available tonight at 7pm local time. Your order gets your name on the guest list & VIP packages include a M&G 
This article drives home the value of 
 gets better and better when our students share their thoughts on why they 
Day 64 of the 
BEST BUDDIES VALENTINE'S PARTY IS TOMORROW 
Want to know how was our summer this year? Read our end of summer blog post here and stay tuned for next year's news 
Prachi & Ipshita from 
We would like to thank 
Thanks to everyone that joined us. 
We want to also thank 
Wrap up dinner with 
Bye bye, Budapest! It was really great to spent time here w/ the lovely Ruby community, my colleagues & friends! 
Thankful for you my guy 
Love you my favorite lady 
Can't leave out 
Great seasons by our boys & girls soccer teams,thanks to the seniors for all they did the past 4 years you'll be missed! 
this week marks one year of resistance. issue 002 of 
other people might enjoy some "behind the Kiwicons" content in lieu of K11, so, like, here ya go. 
  "GOOD SHOES TAKE YOU TO GOOD PLACES" 
Summer's on its way!! 
Here’s a story to warm your heart on a cold Monday! Our 20-year-old piebald cob Flynn has enjoyed an emotional reunion with his original rescuer after 14 years apart after she spotted his photo in a national magazine article 
Great conference 
Rehearsing for this weekend’s Bernstein “Serenade” with the 
Congrats to the stunning 
Love you forever 
Miss you all already looking forward to 2018
So delighted to share this world premiere tribute to 
Carwash ! 
Tell us: Between you and your kiddos, who's more excited to see the iconic 
RT if your little one is excited to see 
 Love 
FRIDAY // FOX THEATRE // ATLANTA, GA 
Happy record release day, 
Way to be quick to respond, Rebekah! Our in-store with 
Have you stopped by to enter to win tickets to the 
This sounds like a fab way to kick off the Christmas season in Music City! 
Just goes to show one person can make a difference! What a hero 
It's 8am and on my way to work so feeling like a 
What a wonderful night! Us North Dakota girls love being 
Finally, one of the year-end lists where YOU decide the winners! Our picks include 
ITS TODAY FOLKS! 
Honored to have NPR debut our new song, "BABY"! Thanks to the badass 
This is my mother-in-law, 100-year-old Justa Lopez. 
This moment forever! 
My mum making her pupper watch the 
Good luck at the finals!!! 
A few more moments from the show 
Happy 13th Anniversary, 
Be there for the people you love if things get too hard for them to do it themselves. Everyone should be able to stay strong but that’s not always realistic & life gets really tough sometimes. A support system goes a long way. 
Adrian from 
Bleep Bloop! That's robo-talk for happy 
The difference between affection and harassment.
L.A.Who needs two tickets for sold out show tonight? 
Excited to be back in LA this Friday!! co-headlining with 
Last night was an absolute dream with 
Fantastic last Armed Forces and Families Day 
Brilliant job Nursing Div 
In one hour this fella will be joining me in studio on 
823 is coming to Melbourne next week! Featuring 
U hate me but ima always end up on yo TL 
Much love and respect to 
Thanks to all of you that have been listening to my songs, you made this happen! 
So thankful for everyone that has listened to my voice, followed my journey, and my run and gun life that turned into a music career... 
 if you have added us on Snapchat!
 if Kwincy is your favorite Fiend!
 if you're ready for a new challenge!
There are 5 hidden Fiends!  
It's Fan Art Friday! Show some 
 if you completed Whispers Quest!
Combo #5 is out now
We made it on 
And he's gonna love itttt 
TV tings with 
First piece in the new crib 
Thoughts are things, keep up the hard work!!! See you later 
Tomorrow night!!!!
The holidays are here and that means its time to bring back Christmas Angels, benefitting the kids on the wait list at 
This holiday season YOU can make an impact on a child's life by helping us with 
- R&B massive 

  This night is for you. 

  Only a few tickets left 

  Don’t miss out 
Thanks for the love Huntsville! 
Their friends knew they would fall in love before they did. Sometimes it pays to listen to your friends 
Thankful for family, friends, and all of you guys for supporting this band, you’ve helped it become its own family to all of us. So, from our family to yours, enjoy the food AND your drunk relatives’ hot takes. 
Remixed my favorite 
Daniel will be singing with 
THE OFFICIAL LOS ANGELES CARES - UNITED IN MUSIC FOR PUERTO RICO & MEXICO LINEUP IS HERE! + MANY SPECIAL GUESTS! 
This was the set we played in 2014, the first time we played together as Anika's backing band, after that, we mutated into Exploded View and now, three years later we will play Anika's tunes again at 
Check this out! Reese's Carolina Check Coat is 25% off with code MERRY. Hurry, sale ends tonight 
Say "hello" to your new holiday dress: 
What the Draper James team is 
Y'all, this is the skirt for every occasion. Dressed up or down, it's your go-to bottom this season 
IT'S A WRAP!! A huge thanks to our AMAZING Guests, Co-Hosts, and 
New sign up in the window at my mom's store in Berkeley.  
Children of Privilege. A new cover of a 
Warmest 
OMG I LOVE IT!!!!!!! 
love won't you stay with me 
my highlight at 
THIS WAS GREAT. I 
Happy 77th Birthday, 
Please pray for 
WOW!!!  I just 
Makes my 
 Switching between laughing my ass off and ugly crying at 4AM in the morning. Thank you for everything 
I got a spare ticket for 
 Don’t you think it is time you joined in to help 
Our QB 
HI. IF YOU READING THIS.. YOU MIND GIVING THIS A RETWEET? 
Thanks to our 
Voting for homecoming court is open!! Be sure and go vote for these awesome BCM-ers 
thanks sis
Tonight we'll be counting goals, not sheep

Sweet dreams, Atlanta 
My single "PRESSURE" is Out on 
Great fun meeting with 350 
 had to attend our niece's wedding in Rome, but she is still flashing Wolves Up from Vatican City! 
Look who I had the pleasure of meeting today. 
It's never easy saying see you later to friends but when you know they're off to keep changing the world it's a bit better
Officially a picture wrap...what a beautiful experience 
thank you
 best dude 
So proud of my lil sis. It was such a beautiful weekend. Exactly how you wanted it to be
 ,pls follow lovelives_h to find out about the new Crack!
OU Fb making it look easy!
Happy birthday to my best man 
Just in time to spoil your loved ones this Christmas. 


Check out and contact us
The latest 
May everyone have a happy festive season. Party responsibly. Ezase 
Thankful to have my momma back 
Oh my word. Dankie Cebo shem. I appreciate the love
Our publishing friends 
please donate or share my post, I'd gladly appreciate it! thanks 
happy birthday brendan 
 Part 1, part 2 & part 3 (swipe). When you see Lu monarch_strength_ bringing FIYA to… 
At Kodak Hall today for a Nutcracker preview! Tickets and info: 
A friendly reminder that we have Parent/Teacher conferences on Friday, 12/1.  Dismissal is at 11:05.
Congratulations to our fourth graders and Ms. Salustri for a splendid holiday concert!
So proud of our Crompond staff collaborating and thinking deeply about our strategic questions during our staff meeting.
Our grade four choral concert takes place on Tuesday, 11/28 at YHS beginning at 6:30. Our students are very talented.
Our Crompond family is looking forward to seeing all our students tomorrow!
Quote of the week: "Only I can change my life.  No one can do it for me."
Happy Thanksgiving to our families!  Our Crompond family wishes you much love and happiness.  We look forward to seeing you all on Monday!
Quote of the week: "I am thankful for every moment."
We had a fabulous PTA meeting today at Crompond.  We are so proud of our parents who were involved in the ESTEAM Challenge of creating a spider web!
Thank you Ms. Almeida for working with our fourth grade team!
Quote of the week: "Be happy for this moment.  This moment is your life." 
A friendly reminder that there is no school for K-8 students due to Parent/Teacher Conference on Tuesday, November 7.
Quote of the Week: "PATIENCE-the gift of seeing past the emotion."
Congrats to our Board of Education for your devotion to our students, staff, & community. We are truly blessed to have you lead the way.
Quote of the week: "The best preparation for tomorrow is doing your best today."
 was a great success AND lots of fun! We 
Happy Birthday beautiful boy 
I just saw Paddington 
That's my fav Elton song 
Oh my gosh! The Little People of Manitoba just brought us almost $1500 in toys! They had a Halloween party last month and entry was a donation to 
We got Taylor tickets 
Taylor’s album has been released and so has the John Lewis advert - what a day! 
Do you 
Sally Ann is here thanking everyone for their amazing donations to 
Thank you so much to our dear friend 
For the 
The Secret Sister is back! 
My sweet pal 
 love his YouTube videos
If you know Ezza well you'll know this is a special one! Debuting tunes from our upcoming record. 
Living proof of when you have confidence you can do everything: 
We are live with 
'Wild flower, how do you find happiness? Just listen to your heart and live in simplicity' 
The view from the hotel  room 
 except behind a barrier 
Check out my new song "A Seed Takes" on 
RePost from 
Thank You
Good Morning Monday
Coffee & Cigarette 
New Work
NEYO FANS ALL OVER...Thanx so much for your love and patience. Expect new releases from the GOOD MAN album around the top of the new year. Just had to get things all the way right for you
Everyone is fighting a battle....everyone. Let’s be 
Good morning Ron!! Much love!
Good morning And happy Sunday to all! Much love to you!!
 I SO love this song 
We’re dedicated to supporting and celebrating a community of badass female founders 
Congrats to all the winners from the 
Last week, before the 
Thanks for the very generous offer.  I won’t be taking advantage, but I’m donating 
Kick off the 
2day 4-6pm on 
Took some images for 
Mistakes (ft. 
My new single is getting played for the first time ever on 
ICYMI - Revolution exclusive!! 30mins in, one love to Premium Blend 
Happy birthday to our beautiful Mariin. Everything she touches turns to 
Whatever you do, do it with LOVE 
CONGRATULATIONS AUSTRALIA 
Excellent last rehearsal tonight for this lovely programme. Come along this weekend - your ears and soul will thank you! 
Just when I thought 
Thank you Abby and Asia for making my day!! 
I said I wanted a beignet... and he made me one. 
My heartbeats 
donatella_versace 
Uncle misses you 
THIS dude 
Did you know you can help nonprofits just by filling out surveys?
A whopping 89% of people in the U.S. have donated to nonprofits this year –– and many say they plan to support 
Senior dogs get overlooked in shelters all the time, but they make the most loving, BEST pets in the whole world 
I'm always so humbled to be in your presence 
Gentle giant 
Congratulations Kim to you and your family on your new arrival
Milennials 
When you’re catching up on 
Thank you friend 
We had an amazing time at 
I 
Ed Sheeran & Beyoncé = 
My husband's next film set to be released in 2018! Stay tuned for 
Rest easy Gord. Thanks for the music and the  memories. 
Last chance: Help us reach 1st place by giving 
Please help us Call It Off climb the chart on 
That's a wrap! Thank you 
Dear Mom,
It's my first time back @worldseriesofficial since 1988. Not only am I old enough to remember now, I'm not leaving early. 
8 Trees.

9 Feet Tall.

750 Glass Ornaments. 

1,500 Tree Lights.

The Liberty Hotel has installed eight fully decorated upside down Christmas trees suspended from its 90 foot rotunda ceiling for the holiday season.


Okay. One more bc his dance is adorable. 
HI FAM

Thanks to 
 back 2nite w/Kristen Wiig! On top of that, we have a very special surprise. Beware spoilers, watch live. Love, Will 
So much fun being back at 
 waited my whole life for tonight!! So excited to see you perform. The UK has missed you 
Many thanks to 
Box of 
Mayors, should you launch a policy lab? 
Happy Early Halloween & Happy Birthday Gorgeous 
 for the people of Grenfell and the wider community 
My best friend, my ride or die, my beyond talented love has a new book out today! 
Ah Emma 
Thank you 
This is 
Peer supporters helped me carry on breastfeeding through two kiddies with posterior tongue tie and lots of pain!Changed my life, and so I became a peer supporter too, with the NHS 
Loving the feedback from our 
We'll be at 
To celebrate our oat bar launch into 
We discussed about the art of midwifery with an amazing group of midwives 
Amazing HoopTone Fitness team.. still looking good post-workout! Have a great weekend everyone... 'do what you love' ...
Great game tonight from both teams
That 
4 games in 5 days. Yes ! The greyhounds did it. Got beaten up but we fought hard and went 3-1 this week. I love my greyhounds 
We 
Never truly understood it when people said 
Always proud of you Zaza! 
My little brother is the funniest person I know, and I could not fathom a life without him....so please REGISTER & RETWEET, his donor may be on your timeline!!!
Our Christmas List is here cake lovers 
They’re here...Happy Saturday cake lovers 
Share the love this Christmas 
THANK YOU SO MUCH GUYS!!! 
What better reason for cake and coffee this 
Read the story and watch the 
Art & Music stimulate & heighten the senses, makes us capable of great things.
Fabulous #silver#gemstone#Rings#Marla#Jones#Durham#Markets#
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
 Personal 
RT if you love 
Zaytoun olive oil is in stock in our shop! And was also recommended for quality recently in 
This is a BIG mix to end the show on. Thank you 
 my 
One of the many reasons I love my job is the fact that I have made friends with some incredible people. 
Sending a message for my 
Oh 
Big up 
This is our 
I’ve been over here on the other side of the world waiting very patiently to hear this album. What a masterpiece! Thank you so much 
Moments like this 
You are so awesome Molly!! 
8/12/17, I am doing an exclusive set 
Some lovely words for our new album, Songs From The Stage 
So excited to reveal our brand new single, I'm Every Woman. Originally from 
We asked people in 
HOODRICH VOL 3 OUT NOW ON ALL DOWNLOADABLE STREAMING SITES!!!

THANKYOU TO EVERYONE INVOLVED, WORDS CANT XPRESS 
"Never Give Up" from 
Perfect for anyone on your list this year 
I fucks with this 
Saw 'Cost of Living' by  
the best partnership.. gonna miss you both dancing this week
Insane. Wouldn't be possible without you guys 
THANK YOUU 
It's the first one you'll hear :) promise 
It was truly amazing. 
I Fall in Love Too Easily. The Album. Available now on 
Red is the go to color this season 
: Hang out & write a song w/ 
Did you see 
Stockholm we love you!!!  Always way too short of a visit.  
Heartfelt 
Thanks Facebook and the  
Baltimore!!! See ya tonight!!! 8 shows left!! Philly see ya Friday! DC see ya Saturday!! Jersey see ya Sunday! Tickets 
Beautiful.
Thankful to have my momma back 
The story behind 
We felt the 
Lilli is growing up 
Just because I love my amazing Mom Connie Nelson. Thanks Mamamia for being you. 
Big Mama Louise 99yrs old and Papa Bear 
Lol you cheating I still got some hours left but thanks ZI 
Lilli 
Blessed to announce my commitment to Delaware State University. Thank you to all who made this possible
RT IF YOU LOVE  YOUR GIRL 
I'm thankful for all the opportunity that God has brought into my life for me to become the best version of myself. I'm thankful for my family, friends, boyfriend, and all the love and care I've received on my journey.This is only the beginning. Thank you all
Two years ago at 
IT'S BEEN A RIDE! It’s been an honor to play on some of the biggest stages on this journey, and to play in front of an amazing community like QO. I also want to take time out to say thank you to all those who rode with me till the end. #
 last nights vibes 
  performance of the night goes to this lady
The weekend is devoted to CELEBRATING THE LOVE OF MY LIFE.  Happy Birthday Beautiful (You never looked better HOTTER than ever!) 
All present for you today 
YESSSSS !! F2 world championnnnn!! 
HHS Senior Night! Great final regular season game Bailey.   
Happy birthday, we miss you
The Earnhardts 
Watching his "Pops" be "Dr. Phil" 
Thank you so much for signing mine!
 with my 
3 years since the accident. I was exactly at the same track as I am now when it happened. We miss you and we'll never forget you 
These replies 
Back where I belong 
Reality 2017: 

While you walk home at night you record and edit an podcast session with a bar owner from brasil and talk about how to deal with two concepts in a room.20 Minutes later its distributed all over the internet

love that shit 
Recuerdo de Amor. 
Never change who you are just because you are afraid of losing them. If they really love you, your imperfections won't matter. 
Grab your copies of our book 
Thank you for watching, Kapamilya!!! 
POP Heartthrob, POP Sweetheart, & POP Movie Winners - 
BLIZZCON HYPE!!! Rocked out in my Necro yesterday!!! Huge thanks to 
The outer circle represents the 36 tracks. The inner circle is the 16 championship drivers and the solitaire diamond is the champion, MTJ 
Thank you so much Ricky. That means a lot 
 received the sweetest thank you note from 
Nothing beats singing your heart out to your favorite artist with some of your closest friends
San Francisco will hold a special place in my heart after last night. 
Thank you to the 
Love this dress for Valentine's Day 
Good morning Barcelona. You always are good to me. 
Happy Shoesday Tuesday 
So chic _moda_md 
Today at the 
 available at 
@nikkirostecki 
 from sharpandchic in 
Beautiful 
Thank you for all your support
I love me and other people love me too 
Isn't it beautiful 
Queen Zuri put a song out today I’ve been waiting for this 
Thank you so much for having me and for all that you do 
Congratulations to the new 
You get what you give 
You guys can officially sign up for my website! I have been working on it for months.  Go to 
My bday boy 
Forever loving this sweatshirt thx 
 will always be home!

Laundry will always be home!

What a crazy weekend! 
I love partying with you lot! 
Awh thanks dude 
Never Say Die Volume 5 is SO FUCKING GOOD. Jesus Christ. 
Man like 
EVERYONE GO WATCH HER NEW VIDEO
MERCH! 

Finally got my package today!!

Honestly quite impressed! Love the fabric, not to mention that crewneck, soooo soft.. The packaging has improved A LOT -since I bought merch 3 years ago- ((hecc)) and it arrived faster than expected!

Thanks a lot 
Max, Lulu & Wally are dishing out a bit of 
Thank you so much to the wonderful people at 
Finally got the archive uploaded, over 130 tunes from 2011-16 all FREE! Much love to everyone 
Oh my GOD mate! Right back atcha. You total boss lady and flippin Queen! 
Love you brotha. See you soon 
You're the strongest dude I know. Much love to you and your family, always! 
Tomorrow!!
United for life 
Happy Independence Day to all my Jamaican family, friends and supporters. Much love!!
Whoever is coming I'll see you at Victoria square in Birmingham at the "Jamaica in the square" event around 2 at the 
See you there on Sunday if you can make it
Planning to wake up super early so I can catch 
THANKYOU 
Buy a loved one a pretty heart bracelet this Valentines
I love it 
Thanksgiving Lions game! Thankful for y’all 
Skai Jackson looks beautiful in these newly posted selfies on Twitter! 
Miss you guys 
Repping the Five Stripes in Spain! We 
We really 
About last night.... 
Throwback to one of the best nights of the year! 
Today is 
Such good vibes, big
The encore, such a special night 
 words spoken and 
Thank you!! 
Meet Dilla. Latest addition to the misch family 
 

been a fan for a minute. Thank you for the dope music. 
5 years today. Happy anniversary my darlings 
NEWS we think Rosie is very near 
 any chance of sharing this tweet to help my friend & his family raise money to give the best possible Christmas present to Jack 
Thank you so much bro, keep doing your thing g bound for greatness 
Bring it 
Want to take the time to thank each and every one of you who clicked the link, replied, commented, retweeted... and just enjoyed it. Together you made my little article the most read piece on 
A big thanks and much love to our amazing artists 
Took the girl 
Photo on 
@StopYouTurnt soooo sweeeeeet!!! Thank you 
@maxine_beiny 
Love it 
VOGUE BEAUTY by duncan_killick With the legend 
Major congrats to 
Tea time with 
“Find what you love and let it kill you” 
Blessed to be part of all the love at 
This puppy couldn't stop crying out in pain when anyone came near him because he'd never felt a gentle touch. But then he met this woman 
Thank you so much for your support. It means the world to us 
Back in SF on Sunday for my residency at the one and only @staminasundays 
In the spirit of 
He’s a giant bull with an even bigger heart. 
The 35th Annual 
Incredible to see both DRF’s VCWiz and 
In Riviera Village cheering on my granddaughter Isabela! Her Girl Scout troop is walking in the Holiday Stroll 
I love these people 
I'm kind of (super) obsessed with this. Fresh food is so important 
Thank you. 
Service begins tomorrow! 
You're never alone, Lena. 
It’s stories and shows like 
We are proud of this family. 
The artwork for my trilogy vinyl box set entitled "Growth".

All previous albums available for stream and purchase tomorrow as well. 


I present to you our submission for The Tommy Award. Enjoy
Check out my favorite holiday picks from 
Had a lovely afternoon 
Thank you for having me today 
On the way to see all the bakers 
We must help spread some Liverpool love 
Glad to help. 
Had a blast at our 
Manchester, what a beautiful sweaty mess last night was. To everyone who gave themselves to the cause, we love you 
I had a fantastic day, but now I am off to rest! Thank you to everyone who attended my Business Breakfast Event this morning 
Victorian Christmas! Carol singing, accordion playing, stories on a canal barge, steam engine, mince pies, fresh popcorn, Burleigh pottery, mulled wine, play with clay, late night shopping, festive lights, bonnets & baskets. Only at 
One thing we love in Stoke is all things 
I bloody adore 
Went to see the 
Thankyou to 
If theatre shows were 
BREAKING NEWS! Following 
It's here! So proud of you Dad
First BUCS games of the season today!
1sts (home) v 
So looking forward to reading "T'was the night before Christmas" for 
Huge congratulations to Prince Harry on his engagement to Meghan Markle 
Happy with the 3 points 
Good Vibes Only 
A 'Good Day' to all on this fine 
our wonderful mountain 
Amazing evening at 
Happy 50th birthday to the legend above that is Eamonn Dolan. Reading FC legend, ECFC legend and Football legend. 
This makes all the hard work worth it!
No 1 support team. 
My new single CALL YOU MINE is out now! What do you think?! 
I’m gonna love you forever. Forever and Evans, Amen. 
SHOUTOUT TO 
Thrilled to win Best Community Event of the Year for our Beach Event 
I will never forget this concert. Pavel was right when he said that you were on fire! Thank you for such a tremendous night! 
 still on a different planet after your amazing performance last night. You was incredible. Feel so happy. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. 
Delivering Emergency Life Saving Skills, Heartstart 
Yes Kate 
Love this team 
Last two shows for 
Love from all of us to all of you. He was an incredible man.
We are very, very thankful for you guys. 
 new music by David Lee Murphy = !!!!!
Here’s a short film I made with and inspired by my grandfather Rance Howard; a true romantic who lived an epic life with creativity, integrity and love. 
Happy Thanksgiving to you! 
Had SO MUCH fun doing this video with our mom! 
"okay 1 more song" was tonight's catchphrase because you'd say it, play 3 more songs and then repeat 
YOU guys made me love this song by singing it with me! Xoxoxox 
So excited to be back 
It’s been so worth it 
2-foot-long pizza from 
Youuuuuuuuu crowsssssss 
Local heroes and passionate supporters of ours come together February 9th. We'd 
Check out the lovely ladies on Forever Manchesters stall today at The 
5. Chocolate chocolate chocolate, Belgian chocolate is the best, loving 
Dry hands from the cold weather? Not with Ultimate Strength Hand Salve.  
 is a reminder that although we've come so far in fighting HIV/AIDS, we still have a long way to go. Our 
Just a few of our favorite things. 
Beast mode 
Diane Brown, Founder and President of RxArt, welcoming our amazing supporters at the 
Wowww I can't believe I have been nominated for 
Three test matches. Three different challenges and three wins. Shout out to 
A truly special night last night at MND SA Track classic for 
A happy day from start to finish down under! 
Aaaawwww
"I 
We're dedicating 
Thank you for this AMAZING HONOR!!! I’m BLESSED to be part of this sport that WE ALL 
This is my chum 
In just three months, our volunteers packed 61,152 disaster relief boxes for hurricane victims. We 
He can't walk yet, but definitely knows how to take steeple barriers 
So proud of these amazing women! Way to wear the turquoise with pride!! 
You did a great job, honey, as always! 
You made us all so proud today dad
Please help our MD Adam raise as much money as possible 
You're so welcome ladies! Love y'all and ball out this year too! 
Representing 
My phone auto corrects great to Great, if that’s not proof I constantly talk about Great Comet, I don’t know what is 
 is one of the most amazing works of art I’ve ever listened to. Haunting melodies and beautiful stories 
one of my classmates saw me jamming to The Abduction and she asked me what I was listening to. Cue infodump about 
Sat in central library and a girl waiting for her friend has Just decided to play the piano. Beautiful. I love this city. Whoever you are, thank you. 
So incredibly excited to be working with 
Inside 
There's always a hug waiting when you're a Loose Woman 
Proud to unveil new banner 
Happy 10th Birthday to Happy Bennett! Love Tony and Susan! 
Let's share the 
..... and on the booze tonight 
Yesterday Cape Verde Day 1: I've been allowed on social media lol It's beautiful here! 
 Hen Wlad Fy Nhadau. It has never been sung like this before.

Linking up with my Bestie
Don't be like that Sia 
Wow thanks that's incredible guys 
Thanks 
Late night chats with his awesome gal 
listening to my favorite leahshoshanahmusic 
All the works been done. Ready to go again 
Oh my God what a God I serve 
Family is everything 
Cant get enough of 
So much love for this 
Nice! We 
Cute 
Talented kids - The Skyscrapers 
So many people being brought together by the love of nature and a willingness to keep it clean. 
Thank you Seb! 
Amazing! 189 people have given so far! 
Tommy with yesterday's certificate for the "Special Mention Award" from the 
Goes out once... (
Nutcracker on Ice for us 
Every gift to the Fossey Fund saves a gorilla and changes a life. Share this post if you’ve already made a gift to protect gorillas on this 
Tamu's infant Ubudasa, whose name means “remarkable”, was born a little over a year ago. Ubudasa is one of the many remarkable gorillas who needs your support today. 
Team Notflix 
Dinosaurs 
Order a signed copy of Hearsay30 on CD at 
Morning my fellow South Africans! After all the "drama" & hatred that spread yesterday, let's spread some 
Amazing night seeing 
Go and see these two comedy GENIUS'!!! Bloody brilliant the pair of them!!! 
Four years ago 
Come see these two all weekend! 
My Friday night off work is going great 
Gotta 
Thanks to everyone who submitted your fan art for the "chosen family" contest! Proud to announce the winner, Kelly from Knoxville, TN! Her "You Are Loved" design is now featured on a tee that benefits 
Goodie Bag! if you're down with it, pass it alooong 
Our 4 part crossover continues tonight on 
So much love it’s amazing! Crushing it 
Zoë got spayed. Just love her so much 
Flash Friday’s with 
First dress I tried on for Iris’s wedding was a keeper! 
Awwwwwww! Sending 
Really excited for this one to come out! Gonna be epic! 
Thanks, Carrie!! 
SOS by Abba from 1975  Seaside Special is perfecto 
I fcukin 
Love Unlimited on 
My dad died 6 days after my daughter was born...I spoke at his funeral but didn't cry til I heard The Living Years the following Father's Day...even tho he knew how much I loved him 
Stay With Me Til Dawn by Judie Tzuke is just beautiful 
The U.K. is where I got my start, seems fitting that the tour should end here. Leeds-Glasgow-Manchester-Bristol-London, my final 5 shows 
 Join the Love Revolution and let’s celebrate, so we can do something together for a better world! 

 - Thank you all for already joining the Love Revolution! See you in August! 
lifetime pass 
When you little brother is having the time of his life in panto he’s loving every minute with 
We're expanding our Norway tour in february! Come dance with us 
Alright moonerz! Our acoustic EP is out today! It’s like the normal songs but way more angelic. Let us warm your hearts 
USA TOUR ANNOUNCEMENT

Tickets available 10am local time from slotface.no 
Bydd wych!  
Top night 
 and me with the pooches before Scala. such a wonderful uk half of the tour 
Great first week in rehearsals with this lovely talented lot & the rest of the wonderful cast & crew 
Buzzin with the video to our new single See Each Other Right 
Buzzing for 
Can't wait for this show with 
The perfect juxtaposition 
"This is an intense album built from a fine sensitivity, a choreographic work, sincere, without repetitive elements, without paying attention to the easy listening, the commercial, the stuccoing". thanks to 
Hey fam. It’s here. Stream Costero on 
Plaid dresses are pretty much the best 
So grateful for all the love already. You really are all the best. We all hear music with unique ears. I’d love to know what parts strike you the most. (and if you dig it consider sharing a 
SO sweet! 
3 MOBO’s, love you all, thank you 
Thank you so much kind CDMX audience at 
HUGE ANNOUNCEMENT!! Coming soon 
Everything else is a blur. This girl is my motivation 
Earlier 
Songwriting fuel 
Had such a good time doing a track by track interview with 
NEW LIVE SESSION SATURDAY! 
port A. Hoping for the best for the effected gulf communities.
We
QUEEN DAYYYYY 
B L E S S I N G . 
Had to show some love on 
Romantic dinner time!!!
It's a pleasure working for you and being part of this fantastic team!!!
Commission: Rogue! 
Italian Hearth
An interview of some days ago! 
Mission accomplished! 
Work, work, work
Taking a little break before getting back to work...Home sweet home
Finally Dc Comics Bombshells arrived in Italy! 
So proud to be part of this team!
Love you mom 
 I still know every word to every song on your debut album 
My 3 apies 
Love Jesus. He’s done everything for you. 
God is 
Chrissy babe 
6 Single Eyeshadows I’m Currently Loving 
Rest in peace Bradley Lowery, such an inspiration to us all 
Happy Blogmas bloggers! Send us your blogmas links so we can share them 
I trust you all had a great evening 
Only a few days left until Mother's Day!! If you need any last minute gift inspiration check out my latest post 
Officers took part in 
Calling all volunteers! (and bananas): Fancy lending a hand on race day, 25th Feb? We'd 
It's the first day of the festive period! How will you focus on kindness this holiday season? We'd love to hear  
How I miss this one, just a few more days and I'll be home gavaza_nyakane 
So here we go... I'M GOING ON TOUR! I'm SO excited to see you all around the country. Tickets go on sale at 10am from 
Another fabulous painting by Dad! If you want to see more of his work check out 
If you’re missing your 
 Download our app and book a restaurant for the easiest (and tastiest!) way to make a difference. 
Low on 
I think this is our best year yet! 
My bro
And they're off! 
Shine up and shimmer 
Back in the office and we are back up and running. I’m doing my best to restock my products 
Listen to my Handsome gorgeous son Junior 
Cute but think my Junior better 
Omg love these. Cosy night in with my babies 
Home time! 
Thank you 
Yes it's our last night run for 2017! Wednesday 6 December 
Beautiful Mountain biking leg 18km for our Kinetic Adventure 25km in total this Sunday! PLUS 1 lucky winner to walk away with a Merida Bike
Last meetings discussing TV opportunities for India
Just been to this film, it's a must see feel good film with laughter and tears. Well done to the Collins girls .Loved it 
 Make more of these wonderful funny films
When you watch 
Have a great last 2 shows  
Sooo excited about this!!!! Miley will be soooooo excited!!! 
 at home feeling poorly and just watched The Time of Their  Lives on 
Omgosh 
= TICKETS ON SALE NOW = JOIN US  
=Massive response to the new tour - tickets are flying =
Reach out and grab yours now 
Tickets bought for 
Our lovely label 
We had so much fun covering Tom Petty last night!! 
~3 yrs in, 425K customers x- US, UK, CA, AU etc. not scrambling, dedicated to 
Many big hearts don’t have half as much love as her little heart
South Africa has 2 Best Sporting Moments featured in November.  Show some 
Love this boy! 
Thankss so much for this beautiful gesture .. 
Spectacular musical 
We love Vicky Sampson 
The stage is on fire with Heavenly Quartez! ,
Mom how abt that as ur bday gift??
My thoughts and prayers are with the strong and resilient people of Iraq and Iran 
Grey't news! 
A different look to our jersey today thanks to 
I am so very thankful for these 17 turkeys 
love won't you stay with me 
Hit 
This Is How Real Men Shoot Animals 
Well after a month of wedding celebrations it’s back to work and to one of my favourite events of the year, hosting 
One mo’ time.... 
We are bonded through the Music. We are family 
A huge day of Championship Football at BC Place with 
This is my baby right here too 
A very supportive & beautiful post by injeel_thebeautyblogme
・・・
Happy Friday loves! 
We created a non-profit ngo based in Greece to continue our work with refugees! 
: Superstar, Abu has the entire crowd singing to “Talat Da2at” - the one song every single Egyptian knows by 
Don’t forget to tune in to the Soul Train Awards today at 8/7c
Pleasure to speak at 
 has been for this....please watch - 20 years of this amazing local charity, help them 
Good Morning! Have a fab Tuesday 
How adorable is 
I'm so thankful that 
Fantastic to have 
In collaboration with 
What is a 
Little things in our eyes can be seen as big things in others. Let’s be kind 
No, you’re crying.
This book is for you all 
I love my job 
Few footy seasons ago but it was a weekend that lit the fuse for where I am today, enjoy the 
Unfortunately today was not the day for our story to be heard. Due to breaking news our story was cut off live tv. The royal wedding will go ahead however mental health issues will always remain 
Still hiding in bed after last night's festivities. 

Thank you 
Proof that I 
Swim your worries away 
Do you have a lane? You have a chance. 
Balancing the treats with goodness here with our shades of pink 
Sunday organisation with our travel cases // 
This lunchtime I peeked at 
The fountains are red at Barker’s Pool for 
This pic didn’t get the love I thought it deserved on Insta so sharing on here in the hope it will get some! 
Spectacular ice carving taking place at 
 I had a great night volunteering for actionagainsthunger on Tuesday! If you’d like to… 
Fabulous playing from the Dobcross Youth Band 
Who are these garters by?!?! 
The lovely 
We just love having you both (every time!) 
Thank you so much for coming to eat with us and for your lovely words!! Please come back soon 
Thank you for dining with us, loved meeting you! 
Let's show BIG love for the brilliant 
D-2 
Menu are getting finalised. 
Can not wait to share some aperitif love 
This is why we love 
Don't look now! 
Have you tasted 
Looking forward to playing at 
BBC Showcase 2017 
We are still catching up with all the tweets sent so far today about 
Yes to this! 
What a player 
There is a reason why 
I did a photoshoot for my good friend 
Studio nights with 
Soundcheck finished at Scruffy Murphy’s, Birmingham. 
Catch our set from 9pm! 

Just heard our single “Lay Me Down” is being played again on 
This is going to be a real moment at the next 
Our boys 
This is a wicked trio of artists to be up for this. It could easily go 3 ways and still be interesting 
This is the thing! I promise I'm not as evil as I look in he picture. I am honestly so excited to be part of this exciting season 
Our new custom white board from @likebuttermelbourne - thanks guys, we 
Give a warm Dingle welcome to 
Thank you!!!
Can’t BELIEVE I just got to play at 
Tonight is my last gig in Dublin for 2017. 
Local Garda said to me that there’s people spilling in the doors to register to vote. 
Rebecca 
We want to make sure that every young person we house has a present to open on Christmas morning and can enjoy a festive dinner. Please support our Love in a Box appeal and help make it happen
Planning a trip to Dublin 
Always love sharing insight into our process here. Great tips from some of our friends, too! Thanks 
The dreamy 
Thanks for the love, 
? 
My sweet pal 
 Italia 
Much 
 Jeanine
Looking forward to joining 
Dinner prepared by me with 
The people of Australia have said YES to 
‘Science is not finished until is communicated’= 
Wonkery with a big heart, this piece 
I'm blushing! Thank you again! 
My mom is the bravest, coolest, and funniest person I know. When I grow up (I’m still pretty young ALRIGHT?!) I want to be as strong as her. I love you, 
So, yesterday I sang in front of a few thousand Japanese skating fans and TBH it was pretty awesome. (Thank you 
We chit, we chat. We talk about Adam's pop star career. Happy 50th 
Happy Worlds AIDS Day 
Proud to be from Virginia today. Congrats 
"WTF Just Happened?!? 
A beautiful night! Thank you for the honor 
Thank you so much for honoring my music & the service I’ve been allowed to do & in the company of an esteemed group of Rock Solid Women! 
See you all at 
My happy dance! Haha I won tonight’s 
HAPPY PALM SPRINGS PRIDE!! 
IGNITE. DEC 2ND. UTAH’S LGBTQ+ YOUTH SUMMIT. 
My god the millennials that have taken over Arlington wouldn't be able to handle us going up and down that strip like we used to! Miss you tons! 
i’m so fucking proud of you!!! you’re so successful and you deserve it all. 
Love YOU 
Repost from one of our instagram followers.. We'd love to see you there too! IG: babywale_dc 
 restaurant workers- this one’s for you! Enjoy drink & appetizer specials 8-close while raising money for 
Thanks for coming back tonight and live 
Heart broken. We need to keep educating so this damn country unlearns it’s colonized ways. We need to keep working to protect our womxn, our children, our elders, our survivors. We can be safe on our own territory. We can be safe on turtle island.

Safe travels Marlene. 
We’ve partnered once again with Helping Heroes of America! We’re sending 600 packages of 
Members, we 
We'd 
This baby squirrel got caught on a thorn and was dangling up high in a tree. Rescuers knew they had to save his life 
 if you're ready for a new episode of 
 is incredible tonight on 
Check this out! Reese's Carolina Check Coat is 25% off with code MERRY. Hurry, sale ends tonight 
Say "hello" to your new holiday dress: 
Happy Thanksgiving! We are thankful for you. 
What the Draper James team is 
Y'all, this is the skirt for every occasion. Dressed up or down, it's your go-to bottom this season 
Happy Thanksgiving! 
Old dogs need homes too 
YAY! 
Love these 2!! Congrats guys!!! 
Thanksgiving wish: may we have an appetite equal for turkey to tolerance & 
 has the most kind and incredible team of people with the biggest hearts. Thank you for letting me see what you do today 
 Thank YOU 
Make sure you follow us! We're here to help you grow! Tag us 
LIVE, playing 
Because I feel like posting a 
Aweee I love this 
Indie Friday is here! Anyone else got an extra special 
Go show some 
This definitely describes you Ms. Bree 
Everyone follow 
 today is a very special day!! It is the one and only 
Rest in peace 
First off thank you so much for all your love & support means so much to me
Huge shoutouts!
I want to thank everyone who has supported me throughout the my time streaming! I can’t wait to continue this amazing journey and pursue further heights. I love you all!
Switching to Cards Against Humanity! Come join us and have some laughs! 
Gaming Memory! 
❝Do you have milk for this kitty?~
We still goin strong reached our sub goal in the very first day of being live thx fam
We will be completing all sponsorships forms that has not been 100% completed! We were really busy with personal stuff
today marks 8 incredible months with my best friend, I love you 
We have over 100 people on our stream for the first time ever. Thanks for watching. 
One of the coolest things I got to bring home from 
If anyone following me on here hasnt stopped by my channel to check it out and drop a follow, that would be much appreciated! 

If you are also a streamer, let me know and I'll follow back and stop by your stream!


Good luck this weekend 
Can't wait to have this view again at 
Good luck to everyone today! 
My notifications have been absolutely destroyed. Thank you all for the warm wishes and messages of congratulations. Twaz and I have warm good feels because of you all. 
Falling in love
It’s go time I’m live in 10 and it’s splodes splodes splodes
Had a awesome day thank u for the raid 
Elf on the shelf got drunk and messed the days till Christmas lol 
.  Live in 30 I have so much to share with you guys and show you. Come join me for some splodes 
Also super thankful for recieving the MVP here in IEM Oakland! 


If you're still looking for tickets, grab yours here: 

I'm thankful for any support and kindness over the years. I'm no streamer or influencer, I'm just a graphic designer trying to do a good job and help where I can - I'm grateful for the opportunities​ to do so. I'm thankful for every choice made that led me to 
We got hosted by the awesome 
Our captain 
It was a lovely early birthday outing. Feeling thankful and full of love right now. 
MIXER HYPE MAN 
Kanga has infiltrated Hirez studios! Massive shoutout to 
I'm trying to get into Pro Gaming. Does anyone have any tips or anything? 
Tonight Zeuronic claimed their 3rd, 1st place in the 
Omg we reached 500 Wylde Things!! Thank you 
Looks like 2017 is coming to an end!

We’re holding our 2017 
Hit 500 followers on mixer last night!! Thank you guys for all the love and support!! 
:whew, 32k today and the battle front 2 giveaway went to Kryptorion. GG's to everyone who watched, sponsored, dono'd today. I love y'all
Thanks to everyone that came in and supported today
RT this tweet, a couple big announcements so go check my new video out 
I just dropped one of the best videos I've ever done! Go show it some love for your boy by RT this tweet and dropping a like on the video! 
Thanks for supporting us and sorry to dissapoint. We appreciate all the love 
I had a good year together with the boys! I Wish them all the best of luck in the upcoming season 
Amazing to hear 
This weekend, 
Hey all!! This is Jayla aka Bloodbullets from Upsettersinc & i just want to say it was an absolute pleasure interviewing 
Our photo shoots are my favorite part of glam with my 
My favorite wall in the apartment 
Guys! Brand NEW "Angels & Demons" episode of 
frederikkesofie by 
OH NAAH SHE ELITE 
Come join the girls on Gears! 
Boutta see my BBs
THANK YOU for the support! 
A moment of compassion and sweetness for a cow who otherwise won't experience much in today's industrial dairy industry. Please RT. 
Caption this 
I LOVE CHRISTMAS 
Can't believe we've created this kroybiermann all these little humans 
Happy Birthday to my 7th son 
I swear by this and it's now available to you!!!!! 
We love you 
Check out my blog about Sunday's episode of RHOA 
Wow, someone caught the 
Gal, Thank you for your message to Freyja! 
All we want for Christmas is a cure for Cancer! Share if you agree 
Thanks Chris 
Fundraiser in Brisbane this weekend 
Cancer can't stop FAMILY LOVE and SMILES 
CHRIS VERMEULEN, Fox Sports MotoGP expert, retired MotoGP rider and ex World Champion talks to us on 
Bike ride fundraiser this weekend in Brisbane 
RIP beautiful woman 
We are filming 
Delighted2have met 
 Sooo amazing when a great school brings their entire student body!!  
See the rest exclusively on 
A flower cannot blossom 
without sunshine and man
cannot live without love 
Yes 1000X the 
Happy 1 year anniversary to our beer buds, 
Remember this day back in 2015? 
I looked this up to check and it also made me weirdly happy. I 
Ps also thanks to 
Cant wait for the Belfast gig to see all those amazing fans again it's been too long! 
Well last night was absolutely spectacular! 

Thank you to everyone there who made it special, it felt like the whole room knew every word 
Our good friends 
1 LOVE TO ALL MY BLACK WOMEN AND MEN 
I'm in facking 
The second EP on my label Sulta Selects is out on Vinyl and Digital now: 
luv gg
Last night was so beautiful. Thank you to everyone who came down for the first 
Thank you for all the 
Our lorem ipsum could use some love 
There’s a lot happening on campus this week - hope everyone participating and organizing this week takes care of their mental and emotional health as well 
GO STREAM “WANT ME” ON SPOTIFY PEOPLE 
Easy breezy Sunday 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!! So much to be thankful 
WORLD CHAMPIONS!! 
DC, That was unreal! 
You are all incredible, dedicated, hard working! Teamwork makes the dream work! I am grateful! 
I just want people to know that Emily is one of my best friends. That is all 
Always thankful for this beauty
 • Can you guess the gender of Twin A and Twin B? • 
I mean...when you all get to see this...
STEPS WERE ABSOLUTELY PHENOMENAL 
Thank you a million times!!! 
I was 15 in front 
Prince Harry & his American fiancé 
Some highlights of Sparkles as she toured around 
A wonderful evening performing 
Local director Amber McGinnis is 
Such a treat to have talented actors from 
Here for 
So in love w/ our playwright in residence 
Screaming HAPPY BIRTHDAY to my sister & my mentor 
Just a girl from Brooklyn 
Alani & Kimmie
Thankful 
 season 2 knocked it out of the freaking park. Heart felt props. 
Finishing season 2 of 
Have you joined 
Post a pic showing 
Another dude that I’ve been on for the last two to three years,,, “BAD AZZ WB” sign needs to be applied here!! I 
Hello! I led the product design for Etsy’s Holiday Gift Guide with a team of talented people including pm’s, merch, marketing, managers, directors, brand, design, & engineers—especially lead 
Tonight’s gonna be a tough one. This was all we talked about the whole summer.. even though I’m not playing tonight I know you’ll be watching. Miss you brother, continue watching over us
Great to see you back my Sister & Colleague, 
Spotted in 
Have a great weekend 
I just updated my lock screen and I love it!
Honey Baked Ham....
ICON HIT 10Million Thank You 
The entire time I’ve been sick, I’ve been binging on 
Spending time with my family today!
Thankful for our troops! 
A flower in the desert 
It was short yet sweet 
NOTHING’S WRONG — 
holiday collection and some new merch available NOW at 
mamma haim’s jacket from the 80’s 
Gave mama doc a second chance to relive her college Saturday’s at Penn State and it was the best decision I ever made. One final hug walking into Beaver Stadium today with the best! 
Happy Anniversary!!!! 
Boston is beautiful in December. 
Empowering women to achieve economic independence by providing a network of support, professional attire, & the development tools to help women thrive in work & in life.

The Pru is red & white tonight for Dress For Success. 


So excited to share my lofficielstbarth cover with you today! Special thanks to jenjalouse 
Tag all the amazing fathers you know! 
 this! 
Hello December 
Happy Thanksgiving from our hearts to yours! 
...a warm hello to my amazing friends across the world!  
You know why many are afraid to speak openly about 
Last year, we granted the wishes of five unstoppable kids through Make-A-Wish 
We're thankful for you! 
Finally. Tonight. A sip and chat with my professional crush, his royal highness 
 Public schools need our support more than ever. You can actually bring a classroom dream to life on 
Sauce of choice? Hendriks HOT SAUCE 
Excited for the return of 
We’re joining 110 nonprofit US news orgs to call for the public support needed to safeguard an independent press this 
The Scottish treasure!!@cargillmezzo this woman has made my week!! She is real, she is fierce and she sing the paint off the walls. 
It has been such a joy to sing with the incredible musicians of the 
Philip Langridge! We miss him too…
 out of all these friends and lovers, there is no one compares with you...
1st video courtesy… 
Punalu’u Black sand beach 
Can I wear this dress everyday?? 
 Of all these friends and lovers, there is no one compares with you 
And in the end... the 
DREAM CAR 
Visiting Durham this weekend?Pick up a jar of local piccalilli 
We've been out and about early today delivering to 
These yogis make it look easy! 
We're thankful for all the wonderful things this little crop gives us 
Made a dedication to my amazing Mammy on the St Benedicts hospice tree 
Last event of 2017 tonight & a huge one for 
Team Chamber at 
Couldn't be prouder dad today, Archie first game for 
***WIN*** 
A nights stay for two at the stunning 
On the eve of our first 
Wow, this competitive intelligence dashboard about challenger banks is blowing my mind: 
This is worth reading if you're into technology or education 
A good nite ...
Last show tonight 
I’m happy when your happy 
Thank You Sydney 
I love this man 
Melbourne Cup 
After show Glow with the glamorous 
See you tonight Live theprojecttv 
Today we aim to raise £2000 for 
By the way 
 time! 
Lovely to see you 
 to our friends 
Fabulously festive 
Some beauts have been coming out of the kiln this week 
£122 raised thanks to 
Lots of lovely 
Thank you Julie!!! 
Thank you, much appreciated to get it again but whole squad contributed with strong performances and an improved defensive record this month. 
Wow this venue looks amazing! Love doing these home shows 
Soon to be announced 
Any Nottingham based photographers (or not) who want to join us at Rough Trade this Sunday hit us up 
Finally met this dream the other day 
Happy Thanksgiving all my American friends!! 
Bonfire night with ma fave 
This incredible special issue was put together by last year’s committees, led by editors 
NOO I'm so sorry to everyone who saw me advertised for a show, I think they got confused and added the wrong name! I'm so sorry to disappoint! BUT I will surprise you all one day soon to make it up to you 
Gorgeous lunch with this wonderful creature @shannonpalmer_ 
What a wonderful few days in my favourite place 
Love my walking buddy 
Delighted to say that I'll be joined by Choice Music Prize 2017 winners 
Wherever you are today, if you want to do your bit to help Manchester, why not 
He was an absolute gentleman and was wonderful to see him reflecting back over his years of dancing with so much joy in his eyes. 
Wow thank you so much for all yr amazing messages. I promise not to be a stranger.
This show is very funny, shes had one hell of a life and she tells you all about it and she’s dances in it... I’m ordering mine. 
Tonight I was in the studio audience of the 30th anniversary special of French and Saunders! Laughed so hard I had to hold my face!! Watch out for it on your tv box at Xmas. Thank you 
Good luck Gang.....Blackpool here you come! Enjoy every second. 
The pleasure was all ours Julie....what a delightful couple and what a wonderful love story. As the young ones say....
So sorry Kati!....please give her a big hug from me & 
 Love love LOVE 'from the top' my cheeky early christmas pressie, my fave songs are 'me and my shadow' & 'somethin' supid' love that 
One Harry got engaged today and now here’s hoping for two?? 
Always awesome to meet the fans. Thanks Texas and 
Sending all our love to Manchester today. The news has left us speechless and heartbroken
Omg babe this is honestly the cutest thing! 
Really looking forward in being back this year and seeing you all this Xmas tour . It's going to be a special one . 
Woohoo !!!! Can’t wait 
So proud of our very own 
Go and buy 
The gang on it takes two 
This is what I want for Christmas 
For the perfect pre-baby getaway check out 
Get in touch! We want all shapes, sizes, ethnicities, sexualities, genders and ages for our shoot on Sunday! 

"I don't see myself as disabled."
14-year-old quadruple amputee Isabelle is truly inspirational. 
A year ago I decided to take things (& myself) less seriously. Thanks to 
This Knitted versión of Gris as a ballerina is adorable thank you 
Is all about 
Thank you family 
Just imagine 
Love ya Anj! 
The beautiful 
Lets keep on voting for 
All set and ready to go! 
And I am reminded that earlier this year I had £7 in my account, now I’m wondering when I’m gonna send my Mum and sis Dubai or move out 
A bit of spoken word/poetry/verbal musings I recorded recently.....one love 
My friend who is in agony with depression finds Christmas very tough. “Everyone is in great form.” Many people suffer in silence. Be kind 
What im here for grant dog you’ve saved us many a times 
Delighted to win 
One of the main themes running through many of our 
Nominations for 
Sock it to ya 
Doing Our Part...
 Adding to the passion & zeal at Amal are these amazing new faces, so best of luck to everyone starting their fellowship journey this week
Look at herrrrr
3 gals feeling a lot different to how they did last year - 6 and a half stone lost between us Bridie 
 getting great UK & ROI media coverage for their Omega 3 chicken breakthrough - well done to all involved! 
Today's office space 
 this morning chorus from 
Al Asef wins the novice stakes in style 
moulinrouge_official in Paris 
Flying to 
For those who 
It's game day!! Hit 
Such a great way to start my Friday with a class 
Happy birthday gorgeous lady Susie 
Dating my Best Friends Boyfriend 
What a champion! 29 and going strong. 
Today Bello Sole went to his new home with Caroline Russell. Since coming to us from 
Alum Jim Bob, whose dad is our own Bobby Cowell, came to visit today and had a special hug for his foster mom 
 We think every day is mutt day because we 
Lovely snack before work. Salt n vinegar crisps with a dollop of 
Freezing our butts off for charity 
Eye spy with my little eye a 
A testimony by an elderly businessman telling us how he started his business which failed n he lost everything but his wife stuck by him. Her patience and love kept him going 
Djing at Paradise Palms in Edinburgh 11-1am tonight 
I love the way the youth of today get involved with Fundraising and Charities. It will stand to them in the future 
Congratulations Emma Fraser, Grace Dyas and 
Utterly delighted to upload 
Never cut and paste reviews at Boomkat 
 me too
Please show your support 
: ) thanks josey 
Perfect dishes for the two of you 
Then & now 
SOMEBODY ELSE VIDEO OUT RN!! MUCH 
Competition time! WIN FREE tickets for 
This is absolutely fantastic. Sylvester in suburbia.
Stennys new 
Had the best early birthday celebrations last night w/ 
Watching the sunrise over this beautiful city is still my favourite thing to do 
 happy birthday dude! Been amazing to see you keep on killing it 
10 Years of Livin' Proof. 10 Year Market Place Reunion. So many friends and fam. 
 thnx for love man
Tickets tuesday 9am
Happy birthday to the little sister 
Um... 
Thank you, & I hope you enjoy it!
I gave you pain I gave you melodies this time I give you Bars x


Join me tomorrow at 3PM CET / 6AM PT at my 
Pre-sale for my Jan 17 Toronto show at 
Brussels tonight 
Did you know that sales through our web store support our non-profit partners? Knock a few things off your holiday list and help us spread some love to 
JPOTTTTTTT 
At my happiest with this boy by my side 
If you're trying to disguise Jetlag wear red from 
 to everyone who came down to shake-a-leg on Friday and made it such an enjoyable night!… 
Black boy joy 
Looking forward to seeing who's crowned 
My Brother 
Today, thousands of Canadians are walking to 
 thanks Emily for ya support
Shout out my main man 
Mad love 
Housework 
Hey guys!!

Please help me win my first Excellence award (Media, Arts, Entertainment section) by voting for me on the African Professional Network of Ireland website!! Right here!! THANK YOU 
 pleaseee retweet this and watch the 
PICS: 
I love my country 
Woop! Wavey Official Video OUT NOW 
Perfect hangover cure from 
At the inaugural 
My new 
Together
I love this team
Absolute scenes. 
 Friday is New Music Day!!!
i 
 wat ya think of hiring us as 
We can’t wait for you guys to see/hear this! 


New stock in 
1 year ago this small thing came out on This Ain't Bristol. 
Dropping a new one 'Metro Gnome' at 
At last! 
Right y'all! Some FRESH to death newness to feast upon from 
Mad night at 
RIP Rainbows 
Thanks for the support 
Good to be back on stage last night with 
Brighton, our spiritual home! 
Been DYING to see 
All jokes aside.. I’m touched that people are taking the time to write lyrics for 
Sounds like we're an inspiration to each other brother 
No matter the question, Love is the answer 
Not all hero’s wear capes 
 Tru was mad last night
In Madrid teaching 14-15/12/2017 a two day workshop with master designer and collaborator on all my self published works, SYB. 10 days left to sign up: 
Proud of you 
LOL nothing but 
Thank you for supporting 
Wow, thanks for the kind words 
Much love 
Think I have just found my new writing Jam.
New music right now: 
Mr. & Mrs 
Yes yes 
Yay! It arrived! Now I can listen on vinyl while I edit. Thanks for the beautiful music 
Back in England for HAZE at Independent - Sunderland on Saturday 
Absolutely fantastic evening with Dina Korzun 
Self belief is everything. Always remember your special 
This is the second person to get this tat before I have. Woofer For Life. Love it. 
Playing 4-6pm Today At 
Today we release our first sampler! Sola Ibiza 2017 big 
8 years ago we decided to throw a little party called Hipsters Don't Dance at 3 Blind Mice. We had no idea what we were doing or where it would lead to. Out to everyone who has been a part of our journey so far 
Oh yeah big up everyone for your opinion on my tweet about people filming the homeless. All of Your views were valid. 
Dusk Til' Dawn was another one for the books 
Big ups to 
It's an honour to produce a pair of personalised turntable weights for 
Tonight from 7 at the Glory ! Drag, comedy and clowning. 

Oh and BINGO! 

It’s free 
 Tonight 
Brand new premier of Nitin’s remix of David Scuba & Dance Spirit. Such a dope remix. Please share! 
New HAY trays and enamelware 
But omg Zoe tho 
My kitty cat helping me play 
True love is your spouse helping you set up swarm so you can build lighting faster on a level for your portfolio 
I support this
We are so proud to share our latest episode with you - a trans rights special with 
Was such a fantastic event last year. Will miss it dearly 
The winner in all of our hearts. Congratulations to 
Harpers been getting used to our stock, today's brand training was 
I’m excited to announce my online store is back with limited numbers on prints, charms, stickers and postcard sets! Preorders are also open for my new Sheith zine!

Aaaaaa look what arrived today!!! Thank you 
Jay-Z and Dean Baquet, in Conversation 
New hair! 
Yessss Australia step into 2017.. 
the awesome and amazing 
Whatever happened to the talented Ms 
SAINT LAURENT FOR COLETTE 
Summarises what will be heard in parliament on Tuesday. Please support and get behind 
Our senior footballers were delighted 2 support 
Welcome to Miami ! 
ysl 
Proud of working with this beautiful artist  anamourafado 
The kids in Queens! For 
We called it! ;) She said yes… to more than Wellaplex. Congrats 
Remembering our heroes who gave their lives so we could live ours 
Paint the town red with looks from 
Reminiscing red from Anna’s Fall/Winter 1992 show with supermodel and muse 
Thank you Liz, Hope all is well with you My Lovely? Festive Greetings to you & hope 2018 sees your creativity grow 
Best wishes to 
Heart absolutely broken for 
SLIGO HOMELESS APPEAL. 
The only negative thing about 
People: Look into 
Roise, you are our hero 
To all of you. We hear you and we love you. Courage and solidarity 
A touch of frost...
Always listen to your heart because even though it’s on your left side , it’s always right 
 2 years ago something very special happened. 
In memory of the great Tony Fenton. Always loved. Always missed. 
We are beyond delighted for the Burke family!We are also so happy to see Ryan recognising the sacrifices made by Defence Force families! Yes- we shed a tear too! 
We are beyond happy for the Burke family! 
The biggest thanks to these amazing men from IUNVA who have gone beyond the call of duty to support us. 
Here they are pictured with our wonderful 'poster girl' Alisha who did great work leading our 'walk for welfare'. 
WOW I am a very lucky girl
So sad to hear of the loss of such an inspirational man Adrian Melia. I was privileged to be asked to be part of the 'Question of Sport' fundraiser evening for Adrian in June of this year. My thoughts are with Adrian's family and his partner Jeannie. Rest in love Adrian 
Pumped for the final stop of the  
Great to see Barretstown was one of 
A massive thank you to everyone who came out to the Barretstown Winter Wonderland! It was amazing to have so many families on site who got to experience the magic of Barretstown 
Amazing work thank you so much for all the fundraising efforts 
Looks fab ! Well done 
I'm up bright and early for a Sunday to talk about a brilliant new digital initiative from 
En route to the 
I'm so happy everyone loves it as much as I do 
How about sharing this random act of kindness calender, December is the month we need to be kind to people as not always the best time of year for everyone, day 1 is share this calendar 
The trailer for 'Love, Simon' is finally here! I had the pleasure of working on this incredible film. A beautiful love story tangled up in the struggles of being young and gay. So special and so important. I was in tears! Enjoy.. 
Just a massive thank you to all the support from around the county today in Aughrim hopefully today's win can bring wicklow football on hope to see you all in 2 week's again 
December 1st - it's here! And soon, Christmas. 
Our second favourite F Word 
The Oh So Fabulous Ashley Kehoe  wearing our Anti-Blemish Foundation 
What an honour to be sharing this list. All on my 'to be read' for Christmas...
Friendly reminder that you're worthy and loved
Broadcasting LIVE via 
Well done pitching 
We are headed for the coast! See you at 
These are the fine daily specials being served by our crack team of kitchen and floor staff today. 
Citra Pale Ale - we love you. 
Had a pint (or 2) of the incredible 
 Proud to sing with you last night in great concert with 
I'm honoured to have received an Honorary Graduate Award today from Blackrock Institute for my work with the RISE foundation & Seanad Eireann.
Former recipients of this award include Paul McGrath, Fr Peter McVerry, John Lonergan 
Best of luck Anne!!! Whatever the outcome you’re a hero to us!! Have an amazing night! 
One of our fav markets 
Such an eye-opening day at 
 Faversham? Don't miss our fabulously festive Christmas Markets Shopping Events!
26th November
10th December
17th December
Best slogan of the day: END MAY IN JUNE. 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday messages on Saturday. Appreciate it 
I’m hoping you’ve some lovely tunes up your sleeve for this week’s 
This song is why I 
Speak Up  & Step Up About What Matters Most! 
Who hears you? 
Behind each super hero is a super friend. Tag someone that you can always depend on to save the day... 
After a 4am wakeup, this feels great!! 
Happy thanksgiving everyone! I’m so thankful for my family, friends and fans.
So proud of them all!!!!
Wow!!! Congratulations Ms Tansley and the choir at 
Tonatiuh works on new 
Grad student Andrea studies heat at the 
 Today 50 years ago, the 1st successful 
grateful for all the new people I've met this year 
cousin love 
happy birthday 
Oh my stars, we're finalists for the 
 “Life without cake is like cake without chocolate”. 
Happy Birthday to my forever beach partner in crime!! Love you 
From all of us at 
Life isn't always easy and sometimes you have to do what's best for you. Beyond thankful for everyone that was with me along my journey
GAMEDAY vs Wisconsin at 4 p.m on espn2 
Check this man out! 
Hey guys! My film, The Perfect Christmas Present, airs tonight on 
I'll be talking about my new film, The Perfect Christmas Present at 10am (in 15 mins ;) on 
I'll be signing a bunch of these this week for 
Watch valerianmovie on 4K ultra HD and Blu-Ray 11/21 
Thank you for being my rock.... I 
Endless possibilities! 
The difference between affection and harassment.
I LOVE YOU GUYS. 
Thanks #
Anthony Rapp, you have always been one of my role models amongst the LGBTQ community. I am proud to know you 
Congrats to our friend and 
My Fragrance for the month glossier You 
"When Jennifer Lawrence's boyfriend is on campus bribing students to go vote in exchange for a FaceTime with her 
One lucky fan FaceTiming with 
Something sweet for 
About to Jet to Sydney Home sweet Home 
Australia 
Trying to keep her eyes open... 
Excited to perform for you all tonight at the 
Happy birthday to the amazing 
Never x
Absolutely gorgeous 
Seriously 
 x about last night x
This melts my heart 
Lego brings people together 
I love watching these bears do bear things 
When your friends go to Nova Scotia and you only ask for one thing. 
Yas!!! We love this! 
 Don’t you think it is time you joined in to help 
Oh no, that’s not how we roll! DM us your info please 
Blu 61 is in the house...*drops mic.


Sooo excited to get Lampe Berger back on the shelves... lampebergercanada 
As usual 
From our family to yours, Happy 
Tough day at work in environmental technology with 
Number 1 goal in life: To become an amazing actress as Mariska Hargitay !!! 
Warm your belly with today's addition to the menu: Cavatappi with roasted chicken, sweet peperonata, arugula, and aurora sauce 
Leafs lost...but 
Guess who we see at Silver Stick...
Did u know that if u text 741741 when u r feeling depressed or suicidal, a crisis worker will text with u? It's a free service. *Retweet*
Please say a prayer for all the 
We've had an incredible time tonight with the 
I LOVED this trilogy 
WOW! Such a super cute photo. Thank you Ollie and Kimbo! 
Love that cover 
Two years married to this total dreamboat. 
Yay! Thanks for sharing, Susie! 
Congratulations to our witty and wonderful new author 
Thrilled with specially commissioned 
Appreciate the love! 
At 12:11am on May 31, 2013 
Single or spoken for, climbing is for everyone 
Words can’t describe what you meant to me. I know you’ll be watching me play from a better place. You will be greatly missed
Thanks for sharing awesome memories of her with us, keep them close to your heart. 
You were the best dog a person could ask for. You will always be apart of our family. Heaven gained a special one. Love you Tess
Gheorghe's jumper should have its own twitter account! 
 come join 
It’s so great 
It’s with the absolute heaviest heart & deepest of sorrow to inform you of the passing of Miss Joy L Watson OStJ after a battle with an illness in Hospital. Joy was surrounded by her St John family when she passed.  Thank you for your 55 years service. You may now stand down 
Atta boy Stades! Watching from your former billet home in Edmonton, Alberta Canada 
Some magic 
We can't thank you enough for shopping 
Wanna win FREE 
Take care of YOURself. 
Thank you for listening.  Thank you if you preordered.  Thank you if you pick 
This chase atlantic family is so full of love and support for each other 
It was a pleasure to meet a lot of you the last 3 months 
Scott & Jaynie 
Early birthday treat brought to the office from the wonderful 
We’re a native Austin biz, so always looking to showcase local. Nonprofits we 
Thank you London.  That meant so much. 
Met some more 
Many 
thanks twitter! the coat is gone 
hello dog lovers: I have this (unused) gilet that doesn’t fit maddie - the sizing was off and it’s too tight (she is 42 chest) if this would fit your dog (or if you foster dogs and would like a coat) let me know + I will post it free of charge 
Piper, the art you make is amazing. Thank you for giving me this to remember my friend by. I will never not miss him, but seeing this will make me smile like he always made me smile. Thank you. 
Taylor and I talk Queer sex and trans desire in this book by 
North Hansen is one of those songs you can never get tired of. 
Malibu is the absolute cutest 
Martha always deserves a revisit. 
The end of our tour tonight in KY with 
Omg I love this 
If you have any stories about what our music has meant to you over the years or times we have shared together, we would love to hear from ya 
This is by far the most expansive musical endeavour I've ever been a part of. I'm incredibly proud of us. Indulge. Reflect. Share.
Looking through the albums. Love this oldie of me and 
Go check out the Friday Cratediggers playlist on 
Someone beautiful & adorable to melt your heart this morning
Saw my bro 
Last night was incredible 
Rainforest Punks patches will no longer be available online after Monday. Will update you on where/when they will be available 
London. Last night was something else. So much love to everyone who came out. We
Big love to everyone who joined us at Ally Pally 
Watch what happens when this big brother spots his little sister after getting off the school bus. It's priceless 
ASH LONDON LOVES
'I' - an album that I have been working on for years to get right! An album that will show you even more of both my music, and myself. 
collaection radio 003 is out now!! (PS: 5 is my fav number so I had to quote this) 
I‘m back on my feet now! Sorry for not being active on my socials guys! 
Together we will find a cure 
Ah thanks so much! 
He’s one of my favorites.. 
My Grandmother is getting ready to pass and flights back home are super expensive, anything helps 
Nearly HOME
Happy Valentines Day 
Leavin home with an extremely full heart 
Just saw a man give up his 1st class seat to a woman in crutches. Reminder that there is more good in the world than bad. HAPPY THXGIVING!
My best friend 
Reposting from 
Happy Giving Birth Day Mumma bear 
48 hours of birthday craziness 
5 years. 
my boyfriend and I wear you complete me bracelets from 
Ever since I finished “Gabi, A Girl in Pieces,” I have been more open to excavating past trauma and writing it out of me. Listening 
Please join us in wishing our reigning queen 
Feels sooooo good to be back in Australia! My home away from home! 
Let’s hope our planets align and hear a big 
So, PLEASE first call your local ac before buying from a breeder because these animals need good homes this holiday season 
TX.   We'll be sending all funds we receive for chips, drinks, queso, and guacamole today to the Hurricane Harvey Relief Fund.
  this sums up our day perfectly 
Our anthem today - Free To Love - Brendan Maclean 
Billy killed it! Thank you everyone here at 
Syracuse was lit. Thank you 
One week ago in Kingston. TAKE ME TO THE WATER!!!

Thank you 
Tomorrow nite! (Friday 12.1) I’ll b on Opry At The Ryman! 
what a fitting day to hit 2 million streams on fall for you.. so thankful every day 
Ladies and gentlemen, here is our hurricane schedule for the week. We will be open regular hours until Thursday at 11pm. Stay safe! 
My new single 'So What' is out today 
 you will be huge on Broadway someday 
We loved you last night!!! 
 will light its spire red tonight for this year's 
A Sunset cocktail at sunset at One World Observatory 
Tops of 2017. 
bamboozlemusic + 
Supporting Liam Gallagher tomorrow and just found out the venue is 13,500 capacity fucking hell. 
Massive thanks to my friend 
Some pics from the weekend 
Snuggle up with someone you 
louisville tonight

MonoNeon with PRINCE at Paisley Park 
Me and my babes 
Honored to have NPR debut our new song, "BABY"! Thanks to the badass 
Surprise! 

A completely re-edited version of our old episode The Time Traveler's Convention is out today on the BBC's Short Cuts. 


Thanks for helping get us there 
Greta solo playing a lil bit on nov 29 at THE HUM GIVES BACK: a holiday benefit for Women In Need (at Brooklyn Bazaar) 
Teamed up w 
This made me cry. Love you 
Love y'all! 
I love ya, Cali 
95-seconds of beautiful, subtle magic on this new home demo from the ever-wonderful 
Our 20 Favorite Songs of 2017 A.D. 
Photo by kristin_cofer 
CONGRATS 
Remembering Tamir Rice this Thanksgiving, murdered at age 12 by police three years ago yesterday. Rest In Power 
So excited to be seeing 
WELCOME BACK! Come out everyone and show some luv 
I love you guys. 
Throwback to North Carolina with 
In love with this show 
I love being gay. I love gay people. 
Breakfast Alone is only $15 online for Black Friday, Small Business Saturday, and Cyber Monday! It just might be the perfect gift! 
LAST HOURS TO BUY LAST EXISTENCES OF OUR MERCH ON SALE. 2 SHARK TEES LEFT. WE WILL NEVER RE-MAKE EM THESE DESIGNS
There are no words to sum up the magic this weekend at 
Don’t forget to go enter our Christmas 
Want to gain more followers? 
.
Retweet this and follow all who RT. 
Retweet if you follow back 
ii wish ii coulda been with the 
Let’s look after and support each other today 
Thankyou for the support 
LETS GOOOOOO
Just looked at this beautiful seven bedroom home in kenmoore for DOTWAV 
Killed the show last night!!!BIG shout to my brothers 
Got your tix to our West Coast Winter Tour yet? 
I once read... If you’re not growing, you’re dying. Even if that growth is painful, it means you’re alive and that in itself is a gift. 
Loved having our backup dancers in philly
Last night was a rager!!!
AM snuggles w/ my main squeeze 
11
IG88 - Rearrange (ft. hypersparks)


Dads and daughters... 
WINNER!!! Congrats to 


 Happy 1st Advent!


Until next time Smith Rock...
Meet the Frasers! 
We celebrated 
The girl from back then... 
After all these years... 
LEGENDS ONLY WAS AMAZING! I 
Ireland's Late Late Toy Show surprise!  I'll never grow out of loving this show. Christmas season begins when the toy show has aired !!! 
Best fan gift - Alpaca socks!! Feet are toasty toasty ! Thank you 
 my fav song on her album and the best part wasnt just hearing her beautiful voice but she waved at me too I love you Jess
happy birthday to my favorite character Bree 
Brilliant job today 
In the words of 
Starting today, every Sunday from 9AM - 12PM we'll be hosting Santa Cares, welcoming children with special needs to meet Santa Claus in a sensory-friendly environment 
“Are you willing to learn something about yourself, through the story, while the camera is rolling?” Roy London 
Thank you LA friends and 
What a lovely picture have an amazing 
Sorry Liverpool. Couldn’t resist sneaking on this shirt at the end!
Great crowd and beautiful gig. Thanks to all 
For every retweet on this post, 
my boyfriend and I wear distance bracelets from 
Beautiful morning here in Liverpool.
Off to hotel for a chill and a bath. 
Back for Soundcheck later.
Liverpool always a great crowd 
Birthday eve 
Happy birthday you case 
Can’t wait for my birthday next week 
Had a lovely day at the Christmas market at 
wanted to thank all the extra musicians who helped us play this live at scala 
Every single song is a banger 
Santa Run might be over but your support and awareness will save lives 
What a moving story 
Now listening to a Professor of Creative & Entertainment Games. 
Thanks to YOU, 170+ dogs are heading for warm beds & loving families after a life of unimaginable suffering on a SK dog meat farm. Your generosity opened their cages, & for that, we are forever grateful! Thank you for giving your 
Thank you, Arkee! 
Everyone needs 
thesketchyreader's photo 
Flippin’ Nora! These guys really are just brilliant... so much love for their generosity & dead proud to have been supported by them. 
One year ago today 
 looking bloody gorgeous in today's 
We're unbelievably happy to see that 
We love this pic, which was taken at one of our Blackheath social runs a few weeks ago.  
It's Decemberrrrrr! 
Reviews like these brighten up our mornings 
Reviews like these brighten up our mornings  
Coincidence? Maybe. Separated at birth? Maybe. On her show 2day? Definitely. 
Look at God 
Hackney's wild & wonderful family party takes you on a mega musical journey through the sounds of reggae this Sunday - hear the music, learn the dance moves and be home by bedtime 
Christina Aguilera Singing her baby a lullaby 
Woohoo!! So well deserved!! If you ever get a chance to see ‘Ad Libido’ by 
Arts & Sciences. And especially music. We are all connected 
Wow thank you 
 playing NOW on 
Day3 
A sunset sendoff. Thanks Croatia, you have been great 
Supermalt has released a Christmas jumper with Stormzy modelling it below. Come look at joy 
Warm your cockles for lunch today 
We just saw this - thank you! 
So lovely to see 
Break legs 
 goers! 
Denise gough the absolute ledge 
We are privileged to be hosting Emily Young’s exhibition in our courtyard 
 your limoncello? 
If I could pick 1 act to return to 
Yep, we’re gorgeous 
 Pathetically excited to be MCing this gig with spectacle-wearer-in-chief 
These anthems turned 15 this year 
"Love isn't always an easy answer but it is the only answer"  we need to claim our care experienced children with love  
To make it even more special, he knows how much 
My sister 
and I'm also so pleased to support the lifesaving work of 
 thank you!
INCREDIBLE! Do you remember Walter Peine?! 
How dreamy is this?! Looks like they are walking into their dream life together 
Family love Friday! 
LOVE running into my long time bestie when we both happen to be on a gig in the same city!
Podcast is trending, so I'll drop more names we've had on Things We're Too Lazy To Blog About. We 
The worst of it is over with the probe down. 
Not sure what pickleball is, but looking forward to living downtown! 
Proud of my school! A diverse class adds a richness in education that cannot be provided in classroom settings. We are all in this together! 
Happy 14th birthday to my lovely son - I can't believe you're taller than me now! 
NEW EXCLUSIVE TOUR MERCH. BEGGING TRACKIES. BOSTON SEE YA TONIGHT 
T&R MOMENTS #8 is out! Check out the full one on youtube now 
Here’s to all the mothers all over the world! RT and tag a special woman in your life to share the 
Go Lex! 
I’m in NYC!


 current 
Wonderful official opening of 
Happy graduation 
When one of your Year 10 pupils gives you an onion! 
.
Great meeting Craig & Dougie at 
Huge thanks to the Green Brigade for donating £500 to the Leith/N 
8am Sat starts are grim. 
Hey Mum, Dad, I know you would have been looking down on me last night but just in case you missed it i’m now officially a 
BOOB BOOB BOOB 
"We are on the brink of a war w North Korea. We have a president that is taunting and bullying...this is to be taken seriously. So we have to resist him. I have consciously led a movement to impeach this president." 
"Sometimes we can be so woke that we don't have any feelings." - 
My love to Iran 
Welcome home Hoosiers! 
I love them and they keep me going 
Beautiful meal 
 and myself livin life Saturday night 
Happy 38th Birthday to Tiffany Haddish! 
Check out our honeys on Halsted preview for tonight! 
Happy national cheeseburger day! I hope you guys enjoy one delicious burger like this! 
A virtual hug from us to you.  For all the 
There is no other act that hits my soft spot harder then 
Benidorm was thrilled to be included in last night's Royal Variety Performance.  The sketch wasn't listed in the programme so it could be a surprise and the audience reaction was amazing!! Now we CAN'T WAIT for 
Thanks for all the love on 'Tell Me Why' 
What an amazing night at the Volunteering Oscars 
Have we mentioned how much we 
7” vinyl of “Stopwatch” 
Petey has returned!! After 4 days in the hospital he is finally home with his papa. Thank u for your love, we almost lost the lil guy 
Hope everyone is home, happy, safe and thankful!!! Happy thanksgiving to all...
complexions_ballet  Nov. 14-26 2017
● NEW UPLOAD ● Petit Biscuit is Back ! 
● NEW UPLOAD ● I don't wanna let you go guys 
jameshoustonphoto's photo 
So very proud of Logan , Kaylee and Lex you all danced beautifully 
“All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.” -Walt Disney 
In our own little contemporary bubble 
Love a cup of tea 
I let out a wee cheer :) 
Please vote 4 
Today, what is your contribution to improving the world? 
Grateful for the community passionaries making a difference for our children. 
My family, my life, my loves 
Hello everyone !!! 
My Queen for always love you so much Nicki
Even 
This. Is. Sick
Oooh they’re playing 
Really enjoying 
It was great to meet the inspiring 
One my old comrades 
I’m putting the game on the radio for my boy today. Hopefully the last game he’s going to hear will be a win 
He's here. 
Such a heartwarming night! Loved meeting these inspiring, selfless and  fantastic folk, their families & friends. 
Had this done for you today my darling boy 
Head over to Facebook and join this group. Fantastic items to be won, all in the name of 
I had to share this. It’s for you my baby boy. Love and miss you so much 
This is for a great cause. They helped us all so much through Dylans treatment. Let’s make his legacy live on 
Dylans celebration of life will be held at NFFC in the Robin Hood Suite from 3.30 till 7pm on Thurs 2nd Nov 
Dylan will be buzzing that he’s made it in the paper again 
I freaking love 
Heroes 
Ok I'm getting EMOTIONAL reading your comments from my latest video!! Thank you so soooo much 
Happy birthday to my partner in 
Love, Accept and Celebrate Yourself Everyday!! 
My grandma asked Dec if he’s coming for Christmas dinner with us and he said yes aww
Avery 
Current obsession 
Come on Derby 
THIS YEAR TO SAVE US FROM TEARS JUST GIVE IT TO MATEJ VYDRA!!!!!!!! 
When we (The Three Degrees), met West Brom Albion's 3Degrees, Cyril and I took the PR stunt rather seriously. Sx 
Forgot about 
Thank you for your incredible loyalty to Carmex, 
Amateur football scenes 
An "excellent" book on 
Thanks everyone for all the kind messages and support 

Let's see the eight world wonders 
Before we're 6 feet under 
If you can please support this great cause 
Few more , Thankyou to all you amazing men , none of you had to have random photos took with Tommy but not one of you said no x 
That's my boy 
Dream come true making my debut at the king power!! Thanks for all the messages 
The thing I like most about this picture is the 
Who would you rather have in the centre of midfield for England?

RT – Michael Carrick

What does your festival horoscope say about you?
READING crew 
I don't know what to say, how sad. The Rotary's stand is as traditional as the fair itself, you will be deeply missed this year. Hope you're back next year doing the great work for our town and charities, which has always been the reason for the stand 
Happy thanksgiving! Thankful for this incredible sunset. aurorafigueras 
One year since we sadly lost Manchester legend, Craig Gill. Our thoughts today are with his family, friends and 
Happy birthday to the love of my life 
 U MAKE ME SO HAPPY! 
Home is where the 
Packing up a load of 
Thank you! The Vegan nut roast with all the trimmings is fab even if we say so! Also, Santa’s helpers are busy making festive dog goodies 
Thank You for helping us celebrate our 1st year Anniversary and HUGE Thank You for helping us raise £1345.52 for Children in Need! 
M1 looking for 3rd win on the bounce as they travel to 
Despite receiving the new 
Well done Nat Wray 
M1 leap up to 2nd after a 6-4 win 
He’s back in Red & Black -  
An amazing day in honour of a very special girl, incredible work 
I have watched 
Thank you for speaking out 
This team 
I just couldn’t feel more grateful for the people in my life right now! I truly have been blessed with some wonderful friends 
Give hope to 
I can't with these two ajanimjg emmaportner 
I can't with these two emmaportner ajanimjg 

 with my cousin, Leah. 
New gorgeous video coming soon. 
emmaportner and Ajani just crushed it. 
Huge shout out to the W4s today for a massive win against 
Absolute BEAUT of a day in 
Another long away day to picturesque Edinburgh for the W1s, returning with a 1-0 win. 
Second win of the day for the ladies side with the 2s beating another Leeds team. Cya bye 
W1s beat Leeds Beckett 3-0 to maintain an unbeaten season. Now treading the treacherous Northern terrain to Leeds Uni to support the W2s 
M1s have a stormer in the second half to beat 
A frustrating but solid performance by the W1s to draw 1-1 vs 
Looking forward to another BUCS Wednesday with many cracking games on show 
Another fab win for the W1s seeing off 
I don’t know when (or if)I’ll ever make an animated movie — certainly not something this amazing — but it’s stories like this that remind me why I’m a filmmaker and how important it is that movies are a tool and act as a voice for the voiceless. Thanks, 
STANDING WITH HEROES - TO ALL VETERANS, OUR TROOPS & THEIR FAMILIES - WE SALUTE YOU. 
We had so much fun! 
Absolutely loved it. Great cause, great charity and top people 
Photographer Teri Pengiley met a selection of competitors at the UK Cat Fanciers show held in Surbiton, Surrey. 
Incred year for 
 this so much
Homemade all from stoneygate grounds 
We at 
The best thing about Fridays. Running with 
Anne Harvey’s intro to the Eleanor Farjeon Award winner is a beloved annual UK tradition! 
Time for a friendly competition 
Love your work 
Today marks 50 years since the world’s first ever human heart transplant. What better way to mark this milestone by joining the organ donation register 
Happy Thanksgiving Ya'll!

We know we don't celebrate Thanksgiving, but any excuse to say we're thankful for 
Holy shit I'm getting married in 4 weeks time!!! 
Stanley and Toff 
Can’t believe one of my best buds is going in the jungle! 
Big thank you 
GC stay safe 
Mood for print on print 
Shiny skirt of dreams, 
These 3 make me laugh a lot, love them so! 
Truth. 
Home is where you’re always welcome.
And you’re always welcome here 
It's easy when you have to get this human ready at 8am, 
Dream weekend with god kids and beckswolskipersonal.   This is 
BIG thanks for your love 
Tiny little beauties. 
This is the best. 
Stand together for equality and cheese!  
What a fab turnout to wrap our Twiddle muffs and lap blankets for the Christmas Care package initiative we launched back in Sept. Thanks to all who have supported us 
Thank you everyone 
 I apologize in advance but these pictures turned out so good, had a blast tonight
Wow! Looks beautiful 
Thank you ever so much. 
Massive congrats to this guy 
SURPRISE!!!!! We have a Christmas giveaway for you guys!!! Here's the first video of a 
Just watched Captain Fantastic 
I am just so full of love for Prince Harry and Megan today. What a beautiful, happy couple they make 
From us to you. 
“He’s not looking at your outward accomplishment but at your inward acknowledgement” - 
Happy Thanksgiving! We have so much to be thankful for. 
Waking up seeing this news on my Birthday is not what I’d expect. What a lovely man, always made me laugh. Thinking of family friends and everyone connected with club 
I think Jim enjoyed that one > "I 
Let's Win this for the North! Brothers In the North 
Good luck today neeskens 
Always a pleasure to share a moment with my fans 
The World needs more sweet. Here's some from 
Congrats to co-captain Kellie on being voted to go to 
Our First Lady of the Week is Ashley C. 
Honoring all Veterans today-the brave who fight for us every day...and to think that they fight for people they have never even met...
She’s here!!!! 
Scarlett Ann joined our family 11/5 at 12:47pm: 8 lbs 12 oz, super feisty! Beyond grateful after the long road here. 
So much goodness in our schools! Thank you 
Sounds like about 35 
Saturday Baby!!! 
Thank you for writing to your sponsor child! 
We're kicking off 2018 with a brand new, intimate tour. The Real Good Life Tour starts on 2/20! This is our first headline run in over 1.5 years. Can't wait to see your faces in the crowd 
Tour is over, and we’re on our way home. 

Thank you to everyone who came out to see us this past month. Next year we will be on the road more than ever. 

S/O to our new friends 
And I am reminded that earlier this year I had £7 in my account, now I’m wondering when I’m gonna send my Mum and sis Dubai or move out 
Fantastic performance by the little man & his team mates today. 
Passing, tackling, staying composed, 2 cracking goals & Man Of The Match from Theo. 
Very proud! 
Dublin bound to retain my title. Not planning on letting it go tonight or any time soon. Thanks an absolute bunch for all the encouragement and well wishes. 
I 
Just one word ...... bellissimo 
I'm purring already 
So are you partner 
Children in need.....Vanessa 
Loving the newlyweds!! Congratulations!! 
Sending a message for my 
Well, we just had to.  Five generations of kitties at 
What a week I’m having 
What Saturday Afternoon’s we’re made for. 
Stunning wreath by the very talented 
Hugely successful Annie Workshop today 
What an amazing show tonight! We 
Congratulations 
Welcome 
 and miss you!!! Xx
Retweet if you have 
So sad 
OVER AND OUT. Thank you for the most INCREDIBLE tour. It’s been amazing. Onto the next one 
As our 
Proud to wear the red ribbon on 
Happy birthday amazing 
Fabulous night 
Very grateful to everyone who have supported us in our 
Sending all our love to Manchester today. The news has left us speechless and heartbroken
An honour to attend and perform 
 Thanks Noor for this video. And thanks Arab Women of the Year Awards for having us tonight! A true honour 
Fantastic night 
 Loved your sound! You both have so much talent! Thanks for tonight 
Guess what?! Thank you 
Thank you for having me on the 
Thank you to my amazing glam squad 
I'm on the 
Woah!! Never expected it to be up there with the pop stars! Thank you for buying it guys, only been out 3 days. Bloody love u lot 
Hope you all enjoyed my 
Love this 
Love being by the sea xx 
Enroute to Manchester to start another 
Even my little sausage had the honour of meeting him!! My first tango I'll do I will dedicate it to him!!
It was his favourite dance 
Dear Sir Bruce, simply the best!! The legend that will always be in my hart 
My little bird friend 
Our 
Our debut album 'Strange Hymns' is out today 
Listen: 
This is fantastic. Lucy and Dan are so subtle, playful and dark in 
We 
Hurray! My album is out today all over the place. This is me rubbing a curtain in celebration & glee. Hope you 
the 
W I N T E R  S U N R I S E - L Y T H A M

It’s looking beautiful in Lytham this morning 
And then we just sailed off into the sunset 
Devastated to find out that the incredibly lovely, handsome, charming 
So proud with this! 
Beautiful rainbow over Lytham 
Snowing at 68 Great Portland Street 
He was an absolute gentleman and was wonderful to see him reflecting back over his years of dancing with so much joy in his eyes. 
Wow thank you so much for all yr amazing messages. I promise not to be a stranger.
 is about to get fabulous.... 
Just got my 11yr old sister and she's a trip! 
one of the best performances biggg uppp! reppping Watford 

All true - provided you don't trip over...

Awww bless - beautiful friendship 
Do you have little sharp toothed cute furballs? 
Dozer
Missing from Slough 
 ....all credit to 
Thankyou 
Never a dull moment at the Admiral. Cabaret from 
Just cried a little after writing this new song...this one means alot
Wooo...Thank you 
Buzzing to see ma bestie 
5 queens on our stage tonight from 9pm 
Amazing! A big thank you to all who shaved in the name of charity. 
 a retweet 
John Sutton is eager to strike up new combinations with incoming recruit Dane Gagai! 
Doesn't matter what kit you're wearing 
Souths Cares and 
My mum has entered the gate of heavens. Please donate what you can for her foundation. 
Happiest of birthdays to 
Couldn’t ask for a better way to kick off my birthday 
 couldn’t be more true of our associate home 
Even after seeing 
Why I just wanted to say thank yew to miss 
Hi y'all! Don't forget that 
Thanks for an amazing night 
Loved Mr Smith? US TOO! Catch them 
Yesterday’s show at 
Whoop first Christmas party in the diary with ma daaaaarlings! 
Tonight at 
Had so much fun last night in Cambridge with 
All Swag on sale on 7th Dec., But CUPS & ORNAMENTS are LIMITED,...So If You LOVE
I LOVE IT! 
Chicago - Friday - 
My backbones 
Tomorrow I’m back at 
 Happy Thanksgiving 
Dear Santa, I'd love a jaw line for Christmas, thank you 
Now that's how you get into the holiday spirt watching 
 is AMAZING!!
Hackney's wild & wonderful family party takes you on a mega musical journey through the sounds of reggae this Sunday - hear the music, learn the dance moves and be home by bedtime 
Hanging backstage w/ 
My little brother is the funniest person I know, and I could not fathom a life without him....so please REGISTER & RETWEET, his donor may be on your timeline!!!
Thank you! Such a good time! 
Hoping everyone has been having a beautiful Thanksgiving day
Thanks so much for watching 
So cute! 
Oh yes! 
Time to spread the 
✩ TONIGHT IN BROOKLYN! THEE SUBURBIA, LADY HAVOKK & HARAJUKU PRESENT ✩

You're invited to hard… 
✩ FRIDAY NIGHT IN BROOKLYN! LADY HAVOKK, SUBURBIA & HARAJUKU PRESENT ✩

You're invited to hard… 
Last night I was on theme for the Met Gala. Comme take a look at the full look later Change… 
Dear diary aka god,
I'm still obsessed with 
Let's Celebrate ALL Small, Local Businesses With A Big Heart
We are so proud to share our latest episode with you - a trans rights special with 
 spectators used the 
BHILL002 sent to distribution...can't wait to share 
Massive well done to all the 3rd years! I watched both shows of Animus today & was completely blown away both times
Oh what a beautiful morning.......

i 
She loves dots too 
 we look forward to bringing more creative projects to women in 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone!! 
JUMPROV TOMORROW COME WATCH US. THANKS. 
Zac Posen at 
Crazy full circle. Larsen’s cousin works on 
My skin has never looked better!  I had several skin diseases/issues but they have become nonexistent with my 
HOT flip-fuck! 
Thanks to everyone who joined us for our 5th Anniversary Gala Performance! 
 in 
Excited to soon make our return to Durham Ranch with the boys. It holds a special spot in 
Love my girl 
So who’s ready for Christmas!? 
I love 
Mom…. This one was for you!!! 
Proud! 
Thank you so much to 
Had so much fun not falling over 
Six more sleeps until we headline this festival next Saturday.. See you in Madrid 
HONOURED to announce I am the new face of 
This a good site for 
Hit 
 Bani J ........  these words 
Love you vikas
LIVE IN THE MOMENT 
How adorable is 
 loved this show 
Girl Zone=Comfort Zone 
 You're such a lovely person in and out 
  can make a girl feel so special   
Good Morning! Have a fab Tuesday 
Amazing to see the special bond between families and 
It is INTERNATIONAL DAY OF TOLERANCE, guys!! Yes!! Let’s share lots’nlots of lovings plus understandings this daytimes, K? K!! 
H
We’re feeling the 
Woohoo 
Thank you thank you 
I KNOW this one is going to be amazing because the title’s already got my attention - isn’t that a good sign?? GO SOHA!! 
Please open your hearts and homes to 180 adorable puppies and kittens up for adoption at the Adoptathon this weekend hosted by 
Copy on it’s way to you 
The perfect choice ! You will be such an asset to them and to us 
Dhuuuups thank you for spreading the love and the link!! 
 seeing the kids hydrating with water
 emerges triumphant in 
Miss being with you! Cant remember the last time we weren’t together on your birthday. Wish you every happiness always Pops. You are the best 
Tashi and Nungshi together we will scale many mountains and overcome obstacles to foster a deeper love for nature in India 
Sneak peek as we fish our final headshots. It was freezing cold but a lot of fun! What a gorgeous space and such lovely people! 
All the best 
Up close & personal
With love 
When a dress trial without any makeup makes you look like this, U know you’re wearing a 
Happy birthday little one!!!!!
PART TWO!!!!
Another reason to 
Favourite show! 
How cute is this? Thanks 
For all my IT cell and bhakt friends- this love song is for you 
Thankyou universe for our 18th international Award! Overwhelmed
 Pakistanis will always remember you!
Woman Of The Decade!! What? But I only debuted in 2012 so that makes it 5 years in the industry..they tell me that it's 5 yrs of working in films + 5 yrs of potential..All I can say is-I will always try my best
About last night!! 
When barbell becomes your best friend 
 is a beautiful story that will touch your heart. 
Bridesmaids & Groomsmen Walk at 
 ’s MEHENDI and MASTI both are Prettiness Overload
Bedtime thoughts to sweet dreams 
Can’t wait for everyone to see this movie I legit cried my ass out 
It warms my heart to see all of the positive attention that 
Can't wait to see this heartfelt coming out story on the big screen. 
I Love Simon! 
Presenting: 
Can’t figure out words so here’s my 
when it's festive season you gotta go traditional. Love 
"When I stand before God one day, I hope that I don't have a single bit of talent left, and say Lord, I used everything you gave me." 
 I hope your day is as beautiful as mine 
"I think it happens to everyone as they grow up. You find out who you are and what you want, and then you realize that people you've known forever don't see things the way you do. And so you keep the wonderful memories, but find yourself moving on." 
Listen carefully to how a person speaks about other people to you. This is how they will speak about you to other people.

Have a stress free weekend tweethearts. God bless! 
Live your truth. Express your love. Share your enthusiasm. Take action towards your dreams. Walk your talk. Dance and sing to your music. Embrace your blessings. Make everyday worth remembering. 
Learn to think well of yourself 
This Is How Real Men Shoot Animals 
Huge mobilisation by the 
All top 4 artists have given us magical performances tonight. 
final flight back home from tour! its amazing looking back at the last month and a half and noticing how much Jesus was a part of everything that happened. the shows, meet n greets, long bus rides, prayers backstage...legit everything! i feel accomplished, proud, and honored 
We are LIVE on Instagram. Join us to witness 
 i just saw u first tym on screen 
Got a pic! He’s so beautiful
 comes to an end...so proud to see our baby growing ...so hard to say goodbye to my family til the next season... how I love the entire crew 
No better person for the job! All heart and so dedicated!! 
Everyone involved = family 
already have 
What an amazing welcome for the Top 4 by this season's fabulous artists! 
! 
Keep sending in those questions using 
We were thrilled to be a part of it 
At times surprise yourself 
Mooi Dems!!! 
Ahmedabad! The AR Rahman Encore Tour hits your city TONIGHT! We are all set to perform at the TransStadia Arena at 7pm!!! See you 
Means a LOT, thank you! 
What an honour it was to perform! Thank you 
Attending weddings makes me feel like marrying you all over again 
I totally love the picture 
That's such a beautiful picture 
As the show comes to an end, we thank all of you for making it super special 
Finally. Tonight. A sip and chat with my professional crush, his royal highness 
A few more pics. We love you Stellenbosch! 
Today, we're at 
And here it is 
Their hearts only melt for each other. Watch Tiger & Zoya's 
Absolutely love this song 
 is dark gripping optimistic! Beautiful performances 
All the best to the lovely team of 
It's all about 
A tune that Tiger & Zoya's hearts sing for each other
Amazing Night With My Fav Girls 
Celebrate this mothers day with 
Such a cool song 
Haha love youuuuu my favourite boy 
After 5 years, baba and I are back in a train 
You guys need to see this!!!! My friends are TOOOO talentedd
Thanks all of you!! So sorry couldnt meet you all. Next time promise 
Blockbuster happiness!!!! Love you all 
So, so excited for 
All you need is 
If you’re thinking about giving someone an exotic pet as a holiday gift, please watch this first.
Thank you 
“My son was born on his great grandmothers 90th birthday.
Here is a recent photo of them both taken this Mother's Day.” 
How special, thanks for sharing it with us, Elizabeth Harding. Do you share a birthday with someone special in your family? 
The Gorgeous 
Roy was leaving his local Remembrance Day service when he saw a man sitting at the edge of a church, he went over to have a chat with the man. The stranger was 28-year-old Billy White, Roy’s little brother who he hadn’t seen since he was a baby. 
Miley and 
This is beautiful! Thank you for this great initiative, hope the kids and everyone enjoyed the film as much as we did. 
ગોલમાલ અગેન ટીમ તરફથી ધન્યવાદ. 
Thank you for making our GOLMAAL family the most loved family in the country! 
Happy times 
Shaadi nights with this one 
 people are real! 
Captain Div 
Happy birthday to my Queeeeeen! 
 performance! Man I feel like a woman! 
Keep tweeting and RTing 
Sending our Aussie farmers some 
LATEST PICS: 
This Children's Day, spending time with these kids reminded me of what innocence feels like. Thank you 
Be who you are  And say  What you feel —�—�—�because—�—�- Those who mind  Dont matter… 
My 1st Garba in Vadodara! What an atmosphere! What a feeling! Thank you Vadodara 
WOMEN CRUSH
Wish you a very very happy birthday mam... lots of love 
Concert tomorrow night 7:30pm 
Guess who loved these boots?

When you have friends as gorgeous as this, they’ve got to be in 
Tomorrow evening show 
Man who let his lady lead is the real man
Love you Deepak 
Love You Handsome 
Today is 3 years since my daughter's open heart surgery. So proud of her and so grateful for the team at 
Proud moment!  Super proud of my girl!  Hard work is paying off.  Btw... double digit boards!  
Great game tonight from both teams
IF you 
Nivin Fans Tamil Nadu are ready to celebrate this
Yes.. it is for 
T    H    U    R    S    D    A   Y 
Happy Valentine's Day! 
No one deserves it more. Her work rate is inspiring. Vote for excellence today. Proud of you 
 anna emotional feeling movement 
With love from us.... 
, 
Presenting the 2nd Poster from  
Here we go! 1st Look of our Production Venture 
25 Years Of Success 
When THALAPATHY 
Dedicated to 
This Pair 
Click of the Day!! 
Title Design of 
And today,I began a new journey
Oh!December
“As you grow older,you will discover that you have two 
Absolutely
Thanks for the memories, Northeast Ohio 
Overwhelmed & humbled by the 1M
We will miss you, Glenda 
Any suggestions fr non toxic pest control? In Chennai 
Overwhelmed with the love U guys showered on 
1 month of US! 
And smiling at the memories we made! 
In today's 
 helps us break the news about our 
It's the little things in life 
My sweetest Mamaya & MrC 
Ravishing Beauty 
Congrats to my boy 
My best wishes my Anna
Incredible films & pure hardwork! 42years of the never ending passion for my Sweet Father 
Awwww my loving brother 
Our angels growing up too fast!! 
Cute & Romantic Pair 
Wearing this beautiful blue cape saree from 
Come watch us in ur nearest theatre
My sweetest 
#5 Million Views for 
All best ur movie sir big blockbuster hit agali 
Pick up from where you left...! Presenting 
Romantic Single Track  
 is my biggest 
Wishing my “UYIRNANBAN” one of my favourite music director 
Wishing our POWERSTAR my inspiration a very HAPPY BIRTHDAY..may god bless u with hail n health cos u r our wealth sir..love u forever
Such a stunner! 
Blue is beautiful 
There's something going very right with your life when you're excited leaving Goa, to go back home to Hyderabad 
Wow 
Perfection 
 hung out at magic place called Les Drapeaux de France 
Watching Bryn Terfel in Falstaff 
 thanks for the 
His madness is what’s keeping him with me 
Just the dash of colour this outfit needed 
Our earrings and her be the prettiest 
"Your wings already exist... All you have to do is fly" 
 I honestly think you guys should do the podcast weekly! Seriously seriously! 
#44 throwing shade!  
Finally decorated my surface book. Thanks 
My mom is the bravest, coolest, and funniest person I know. When I grow up (I’m still pretty young ALRIGHT?!) I want to be as strong as her. I love you, 
So, yesterday I sang in front of a few thousand Japanese skating fans and TBH it was pretty awesome. (Thank you 
Thanksgiving Lions game! Thankful for y’all 
Ss falling in love w/Katherine Applegate's books and characters! They 
A wish for themselves.
A wish for someone else.
A wish for the world.

Today we made our own wishtree as 5HA finished Wishtree. 
Thrilled to see The Vanderbeekers in 
We fell in love with Crenshaw & Jackson. 
 sometimes it feels so hard to get through the day but your love and positivity makes it a little easier. Thank you, Based God 
It's off topic, but I have to say I love 
Family are the people who accept you for who you are & support you no matter what. 
last night with the charmers in 
Here's what I think: books and movies are different creatures. Both can live on their own merits. Both can be loved. I 
My love to Iran 
CS 
◑˔◑ Proud, humbled, and inspired to be one of designers who had the pleasure to designed the 
Cutting edge, state-of-the art tech - the Stone Age 
Magic 
My guests were excellent - all down to them! Loved it 
If you dig her segments on 
I
Staffs gave me amazing memories and helped me become me...& feed my psych addiction! 
Love this!
Treat yourself this weekend with up to 30% off ladies and kids partywear at MONSOON! 
Thank you so much to the Confucius Institute (
Benidorm was thrilled to be included in last night's Royal Variety Performance.  The sketch wasn't listed in the programme so it could be a surprise and the audience reaction was amazing!! Now we CAN'T WAIT for 
Everyday is 
Channelling a certain Ms Mouse with this cute get-up, just before tea time! 
December, we've missed you 
Go on, treat your elf! 
Looking fwd to working with P2 and P3 classes tomorrow to share all the exciting resources in the 
Great event coming up 
 the 
I’m literally obsessed with everyone in this picture. The sisterhood is strong y’all 
true ep birthday and the emo vibes I’m feeling about it all + all your love, got me liiikeee
my brother hynes forever 
The famous 
‘Learners are at every stage of the Cycle’ 
ONE YEAR OF inVISABLE! Thank you all for supporting it and being apart of this journey. 

Watch the video below to see some highlights and don’t forget to check out 
Your chronic illness does not define you. Share your medical story and all the positive things you’ve done in spite of it. 
Everyone go listen to 
 that's why I still keep this sample in most of my tracks , some people don't like it but I do. And I love to hear ppl screaming" the wizerrrds" when I drop my tunes. 
Kinda like the " savages " sample the guys from Savage society use
We also have a range of cards and gifts for that last minute present for someone special! 
Exclusive: 
3 rounds in...
CHEMO FRESSHHHH & smiling everyday xx 
I love this 
posted this on FB but it’s important! support small businesses this cyber week and holiday season! and please share! 
Lazy sundays, but we got new releases from 
Read this article this morning and it’s been on my mind all day. Thank you for sharing 
That's my girl
 got red ribbon on my vest today at the Liverpool cross challenge cross country race in memory of Alex Holliday 
This thread. Twitter really is wonderful sometimes 
This puppy couldn't stop crying out in pain when anyone came near him because he'd never felt a gentle touch. But then he met this woman 
Myself and LSB have decided to release this tune to help with immediate expenses for Marcus' family.


Some good news for a change! 


Congrats to you both 
Ok yeah im Asian Is that a big deal ? My music is universal .... 
My love is infinite and self replicating, but my defenceless heart is not. Drink from my endless well of love you may, but protect my heart from being got. 
So, PLEASE first call your local ac before buying from a breeder because these animals need good homes this holiday season 
what a fitting day to hit 2 million streams on fall for you.. so thankful every day 
Brings me so much joy to see members of the 
Don’t miss your chance to win a gift hamper worth £50 from 
3 MOBO’s, love you all, thank you 
Due to the state emergency in Pensacola Florida I regretfully can't make it to Pass The Good Festival :( pls stay safe out there peeps 
Always have so much love for these two, thanks for the 
What an honour to be able to pay homage to the Queen of Disco and Beyond 
Bless my fans 
Nuff love for the support
New music from JLEON! Big ups to 
Shout out to our fam 
Thank you for sharing 
 I have no words to describe how amazing you were tonight at 
Two of my favourite chefs will be rocking it tonight. Lucky 
What’s a wonderful day yesterday I married my best friend 
Absolutely stunning! Thank you for sharing all the incredible places you visit. Definitely adding to my summer plans xx 
It's wonderful because most people would miss a place like this. You share and bring life to the images xx 
Gorgeous! 
Some never before seen pictures 
Happy Anniversary you wonderful man! 
We are so excited to see our beautiful 
Sad day today! RIP Ian (Mr Flackwell Heath) 
Service on .200 guests 
Love you 
Watching my girl 
Almost $3000 raised so far for We Are ZOE from my charity holidays shoots. Thank you friends..
Me and my boy 
Julian from 
Hey there 
Super excited to talk at this Thursday's event with the amazing Tasha, still a few places left. Here's to the first of many! 
Why does running keeps your heart healthy? 
Here’s a short film I made with and inspired by my grandfather Rance Howard; a true romantic who lived an epic life with creativity, integrity and love. 
Well hello gorgeous  
It was my most extraordinary Friend 
Watching the rehearsals 
My darlings!! Experience our incredible 
Can’t wait for girl time with 
Wonderful!  
Texas, we are thinking about you and we love you and we're here for you. Be safe. 
A5) Seasonal ingredients are a great source of 
Nothing makes me happier than singing Christmas songs with my best friend 
Congrats to all the winners from the 
Thank you to The Week 
Wow, thank you 
Happy Thanksgiving to the U.S.! What are you grateful for? We are thankful for all of our community members and partners who have joined us in our conservation efforts to protect our planet for future generations. 
 is the spirit of 
17 Monate Liebe pur 
Friends and family time at 
Fact: Someone asked to share her cake right before taking this. Hope they know better now! Happy BDay to my friend and teammate 
Always a pleasure to share a moment with my fans 
HUMBLED 
Feeling very lucky to have this opportunity to play along side legends of the game 
I love you guys thanks for being part of this crazy journey! 
So much love for the west coast! 
Dear new york, stay strong... 
Haven't had a proper chance to thank everyone for the overwhelming response not only yesterday but this whole year. I appreciate all the support so so so much.


GUYS I HAVE SHIRTS !!! 
a worthy cause for 
Infographics from Michael Stoller’s library Bayer, Gerstner, Wirth, and De Witt. 
 you rock!!!!!!
Good luck to my boys 
Everyone’s entitled to their opinions and to express them, but it would be fab if people considered that behind every character you might dislike is actually a real person.

Great teacher, creative story teller and forever our drunken showman 
From the wedding of 
This makes me the proudest girlfriend ever!! 
Absolute worker!!! 
Thank you so much for making my girl 
Carlos is the BEST 
"bullying" up now 
happy thanksgiving to the people i should thank the most 
 I’m sooo hyped! DIGI tour in two weeks and I’m already getting stuff ready
My name is Tomris Laffly, and I approve this message. 
There's still time this 
He surprise me aww he the best 
Missing him so much rn 
Missing him already 
We are so cute 
IM GOING ON TOUR THIS WINTER!!! COME MEET ME AND A BUNCH OF OTHER PEOPLE! Tickets at 
Love smilin with the most important people in my life 
Merch almost sold out in 2 shows! Wow. Beyond thankful! 
Like & RT this for a follow.
Sorry Portland if I did bad:/ had a super bad day, but I love you guys to pieces 
Goodmorning to my beautiful sister and my little princess 
This beautiful girl got 2 of my merch hoodies. She is also a super sweet girl
Meet Domino 
So proud of you guys 
Who’s ready 3 hours till my new YouTube video 
fun times picking out pumpkins with my besties !!! 
Road trip with 
finally got a vlogging camera so I’m going to start vlogging:)
love meeting you guys 
nothing but smiles
she’s the best
It breaks r 
These lovelies warm our hearts. 
46 million slaughtered. How do we justify it? Just put Happy in front of it. Happy Turkey Day y'all! 
Remixed my favorite 
New music video for Oh Love 
Happy birthday to the life of the party, 
It was great to be back at 
Just like old times. 
So incredibly proud!! You so deserve all this and more baby!! 
This time last year, I was flying onto a demon 
Milwaukee and 
Oh! And the song high above is available on itunes! 
Thank you New York 
So proud to see this piece written by my man 
Retweet If You Appreciate Your Dad. 
Watch what happens when this big brother spots his little sister after getting off the school bus. It's priceless 
Don’t forget to tune in to the Soul Train Awards today at 8/7c
Thanks for 
Share the Impossible M Burger love 
This is my baby right here too 
So much fun with my longtime friends last night! connieorlando 
Thank you. 
I'm so thankful for every moment I spend with my amazing mom 
We asked people in 
JOIN ME- Take the 
I love and miss him! And absolutely adored him.! 
Excited to see u all as well. 
Thanks Facebook and the  
Baltimore!!! See ya tonight!!! 8 shows left!! Philly see ya Friday! DC see ya Saturday!! Jersey see ya Sunday! Tickets 
Beautiful.
I remember when President Martin was a 
"It's not often that a pair of shoes gets an ovation in a Broadway show!" 
"People come out of this show on a high unlike anything I’ve ever seen – a happiness with tears in their eyes." -
Not My Father's Son: 
 Kids learn to 
You change the world when you change your mind. 
Loved joining 
Love you, hope you’re okay 
can't wait to have you Brazil!! 
“Who loves to read?!” 
Big smiles from this morning at 
We truly appreciate that Lisa
Hey Jennifer, he recently left to work with his wife in her business. We all miss him
Thank you Pam for this sweet message
A weekend in the NW filled with waves and rainy weather 
Ayyyy with the double up 
Much 
New single "What We're Looking For" out tomorrow! 
Kelsey's giving us a closer look at her favorite moment so far from this season of 
don't know what this building is but the doors match my pants 
Waffles are alllll the rage! Me 
, I just googled your lyrics to find you after seeing 
Some will believe, some have to be convinced, some will try to define you for you. In the midst of it all, stay true. always believe 
Mad Love. Available Now! 
Good morning family! Thanks to all who tuned last night 
Happy thanksgiving everyone! I’m so thankful for my family, friends and fans.
 
Ta for talking last night with us 
Tonight I'm in conversation with the very brilliant 
For you tt 
"Sometimes you need to step off, regroup." Fletch has hit the nail on the head. We're all here for you Jac 
! We're giving away free hugs! See you on the wards at 8pm for visiting hour 
Not even a little rain could hold this day back 
It's not even Halloween and look at the pumpkins we have! Thanks to many many people for picking these up for us
Headed out with 
Coming soon.....
Five nominations for 
An amazing 
To my fantastic pal 
Yey Ingy 
lil snippet of tonight's show, more to come tomorrow! Thanks everyone 

With respect to those
who see the world without sight,
who have an ear for new melodies yet unable to hear,
who do the best even when others say they can't.
 
Who discover the world and life despite all obstacles, we stand by you. 


Hey Love Army! Count us in again for Rohingya people! 
Incredible to see both DRF’s VCWiz and 
 open your heart with me tomorrow ramayoganewyork 5:30 breathe + 6pm Shine class!… 
CLASS ACT 
Tomorrow night 

This is my kinda encouragement 
I love these people 
I'm kind of (super) obsessed with this. Fresh food is so important 
Just came across 
Lucid & sensitive Beethoven 2 thx to the clarity of 
Would like to dedicate this goal to little Toby Nye and his family 
 @ Black House Bar and Grill 
So glad you liked it 
Please RT! GREAT line up! GREAT venue! GREAT cause! GREAT price! My 
Lovely 
Landed baby girl 
 last nights vibes 
Loved having 
TM has snatched my soul with their Bridge Set tonight! 
On a more positive note watching 
Breakfast 
Goes out once... (
My handsome date at my cousin’s wedding.
Wouldn’t have my Wednesday any other way. 
2/3 Upland Dance Camp w/ Tristan! Love your dance and energy you brought today! 
Still dizzy from the huge amount of love&support we had last week 
 you were amazing in melbourne on sunday night! you made me feel so empowered and l just wanted to get up there and dance with you. you’re incredible!! see you in adelaide in feb 
 loved working with you tonight 
Beginning of a new journey... 
Filling in for 
Keep playing girl 
Thank you to everyone for their orders, including France, Singapore, Israel, and more! It's super overwhelming. 
Happy Halloween to everyone!! 
-Lewser
Rose and Jack 
Raising Cane’s Chicken Fingers 
Check out my good sis 
Kyle is a CUTIE 
The title of 
Brilliant time with the Oxford Bulls FC and 
A different look to our jersey today thanks to 
What a guy 
 2018 is just around the corner and we’re delighted to announce that Heart Children Ireland have launched their annual calendar! For only €10, you can buy this beautiful calendar and support an amazing charity. 
We are delighted to be involved with this great charity once again. Congratulations for the commendation 
If y’all are looking for a new podcast to listen to + you are into this thing called MUSIC, this is the one 
A week on Spotify Wild Country playlist & "The Blame" has 100k spins!!! THANK YOU SO MUCH!! 
They got Trisha but needed to get Garth too!! He is one I missed, but what an awesome video and arrangement 
Lovely to wake up to award nomination for 
Losing makes me strive - wise words from 
Here with 
Stay tuned for a Hair & Make Up Get Ready With Me video for last nights 
Great time last night with great people at the 
CONGRATS 
Our pleasure - we cannot wait until 17th February - thanks for your support all 
Are you interested in 5k a day January challenge for#positivementalhealth 2018? 
Yes Kate 
Love this team 
Wins tonight for Denmark and love 
Had an incredible national school teacher who could draw a map of Ireland from memory on the blackboard in under a half a minute. 
Great buzz in 
Huge love from the three of us; myself (Adam), my wife 
With signed Book of Bitters sales and 100% of the profits going to charity we raised €420 for 
Duuuuffffffyy I 
Day 3! Share your best blue and red books 
Hate on list season all you want but it brings me so much joy to take some time out to go back and listen to all the wonderful music from the past year 
Happy birthday beautiful Robert. What a wonderful young man you are growing into!! Much much love to you 
Wreath making at 
Popped in to Parliament House,as you do, to see Senator Dean Smith on this historic day when 
STEPS WERE ABSOLUTELY PHENOMENAL 
Still bursting with pride 
What a treat at 
The undateables 
Big moment for me, at King Tut’s with 
When you're stuck in traffic for over an hour but you know you're in good company 
1 yr into practice & what a yr its been!
Happy 2 get a community yr  under my belt, but am an academic @
Big
Had the best time @ 
Please become members and choose 
Guest faculty tonight: Dr. George Willis (EM, 
A2 screen print for the happy couple 
No, thank YOU, Ensign Alex! 
What a devoted 
Hidden SPOILERS in 
Lots of acts of kindness today 
Thank you for giving us the opportunity to revisit this beautiful hotel & see the brand new meeting concept. We 
Fantastic halfway point to our 
well done everyone 
In love with this print by @pinkijones in the 
S2:ep2 "He's a great man. One day, he might even be a good one".
S4:ep3 "He's not just a great man. He's a Good one".

GIVE YOUR 
Massive congratulations to the England 
Cannot wait for 
JAPAN! It was so wonderful to be back!! 
Love you karen
Are these the last grapes being harvested in the U.K?  Chardonnay in Devon 
When your favorite radio station plays your new single right after one of your favorite people and bff’s. 
There is so much love between us... 
Here comes 
Jeff Tweedy joining Kronos Quartet for “Born Alone,” wow. 
Oi 
JUST SAW JANINE (KILLED BARRY IN EASTENDERS) AT BRIGHTIN STATION. WAS WAY TOO STAR STRUCK TO GET A SELFIE, BUT THAT KIND OF OMEN MEANS TOUR IS GONNA BE GREAT 
Spent the morning with two luminaries 
We have just about recovered from 
Fab interview with the paper angel 
Trying the new 
MASSIVE THANKS to the amazing crew 
There are no words that sum up the sad loss of such a bright star. RIP Malachi 
Love the street Art around the city of Norwich 
Absolutely 
Gorgeous sunset over the River Wensum this evening 
Will Linda say yes... Again??? 
You said you’d like a soft drink option, so we thought we’d better get the best in the business! Saturday’s taplist ft. 
This photo is EVERYTHING 
 great event tonight I learnt so much 
Whippet Sundays are more than just a day at the pub 
We're thankful today and every day for our incredible guests and staff from all across the globe who help us create moments and memories that matter. 
Send your Cvs over to Amsterdamcareers@sushisamba.com or PVM me 
Happy birthday to my sweet love!! 
 this! Saw u in DC last wk! Wld be so thrilled 2 have u 
Beautiful Elaine
A learned woman is undisputedly an unstoppable force 
Yaaass!! I love it! 
Sea otters: providing 100% of your daily requirement of cuteness. 
 Our amazing 
Read 
More boards around the pitch! We're very grateful for the support! 
Which side has the "bigger" following?

RT - Rangers

 @ Laird Hall - Barts & The London Students Association 
Molesey 3 
Tonight’s line up
MOM Tonight 
Molesey 1 Sittingbourne 1 Scored by Ronnie
So many awesome women 
Loving the spirit 
When you find lovely posts like this from your AWESOME social media manager .. it brightens your day right up!! For anyone wanting help with their social then Laura at Anchor & Dash is THE best 
James Baldwin died 30 years ago today. By coincidence we've just received the first copies of 
If you were a member before you will need to reactivate your 
thanks chicago for another great night 
Had so much fun with 
Certified chicken burger 
Pre Christmas party with the White Hart fam. 
This is absolutely fantastic. Sylvester in suburbia.
Welcome to the family 
This Black Friday. 

Let one person know about 
Just go with it..
That's brilliant I didn't know they dug us sooo much... 
Wow thanks that's incredible guys 
Thanks 
NEWS we think Rosie is very near 
FRIDAY 
FREE UK SHIPPING
USE CODE 
FREESHIPMATE 

When it's cold but you still 
Thanks for all of the love on Higher 
It’s Here!!! Higher Feat 
Highlight of my day was the free parking at 
Whooooo are you?! Lol well done cuz! 
Happy record release day, 
Way to be quick to respond, Rebekah! Our in-store with 
Have you stopped by to enter to win tickets to the 
This sounds like a fab way to kick off the Christmas season in Music City! 
Check out my moves on the latest 
In just three months, our volunteers packed 61,152 disaster relief boxes for hurricane victims. We 
Be grateful for your past, present, and future. 
They are the best 
Loved styling these 
Ahhh Kodwa Tando to see myself through your eyes though, is a blessing. Thank you! 
Thank you to our amazing nail and lash sponsor 
Have you heard of No More Taboo? 
Loving the dark, rich tones in this picture
Fall glam using 
Practice Makes Perfect 
Please tweet us your looks with RED 
North Hansen is one of those songs you can never get tired of. 
I love u more!!! 
Henz Club in Seoul was so good tonight. Still blows me away when people on the other side of the world sing along to my records. 
Tour is over, and we’re on our way home. 

Thank you to everyone who came out to see us this past month. Next year we will be on the road more than ever. 

S/O to our new friends 
You had so much love for me bro. May your soul rest in blissful peace. Love always 
. Sundays 8 pm, ch 161 
YO, 
Dr Magano
Dr Gobodo
Dr Parthasarady
Dr Conjwa 
Would love to come to the show! Hope to meet you there 
Our show tonight in Chicago has been moved to Live Wire Lounge. The show is now 21+. We are very sorry to anyone who can't be admitted. We'll be back soon
Boston is always way too nice to us. Thank you 
Here’s the video of my proposal. I sang Morghanne and I’s song “I love you, I love you. It’s disgusting.” By 
This is neat. Ty 
Go check out the Friday Cratediggers playlist on 
Woah. So happy to have been a part of this tour for 3 summers. Taught me so much. Including how to be patient for food. ;) I owe you warped. 
Dublin 
CHURCH TONGUE 
I'm so hurt right now having to post this but here is my full memorial statement for gus known to the world as lil peep . 
Love you forever bro 
What was your favorite release of November?! 
 is out now!!! Thank you for all your support! Love y‘all! 
you can actually taste the love. 
A Sunday morning golden oldie
TONIGHT Vegan tacos 
Family... 
This it was Halloween in my beloved ITALIA ... what a night!!! 
Weetamix Ginevra Swiss yesterday was great! I hope to come back soon 
Playing 4-6pm Today At 
3am Adventurers! They've made my weekend special. 
Ohhh bro 
Dreaming never killed anyone my beloved 
Doing the most in this video.
Djing is an art
 Happy Easter
Good songs are timesless. Behold we present to you a remake of one of your favourite tunes Happy Yourself ft. Efya 
Thanks u guys for Sharing this with me I am blessed 
JACK! 
One of dance music’s fastest rising stars, we can't wait for Helena Hauff's return to XOYO this Saturday
Onaa kɛ Shatta Wale be some different guy. 
RIP N.E wish you was still with us. N.EV.E.R forget The real OG 
whdesign.ny Has always been one of my favorite interior decorating stores in NYC 
Fall campaign 
So exited 
Wherever you go, shine...

UK eSports player of the year baby!!!! Thanks for the support and a unbelievable year 
I did it !!! 157/160 monthly which means I officially managed to qualify for the first FUT Champions event in 
Great stream guys, 5+ hours done. 15-0 currently, we go again tomorrow! 
Our EP 
Thanks for the photo 
 to a Capo Wedding! 
Don’t miss Fashion Police: The Farewell tonight on E! at 8/7c 
The moment has arrived!  This amazing metallic puffer coat just went online right now!!! Hurry before we sell out (trust me, we will) by going to link in my bio or 
Loving the way the gorgeous 
What a rockstar! 
Protecting children's rights is our priority. 
All my backers, you have my entire gratitude! 
Last chance to get this ultra chic down puffer for just $72.95 (price goes up at midnight!!) Shop it now on 
The first day in NYC was a success 
Check out how 
Don’t you want this deliciousness in your belly? Ck out our calendar at 
Great win today 
Always go with the choice that scares you the most because that's the one that is going to help you grow. JAX 
Today we face 
The end of a very long but fun Thursday of interviews 
Aston Villa Fans at Leeds United Last night 
Well someone decided to show up 4 weeks early 
OUR GIRL IS ENGAGED!!!!!!!!!! So happy for you 
Keylor Navas WOW 
Thank you!! 
  was nice to say by to you all face to face I wish you all the best this is not the end I love you all but it's time thank u 
Tonight was surreal: I had tears in my eyes, hugged strangers beside me, and looked up to thank God for that moment... one of many to come, my love 
When your mates buy this for your sick dad! Legends 
Dream come true making my 
Most amazing honour being called into the 
Liverpool with the wife 
Love you guys. Thanks for hanging! Have to run. Be back soon to chat. See you soon on the road!! 
Awesome fan art by Leila. Love seeing this. 
Got to see and catch up with 
Tonight was so great!! Got to see, hang and catch up with 
Breaking the 2-hour marathon. Crazy? Yes. So we’re doing it. 
  please help if you can 
The end of AIDS begins with YOU. 
An early gift to me from me! 
I never thought it would be possible to love my job more and more each day! 
There is nothing better as support your friends and family as much as you can . It’s all about love and cohesion 
Please read and if possible dig deep for a great cause. 
Gooo on gal 
Super duper excited to get to Aus with these girls 
Everything I do is for you 
Tues 10/10 ULTIMATE JAM NIGHT will raise money for the University Medical Center Las Vegas! Please show your support & join us! 
Unexpectedly Auckland
The ladies of 
This is why we have Minion Day at 
Providing entertainment for 'UMC Strong' luncheon today. 
Magical morning performing for kids at 
What an honour to be a part of Pakistan’s Delegation to Global Entrepreneur Summit 2017 in India! Thanks to the wonderful support.
Next Stop India! 
The Amazing 
Todays News. I am featured at Jang News Science and Technology Section. :D 
Wool hats off to the 2,400 volunteers, starring 
Our devs 
Unfortunately we are closing up shop. Thank you all for joining us on this journey! 
My heart is so full, so thankful to be in the Bahamas with my team 
Happy birthday to my dance partner and best friend 
Last-first game in Hilton!! So excited to see what this team can do this year!! 
Happy Birthday
Happy Birthday Big Meg! Thanks for always making me laugh and for giving me the best pre-game massages! Love and miss you
Happy Thanksgiving! So thankful for everything God's blessed me with and all the special people in my life
OU Fb making it look easy!
Proud mom of my babies
Unicorns are real...so is this win. So proud of my team 
So many people counted us out, but we always believed in each other. So proud of this team, WE AINT DONE YET
I’m gonna love you forever. Forever and Evans, Amen. 
God gives his hardest battles to his strongest soldiers
Sure is!!! 
Sooo appreciate all of the support from the HS Coaches and their players tonight !!! 
You're so welcome ladies! Love y'all and ball out this year too! 
Happy 1st Birthday little bron bron. Stop growing up so fast. Miss this precious boy so much 
Thank you lil mama ! 
Jak’s ready for 
 Media Day! Puppy Love freshmen shot of the day! 
Shoutout to the boyz for helping me meet my forever best friend 
For anyone wondering about Sebastian who introduced himself to the crowd tonight, he's going through a tough time right now but we are wishing him the very best and glad he could be here 
 check out 
Last Key Club Board meeting of the school year! We love these kids and their dedication to making the world a better place 
We are so 
JUST BOUGHT MY 
"It takes a BIG 
Puppy love 
Thank you for sharing the love
Best night w/ 
Invited 5 random people to Steve's show during my travel day and they ALL came. That just made my heart grow with even more 
- she is a mother  
 hearing 
It's your love 
The relationship with 
Thank you for coming to seeee meeee
SO CUTE love u too 
SHOUTOUT TO 
Yeah!! Hear me!! Thank you 
This is unacceptable. I’m gonna leave two tickets under your name at willcall for tonight!!! Hope you can make it!!!
Hey if you're the princeton first year who emailed me last week can you email me again idk where it went and I want to reply thankyou 
After 
I received mine on release day! I just finished it!! What an amazing read!! The stories and memories are PRICELESS!! Already wanting more! 
Awwww! Just got home & saw this! Thank you, my beautiful badass girlfriend!  So sweet of you! But I also have to give our amazing stunt team a shout out too! They made sure I didn’t do anything I wasn’t suppose to do! 

 I love you, 
Always fun with you guys! Thank you 
Today sucks. Show Ralph all the love. 
We're going to discuss this ad on the air tomorrow - and others that made you bawl like a baby and want to throw your arms around the world. This one got me right in the gut. 1:40 of perfection. 
YES! Thanks to the awesome 
Check out my new 
Fantastically fun evening!! 
Love comes in every color! 
Our fearless leader 
I’m so grateful for so many memories - but my mind is laser focused on the future 
Beautiful silhouette shot of 
Nothing but love for this incredible woman! 
Praying for you and Bob! You have been through so much, Carol, now this...sending love and hugs
Amber, I had no idea of course. I’m crushed for you. I just wanted to make sure you had not had a bad experience and wanted to help. There are no words for what I am feeling. God bless you, Love. We are all here for you
My love 
 this is my favorite podcast. Facts. And I love when you have 
Thank you everyone including 
 this 
The best days of my life were spent in KC. I’ll miss you guys. Thank you for the good times. MO you have a piece of our heart forever. 
Thank you, from the bottom of my heart, for all your support during the good times & the bad times, the first times & the second times. 
I’m #5 but you been my #1 through this long journey 
Have an amazing day, lovelies.
4th foldout US cover with these beautiful babes from 
I love you forever Granddad. 
Flying high on this beautiful fall day in Maryland:)
Best friend best friend best friend 
Happy Halloween!
Came home to this little one perched on my DINNER TABLE! 
Great morning @ The Door. What a profoundly spectacular gem. NYC is lucky to have you 
If you think there's a love story more moving and emotionally transcendent than "The Hug", you may be as crazy as Susannah. 


Check our new favourite category on @mlhshop_onlinestore - 
My favorite 
Note to dads: create a bond with your daughter to where she feels like she can talk to you about her personal life, relationships, guys, etc. 
One of the best things in my life is my relationship with my dad...talking every night about life! 
 we are proud of you
I adore THIS man, this writer, this man in the trenches doing work shifting paradigms 
Make sure you pursue your passion today
Moments like these are why I love playing the game... Shane’s reaction and face is priceless 
Lol you cheating I still got some hours left but thanks ZI 
Check out this amazing Elwood property listed by Pride Prahran. Boutique living over 2 levels with 'Wow' factor! 
Follow please follow my amazing Bruins! Great students and athletes! 
Want to wish everyone a Happy Thanksgiving ! Love is Love 
Love in the air
All Glory to God 
Gotta love him!! 
Thank you Jadyn!! I’m glad you got to come out to the game. Love you
This little fellow arrived yesterday morning 
We just love this filly 
Views like this make winter seem not so bad after all. Give us a 
Christmas makes everyone feel like a big kid, so make your childhood dreams come true with a trip to Lapland. Give us a 
We love this! So cute 
Winx stepping out for a gallop 
Celebrating smashing my Equine Psychotherapy Institute practical exams! Has been an amazing journey 
I love you 
Happy 3rd Anniversary to the love of my life, my wife, my bubby 
Special moments like these... Take the Ribbon & her Zoffany colt 
Retweet in loving memory of this honorary Aussie and Melbourne Cup Legend RED CADEAUX ..forever in our hearts 
For those who 
Betty’s Bambino 
Big thanks to these 
Trap for fools 
Forever my favourite gym buddy 
PS stay safe Melbourne 
Huge thanks to all who helped to raise thousands $$ for young Australians with high care needs at the 
We’re stoked to be kicking off Youngcare Long Lunch Sydney! 
So proud to be the daddy of this lil lady!!
Finished 3rd in the Long Beach 
USC alumni 
Happy Birthday to my forever beach partner in crime!! Love you 
Life isn't always easy and sometimes you have to do what's best for you. Beyond thankful for everyone that was with me along my journey
"I 
Fun fashion show tonight by avpfirst 
GAMEDAY vs Wisconsin at 4 p.m on espn2 
I have been privileged to work with some of the most amazing women I’ve ever known while at 
Tis the season to cozy up at 
Earned the gold medal here at the NORCECA Punta Cana with young gun 
We’re launching 
Kentucky Derby win 2016 
Received my diploma in the mail! It's official 
Course tear down was a family affair as the WHOLE clan stayed late on Sunday night. 
Just some Sunday thoughts. 
You guys!! I'm so excited for u to hear my EP!!!So excited!!!! Wrote the songs my self and im working with great producers! It's coming along slowly but surely. That along with my website 
I love u unconditionally 
There’s nothing better than a homemade gift! 
Thank you!! I appreciate it!! Love all my real ones 
NEW VIDEO IS UP!!!

‘MAKING BURGERS IN TOY MICROWAVE’

Comment, like & Subscribe! 
Happy 2 year anniversary to 
Fun Fact: our Healthy Grains Maple Quinoa Clusters are a staple in 
Fingers crossed for 
“Be cool headed and warm hearted” 
Life!!
Shocked, thoughts are with the Lomu family right now 
Finally got to catch up with 
Get to know our Canadian para-athletes
 Our project pick of the day comes from 
Huge, juicy, onion & cheese-topped thanks to 
What a fabulous night! Thank you to everyone who joined us for our 
An epic Sunday brunch is what we'd call this! P.S. we don't share chips, hit 
Join us!
►
Our brave investigators are key to exposing animal cruelty!

RT if you 
YOU MAY MISS OUT!

►
Nice new listing! 
Thanks, 
This was the most fun ever! Thank you so much 
Woke up at 5:45 because I can’t sleep- I am still reliving that game last night!! No time for sleep! Today we relish in the fact that this team, OUR team, OUR GEORGIA BULLDOGS are the 2017 SEC CHAMPS and are in the college football playoffs!! Never underestimate the “G”! 
Most awesome news of the year. Love you, 
In a committed relationship with myself. I love Liv 
If you’re looking for a fun and super thought provoking interview, look no further than this awesome interview with 
Awwww thank you so much!  
Inspired by all the New Yorkers I see running, walking and biking along West Street today. 
This will stay pinned until the day that it happens. Thank you so much, Kenny Omega. I love you. I won't fail, especially not now! 
I miss you, 
Off we go home. Thank you to our great friends 
inspired by so much bravery today 
Arrived home to this medal today 
What's it like to make partner in a Big 4 public accounting firm?  Why do partners 
We all die. The goal isn't to live forever. The goal is to create something that will. 

Love this quote. 

I hope my legacy will last 
Aw, shucks! We’re blushing 
Please vote! The buddy project helps fight stigma and the silence around mental illness! They deserve this more than anyone
Having a 
Standing room only on day 2 of Family Engagement Week! Brighter Bites staff came to demo a healthy salad recipe. Delish! Great job Isaac and the entire FAME Committee! Love our Best families! 
Greetings Texas 2017 Statewide Parental Involvement Conference!

Thank you for showing me SO MUCH 
Had pleasure working with this beaut 
More wonderful news today....we are thrilled to welcome 
If your 
Our love and thoughts are with 
Words from the great 
It’s not every night your life is made, so thank you 
Can't wait to see My mate Jo (Joanna riding/Dame Riding) in this. She always truthful and beautiful and extremely talented and NEVER crap
No problem. It was a lovely evening- thanks to you. So many memorable moments - and I totally 
Hey people of Portsmouth or Hants! I’ll be down your sides on Friday with some amazing Comics! Click the link for tix:


This is so lovely. You are the cutest 
Had a brilliant day yesterday meeting some lovely people from the incredible 
Gigging 
Well done Sadie, proud Dad moment 
Highlight of last night for me was Eliot! What a man and talent. This song is just beautiful 
This sounds like something we Don't want to miss...neither should 
 (21) thanks for a v good interview
 with the best scene partner 
Details of soup kitchen SPREAD THE WORD COME ALONG DONATE 
Aw :) was reminded of this today, so good to see 
Ahead of her Dublin gig next week... tune in to the arts show on 
Thanks a mill 
Yvonne 
Very excited to have organised a special performance from one our much loved alumni for Blacks' 25th Birthday party on Wednesday... 
Ah lads. Thank you 
THE OFFICIAL LOS ANGELES CARES - UNITED IN MUSIC FOR PUERTO RICO & MEXICO LINEUP IS HERE! + MANY SPECIAL GUESTS! 
If you have a little believer in your life... you have to get them onto our YouTube channel. You won’t be disappointed I promise 
Thank you for all the love on this 
I recorded a special version of Better Now a few weeks ago and it goes out on 
Happy birthday, Sylvia Plath. She would have been 85 today. 
Oh hey that's us. Thanks for including us 
7 hours left 
Many thanks to everyone who shares our animals! We continue to be grateful for all of our New Hope partners and adopters
This post is awesome! Thank you for reminding everyone how great shelter pets are
Many thanks to everyone who share our animals! We continue to be grateful for all of our New Hope partners and adopters
6 more days till our next gig. 


Cheers guys for the spinning our track 
 love 
THANKYOU for sharing this with me
Had to buy a last minute candle. Tonight we smell like pie crust vanilla and belt it for 
Thanks for the love! 
We'll just leave this here. 
Playing "far away place" w/xinobi opening for 
The community support for the good work of 
Please watch & share w/ kids 
A big congrats goes out to our dear friend Sheila Whyte from 
I love this!! Thank you
Love justice enough to ignite action. 
I love you always, Grandma Flawless. 
Thanks for the love on 'Doubt House' 
Follow on Instagram and DM me to win 2 tickets for my show tomorrow night 
Wow! That 
Remember to check out my new 
All beginnings are gloriously messy 
Last night 200 kids came to see 
This week in Madrid with 
a nice reminder 
 we drove from Raleigh to see you on your 2nd night at 
We are a nice meeting point 
Thanks to all at 
watched it so many times but just cried at my 
Really could not be more excited about this 
Aw shucks 
Our new hoodies are now in stock. Grab yours now to stay warm this winter! Thank you for your support 
Have you preordered our new merch yet? Last few tshirts remaining so grab one whilst you can! 
Here's a snippet from the 
Very chuffed to be part of this magic!
Get it watched. Get it shared. Get it bought.
Peace. 

wowZA. London, thank u for the biggest show we’ve ever played. most importantly, thank u 
Brighton, u always make us feel so welcomed!! Thx for last nite 
Love flying across the West End! 
No better time to 
  Make me fall in love with music again 
Feeling So Good is out now! 
LAST CHANCE 
DJ MAG TOP 100 
One year since we sadly lost Manchester legend, Craig Gill. Our thoughts today are with his family, friends and 
The Ohio State and Buckeye community are in our hearts and thoughts today. Stay safe and watch out for each other. 
ICYMI: Love these guys and what they do. So happy to be a part of this track 
Happy 29th Birthday to my sexy babe 
8 Trees.

9 Feet Tall.

750 Glass Ornaments. 

1,500 Tree Lights.

The Liberty Hotel has installed eight fully decorated upside down Christmas trees suspended from its 90 foot rotunda ceiling for the holiday season.


Boston is beautiful in December. 
Empowering women to achieve economic independence by providing a network of support, professional attire, & the development tools to help women thrive in work & in life.

The Pru is red & white tonight for Dress For Success. 


Tour with 
Hi SANTA ROSA! This show is a benefit for Santa Rosa Fire Relief. We hope you can make it out and we can help your city rebuild. 
Sneak peak@our trio of homes  in
Less than 2 weeks until the new season of 
 God gave us our husbands, our babies, and each other. We will always stand back 2 back and heart 2 heart. We travel this road together. I love you
Simply beautiful! Love it
Love this
FAMILY-We are ok
Happy Birthday My Sweet Husband. I Love You 
 @Kehlani. Proud of you and all that you’re doing! Go Girl! 
My Lil Sis 
Remembering Dick Clark, who we lost 5 years ago today.
A cultural & entertainment icon and true visionary. We miss you. 
I'm so sorry you have to put up with this, T
Please, remember that you can always block the people who aren't treating you with respect
Take care 
We love you! Be strong you are not alone 
Andrea, you‘re so important to every single one of us. Your family and your 
My brother has been missing since 6 o'clock this morning near Clyde at Kirkfield bank area please share for any info. 
Yo! My 
If you love cake, ice cream and milkshakes then our Stacked Shakes will be all you could ever wish for 
RT if you're as happy as Duffy that December's here at last!  
You can’t teach heart,  wait an see 
Ps also thanks to 
Goodnight 
: "There has been a general improvement in the health of the students – students wash their hands after visiting the toilets, they wash their uniforms and even clean their classrooms.” 
Can’t wait for night two at 
Don’t forget to buy your 
thank you so much for all the grammys love today everyone, the only reason we're where we are is because of all of you. thank you SO much for giving us this job. 
Guys, thank you for everything! 
Mistakes is out now!!!
Thank you SO much for all the love you been sending my way about it 
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH!!!!!!!!! 
GUYS! We're part of The Edge's 5 Songs You Must Hear This Week!!! Thanks 
this is SUPER IMPORTANT ... 
The cutest Christmas-wear around! 
Some of our Toronto office staff are heading out to 
I'm not at the bar with her but because of 
All proceeds to benefit Sonoma County Resilience Fund! Come share the love
Welcome to the Warner Nashville fam, 

Mount Kimbie being amazing - Their new album is out next Friday. 
 Your TRENDING!!!! Love the New Track 
£139.21 Raised today doing a tuck shop & raffle raising money for 
Thank you so much for signing mine!
Just got this in the post at the stage door...  
It would be our absolute pleasure! We 
Everyday is  
Absolutely amazing night at Nativity the Musical 
Day 3 of Advent. 
It’s December 1st!! 
Happy Heavenly Birthday Lovely Lady. You Are Very Much Missed Now As Always 
Lighting a candle for Bernie Nolan on her birthday, I’ve been a massive Nolan fan for over 35 years , they are the soundtrack to my life 
Check this out everyone 
When your ice cream flavour is the last in the supermarket 
Ahhh 
And it was brilliant 
Be sure to catch my beautiful wife 
Myself & 
 2 years ago something very special happened. 
In memory of the great Tony Fenton. Always loved. Always missed. 
LEEDS I am in u 
babeeee 
Ahh, the power of gratitude 
You are so immensely talented 
Hey everyone, feel free to tweet questions you would like The Shahrouk's to answer for an upcoming LIVE. We are also open to suggestion and ideas. 
I miss Ireland 
 ! A marriage and a wedding day are beautiful, it is the marriage that lasts forever 
 never disappoints. 
These gorgeous snaps make our hearts sing! 
One mo’ time.... 
Congratulations Emma Fraser, Grace Dyas and 
Best of luck Anne!!! Whatever the outcome you’re a hero to us!! Have an amazing night! 
Anyone work in 
Check it out - Theresa and Thomas from our Centre in 
RETWEET if you're in 
A selection of our latest Max Factor must-haves 
This gorgeous pic just popped up in my memories from 1 yr ago 
En route to the 
I'm so happy everyone loves it as much as I do 
You guys are the best!!! Posting a snapfam giveaway tonight 
We adore seeing happy clients sharing their IMAGE skincare regimes and amazing results 
Love your mamma? We do too 
Acoustic version of "Somewhere In Texas" by 
Brisbane - Sydney now!
I bloody 
RT & follow 2 
my plan
Thank you so much for today we had a blast 
Have a fab weekend everyone.  A well deserved day of rest for us tomorrow, after a very busy week 
BOOOOOM!!! WE'VE ONLY 2 PLACES LEFT ON OUR VALENTINES COOKERY NIGHT 14.2.18....WHAT A LOVELY PRESSIE THIS WOULD BE FOR YOUR BELOVED 
Our hearts cannot take the adorableness. 
Home is where the 
Happy 10th year anniversary 
Visiting Durham this weekend?Pick up a jar of local piccalilli 
We've been out and about early today delivering to 
Nice launch tonight. Thanks 
Thank you to all the 136 people who have left an amazon review for The Sewing Machine. It makes a huge difference to the visibility of the book. You are all splendid 
Book Outlet is selling The Official Mortal Instruments coloring book for just $6.39 right now!
Thank you, 
Looking forward to hearing what 
This wee print by William Albert Allard arrived today and I can't tell you how happy it makes me. Shot in the Pyrenees mountains, their ma has just shouted on them to come home for dinner. 
Love this artist abrahammccowan 
Forever home needed for beautiful Chile 
Finally have a bit of news to share! 
Am headed out of town tomorrow and am going to spend the rest of the year on a little bit of a twitter break. Here's to a million good things in 2018. 
Our Red Velvet Pancake mix available now on Amazon prime
 = FOREVER
Red Velvet Chocolate Chip Cookie 
Stock up for holiday breakfast with the family
 as 
Beautiful Namibia 
Date night with the Mrs. 
So proud of you! Each one of them has so much to contribute! 
As our final performance approaches we'd like to say THANK YOU to our dazzling audiences this year. We could not have done it without you 
Just been to watch 
’d watching 
You guys, Marcie is my new BFF, don't be too jelly. ( She's also even more wonderful than you even imagined 
 is hiring - if you'd 
Think this review sums up our beautiful 
Who's going to a 
 we did it! Diolch, pawb 
Ah the best proposal! Congratulations to the nicest couple @GemCarro 
 Meet Dancer! 
The Librarian Action Figure is an homage to those warriors of the printed (and electronic) word. Based on Seattle librarian Nancy Pearl, it has a removable cape that symbolizes how much of a hero a librarian really is.
WE did this 
Cant wait for the Belfast gig to see all those amazing fans again it's been too long! 
Would like to say a big thank you to my momma 
It’s these moments that make 
 heres to your mum! x RT 
Cheers Denise 
What an amazing review! Thanks 
Hope you had fun girls x RT 
These turkeys are ready for Thanksgiving break! And so is their teacher 
Fun fact: Children CAN learn these valuable life skills in school by your friendly, local School Counselor 
 that 
So many questions and wonders reading After the Fall by 
Still buzzing with excitement following the fabulous 
My mum created me the most amazing bedroom, before I head to LA she said she wanted me to have the best room! Love you mum
Tough game today. Recover and we go again next week... Thanks Jack Army, for the support as always! 
As December approaches, I am thinking back to the past year and can honestly say it has been the best all thanks to the amazing 
 I will be back next year 
Proud of my boys 
LOVE!! 
We rise by lifting others .. 
Just home from what was THE  most incredible  gig with 
Move over 
What an amazing gig 
How sweet are these kids backpacks! Which is your fav? RT for 
RT & follow to 
What a time we had, and for a great cause too! Thanks everyone for your support!! 
Great night last night at 
Summervibes 
Congrats freddy le spongee 
 'I'm Coming To Take You To Lunch' by 
Have you got your limited edition 
Forever a Seminole I love y’all 
I hope this helps someone dealing with anxiety/depression or thinking of treatment. This is my story, please do seek professional assistance if you need to. 
I hope your today is a wonderful one 
Spanks 
10million Spotify Streams of "On My Way" already! Y'all Insane!!!!! Thx for the 
"SLOW MOTION" is out now 
The Phunktion is Tonight! 
Today at Macri Park we'll celebrate Jake MacMillan's Bday and carry to close out the Turkey Day weekend! 
Positive Energy ---> Positive Energy -----> Positive Energy ---> Positive Energy ----->Positive Energy ---> 
Today is the 1 year Anniversary of Dad passing! RIP Big Will! Love you Dad! 
Cute Night for a Ki! 
Wishing my beautiful daughter Sharon 'Shay' Marley
A Most Fabulous Earthstrong
Your smile makes me smile
You are sunshine & a shining star
Thanks for being an amazing daughter, mother, sister & aunt!
Jah bless & protect you always
We Love you Shay! 
Follow and retweet for a chance to win one of our Vintage Red Britstitch bags. Winner to be announced tomorrow
Tracyleanne you were the real trailblazer not Kevin. First traveller (and a woman) on X Factor- you’re an inspiration to all women- if I ever get married I want to book you for my wedding singer ( but you’ll probably be a huge star by then 
I love it! 
London Love 
How much "time" do you want... For your progress??? The time is NOW. 
The GIA WARNER BAND 
Super stoked to be an ambassador for 
Love both of you!!!
Happy December from Mr. & Mrs. Elf, our little mini Santa babies, and our fur elves! :) 
NEW IN 
SHOUT-OUT to the incomparable Andrea Romano for no particular reason other than believing I was the unhinged lunatic they were looking for & giving me a whole new second career! 
Emergency Medicine is the job most prospective medical students imagine they’ll be doing 
Don’t forget it’s non uniform day tomorrow for everyone! A donation of £1 is asked to raise money for the year 10s charity SADS UK 
Have you seen 'Leila' the Musical yet? 
What are you waiting for? Come catch us on Thursday, Friday and Saturday from 8pm at MUST Opera House, with a special matinee performance on Friday at 4pm. 
Get your tickets from 
You ever wonder what a genius does when they get bored plowing fields? Matt is a different species I swear. ITS LITERALLY FLAWLESS. Go state
This 19th-century home is one of a kind. (And we 
Ready to watch my Jayhawks go crazy against Kentucky 
 and Chef Geoff 
Who needs a FOLLOW
RT for a follow or DM
WERE MOVING TO VEGAS 100% 
Thanks Ma 
Sebastian Pedersen just added support for importing glock into dep! 
Goooaaalllllssssss !! Marawa the Amazing attempts another World Record today! HAPPY Guinness World Records DAY !! 
Hey everybody,
So 
Love these little and big ones! 
Love being home on a gorgeous S.C. day! My heart is happy after spending time with these sweet girls! Fun times! 
 are you guys officially in? ;) 
Can't wait! 
Filmed my new music video for 
My love only grows 
denver yall really made us feel good tonight 
Thank you Seattle friends 

Photos are now up from last week's special edition of Sup Fu? Saturdays w/ Real Love Vancouver 
The final moments of an absolutely mind blowing tour with 
Call for Speakers for 
 the ultimate wishlist!
BIG thank you 
What I 
At Melina's Grill we are celebrating our first Anniversary and we would like to thank our Community and loyal customers for your support!!!
We've got a great lineup at the 
We love seeing all of the moments and memories that are created at 
# I
Getting into the Christmas spirit... with another 
'SNOW' much fun!! Staff and students took time to enjoy the warmer(ish) temperatures with a little fun in the snow at the Dawson Creek Campus of Northern Lights College.  # I
Another I
Happy birthday to the funniest girl I know 
For their very first 
My mom says thanks for hosting a wonderful event 
 dropping truth about disrespect for users. 
This amazing 100 years of activism issue from 
My parents have made so many sacrifices for us and I truly appreciate them for that 
Nice when Amazon loves your book. Even nicer when your agent loves you.
You know we Queens live for 
Hanging with my girl 
DMV! Come support Comfort Cases tomorrow night at 
Saying thank you to the good guys! 
The greatest video I've ever choreographed. 
Thank you to Emily and 
Never forget 
Let's do it. 
Lil Spikers registration is LIVE! Sign up before it sells out. Become a Buckeye today 
Bucks supporting Bucks 
well done Gatorade 
Me too...special memories!! 
Wow two Shawnee Heights grads!! So proud!!
So thankful for all he taught us. There was no man more loyal. RIP Gordy. The girls will continue to make you proud. 
 Watch Party Celebrating 
Our very 1st Ride for a Child, Victoria! This warrior princess has bravely battled brain cancer for 11 years, and has benefited from research Pedal the Cause funded at 
Bundle up with holiday cheer and WashU pride! Check out our winter lookbook of WashU styles that will keep you cozy this winter. 
So excited and blessed to announce that I have committed to play volleyball at the University of Nebraska
Made a “Wall of Champions” in my office from the photos I took this year 
Even if I'm not online as much right now I still see everything. Kim stans vs Khloé stans beefing?? Why? We are sisters, Kim and I are each other's biggest fan! Stop bullying one another! ANY sister love is love! Kim and I are honored to be supported by one let alone many 
I feel honored to be around such an amazing group of women every day 
Omg. So beautiful. 
Awwwww!!! There must be!! Tell them I said hello 
 is out NOW ahhh go cop it
GUYS MY BFF COMMITTED!!!! SO HAPPY AND EXCITED FOR HER 
Spending the past 6 years with my best friends has been nothing but laughs, memories, and good times 
Roomie appreciation post because mine is in the hospital rn. I love you Kels!!
Thanks Kami jo 
Thanks Allie!! 
So excited to announce that I have committed to play soccer at William Jewell!! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY COURT ILY!!!
 HBD to you gorgeous! I hope your day is just as wild and fun as you are 
Hbd court
Pastaria Nashville is up for Best Import! If you have a minute show us 
...who knew?! 
 RT & follow 2 
Wishing a very happy birthday to someone truly vital to our charity--our incredible aromatherapy massage therapist, Amanda Tibbels! Your warmth & kindness are second only to your comforting, gentle hands in making a difference to so many 
Thank you to Jill, who shared these beautiful photos with us and wrote, “Thanks so much for making both my children smile during a very difficult week 
In memory of our brave, sweet friend Ollie 
Thank you to our fab friends the Whiteknights Ensemble for putting on a brilliant concert in aid of RRF on Saturday! Your hard work & passion for our charity truly mean so much, and we are very grateful 
Last pics of my day...top quality food and picturesque views 
Red Alert 
I love my mother 
Happy bday ma.. miss you 
Never Say Die Volume 5 is SO FUCKING GOOD. Jesus Christ. 
Happy bday my brother from another 
The fact that people travel from different countries/states to see us perform is insane!

So much love to everyone supporting us and making our dream a reality 
Here's our last song from the Diamond Tape... Thank you for all the support 
Body lotion with Organic and Natural ingredient for my skin
Out at Beeston Xmas lights switch on with 
Looking forward to London's magical Christmas lights 
Rocking & rolling at 
Proudly supporting 
My dad had myeloma so I decided to register with DKMS 2 years ago after he sadly passed away aged 66, it’s something close to my heart already and id love to help 
I’m so happy to live in a world where advertising can be so enjoyable to experince. Re Podcast DTR, well done 
She's allowed to spaz out like a complete psychopath for 45 mins because then for two hours she is like this 
J's bouquet by @gardenpartyflowers - the most perfect detail shot by @danaealiphotography 
One considers oneself very, very lucky if life should lead into the viewfinder of 
December 1st - it's here! And soon, Christmas. 
You were fabulous in Leeds! So lovely to meet you and the Vandellas! 
 We were at the show in Salisbury last night and you, Lois, Delphine and the band absolutely rocked it!  Fabulous night, thank you for your top class entertainment! 
She’s perfect 
Amazing news from Paris, thank you all our lovely guests 
Day of the Dead bespoke Childs headband - 
Yay! It arrived! Now I can listen on vinyl while I edit. Thanks for the beautiful music 
It's the first day of the festive period! How will you focus on kindness this holiday season? We'd love to hear  
A rallying call from 
Some students are showing their support to 
Oh. Feels. Lots of feels.

I’m not a royalist, but the way Liz looks at her grandson here 
Rage time with 
NJ! we're getting the night started! Thanks for writing this one for us 
When Harry met Meghan...as the couple get engaged, here's the story of how the royal romance began. 
We always see a show 
We Songsters 
This is how it feels to be city
Having fun, LIVING not existing thanks to SDS. Check out my gorgeous boy
"These barriers to entry are illusory."

Lina Iris Viktor 
 average 1503 over 10 matches. Amazing 
Love this interview. Thank you 
"Continue to inspire. You are incredible! I love you. 
Amazing talk today by ACN to S5 , Truely empowering 
Girls, why not treat yourself to a relaxing massage this December? We have the girls from massage & glow coming to 
Love the Ermana renew gift set from 
 
 If anyone would like to donate to give Taylor the fabulous send off he deserves, this is the link. RIP brave soldier.. heaven has gained another angel.. look after Evan 
This. Trying to help a friend. Stay strong 
I love that you love 
Today marks 50 years since the world’s first ever human heart transplant. What better way to mark this milestone by joining the organ donation register 
This is so lovely 
In collaboration with 
What is a 
Baby luke 
Already excited at the thought of showing off my Christmas 
A very special Thank You to the staff & pupils at 
How did I miss that Antonio Carluccio has died? One of my food heroes. So many glorious recipes and cook books, so many hours of delightful foodie TV. 
They said I Dhu...
Today’s beautiful bride... 
Join us and change your twitter profile to this image for the weekend to show that we all have 
Thank you Holland for a great night.. you were amazing 
Skyped your pet or taken them on date night? We’re celebrating things only pet parents understand. It's not loopy, it's love. 
Making your cat their favourite 
So excited to open my 
Tour rehearsals today for 1st gig tomorrow! Here's our new friend Ruby the reindeer 
3 gigs in Italy in January 
Wowowowow London we cannot thank you enough for the love you showed us tonight!! 
Lots to like about tonight's view after a momentous day 
Please retweet and help us win £2000 from 
My book is offically released today
Annual leave booked so that I can go 
 has chosen it's under 15 girls football squad after their trial last night 
Good session tonight for our girls who worked hard on their passing and body positioning. Been a great term! Proud of ya’s! 
So excited to be traveling with my faves & my 
Replaying 
Happy Thanksgiving to all our 
Well! What a day! I met one of my heroes today: 
Though I truly do not like flying, I’m grateful to be able to travel to London on what surely must be the lightest flying day of the year. Send good travel vibes! And Happy T-Day to all! 
LOVED working on 
If you missed Neneh's story on 
Wow. Neneh Bojang you are incredible.
Passionate about women’s leadership & women’s rights? Want to put your skills in governance, operations, resource mobilization & communications to work for a dynamic global organization? Apply for 
And if you still say that you don't love me back... don't worry, it's ok! I am patient... I will wait, because I have MORE TIME THEN LIFE. 
 this idea! 
So happy you all enjoyed the show tonight!! Loved chatting to 
Awww this means the world!! Don’t wanna let the northern troops down 
 HAS JUST BROUGHT A MOONCUP PROP FOR HER SPEECH ON 
This Sunday my friend 
 “the flavour is not ‘Peruvian’, its ‘Chililique’, it’s distinctive, free and honest, expressing the nature of the beans genetics and terroir”
The last Lost Weekend - this was the best weekend 
Happy Anniversary Adele! We loved celebrating your special day with you 
thank you for all your support! its very much appreciated ! 
Your continued support is much appreciated ! 
A pleasure to have 
Our residents have started their sculpting course in our community cafe today ! fantastic work so far guys! 
Choir all set for the big wedding 
what a lovely thank you from one of the clients we have supported 
Fucking love this! 
 So beautiful 
Lani and Louzel 
We will miss you 
Thank you mom 
Wow!! So special that the judges 
Tannie Lani is such a cutie 
Thanks Brent 
First gig for 
Please check out my debut special, 
Here we go guys...she's back! Cant wait to return to 
Ooh I love this! You can sleep on the sofa AND keep on fighting 
Perfect light for selfies 
This Is beautiful. Characters from the good old days In London. 
This is amazing. A must read. Much love and respect to you and your family 
My faves 
AmourGideon! 
Never been anyone's 
Warning...today my timeline will be full of Tweets if HOPE & recovery 
Our amazing 2017 Official Jury! 
The proof of Advanced Practice is in the patient - share your patient feedback in the comments: 
Ah thanks was lovely to be able to host the get together 

Have you voted for us yet?
Please take 2 minutes to help us grow 
Thankful for you 
This 'Stranger Things​' star is visiting fans who share his rare birth defect 
Last day/chance to get your copy with a good discount! 
So glad to read that our favorite game has had such a positive impact! Thank you for sharing 
Coffee and corrections. 

Agreed. We 
 Thank you for watching with us!! That’s it for 2017!! The journey continues after the holidays. 
Someone posted this on Facebook 
Amazing how each character&story on a TV show can touch ur 
Such an important life skill to have, congratulations!! Wish this training was available when  I was a WGHS student 
Hi. World. Listen, if someone calls and asks if your establishment is wheelchair accessible, it means no steps. Not "it's only one," not "we can lift your chair," not a flight of steps. None. Zero. I don't want to have this talk with you again. 
Woot! Managing Director's WeCare Special Award - just amazing. So ridiculously proud of the whole paediatric team at Whipps - very grateful to be a part of it
Welcome to Fiona, the newest member of Acorns family - we're lucky to have her ! 
Amazing how such a simple idea can have such a powerful and far-reaching effect 
Sending the love back!
Hello lovely Londoners
Come and get an I 
Students: We need a few of you to check our new login is working. Can you try it here?  
Depends where you international jet setter is! 10.00 GMT xxx 
*summer throw back* This is just the most beautiful customer poppy patch 
In a time of buying fewer things & more experiences, we say make your choices count & buy things that will enhance your everyday experiences. It's part of our ethos & lots of other indie shops we know. Thanks to our customers who do.  Happy 
Two utterly fantastic British premieres at 
Couldn’t be happier with Ctrl performance c/o 
Flashback Friday! It’s almost that amazing time of year again and we all do our Christmas shopping on Black Friday right?! I’m going to have a special surprise on my merch store ONE WEEK from today… so stay tuned 
 On repeat today 
An image of 
I declare myself a fan 
  saving grace in the race but it's her pace she's going to win 
we've been dealing with so many natural disasters. don't get fatigued. let's spread the love. 
40th 
 HAPPY BRITDAY 
Thanks for the good times Paris and Berlin, I'm still smiling 
Let's hope and pray babygirl
I really do love 
We've got this amazing tune stuck on repeat 
If you want to buy something that makes you feel less guilty support local musicians/artists. 
Shout out and love to 
Amazing to see this! 
A spanner or a bone? We'll leave it to your imagination while this get devoured 
Sunday Funday indeed 
Mid week hump? Mid week date night? That will cover just fine 
Happiness is when you love what you do. 
Get your limited edition colour vinyl Pre-Order at 
Tonight? Blue Balls Night, Kaufleuten Lounge, Zurich, Switzerland; Stage: 10:20pm-11:20pm. Come oooon doooowwn 
Play in' Bebop Festival today in Le Mans, France. Stage: "Area (Chapiteau)" Do you have a ticket? Then come ooon doooown 
The only vegetables I eat are TECHNICOLOUR BEETS 
sacred_ground_festival 
In the spirit of giving, I’m sending you my Remix of Marshmello and Khalid’s Silence. It will never be online. This is strictly for you guys
In case I’m coming to a city near you in the next month 
Happy Thanksgiving from the Badass family! Thankful for all the memories we have made this year and for your ongoing support! 
WE ARE COMING BACK TO LIVE AT LEEDS 2018!!!!! 
Selling merch for cheaaaap right now on our website!! Prob the last time we will stock these designs 
Last night Breed saved my life 
Tonight

tomorrow we're out with 
 your voice literally hypnotizes me, keep up with the work. 
NYC I love you 
I'm so glad I can finally share this with you guys, here's my#OmensMixtape, I hope you enjoy it! 
I can honestly say that 
Freshman year of high school homecoming vs freshman year of college at Venu!! transformation and glo up 
Yo! Check out my recent interview with the massive 
Japanese are definitely one of the kindest and humble people in the world. Had amazing shows in Tokyo and Osaka, met so many fans and probably set a world record of taking selfies with them. Can't wait to be back. Arigatou 
Japan has been nothing but joy! Last night in Tokyo was another level, looking forward to my show tonight in Osaka! Amazing fans, actually one of the best fans in the world! I will definitely come back here, no doubt 
Arigatou Tokyo for an amazing show last night! Such a warm welcome 
On my way to Japan 
1 year 
Uber 
Baby Bruce with my idol Bruce Lee 
4am at 4am, life complete 
Queen 
 It was a huge honor for me do a cover of a track that changed my life... 
I love my job 
So much love for all of you supporting the EP! 
So much support on the Cellphone EP! Thanks to all the DJ’s for the support 
Can't believe that the one and only Quintino is taking care of the Spinnin' Sessions Guestmix coming Thursday 
Spinnin' Sessions is coming to China! Come party with us at Electric Jungle Music Festival December 9th 
Our ADE 2017 was just perfect! Check out the official Spinnin' Records ADE 2017 aftermovie to relive it all again 
This is what a nation that yearns for independence looks and sounds like. Absolutely mind blowing, Catalunya. 
The Snuts coming to Aberdeen, oh boyyyy 
The talented Groj releases a live in-studio performance of ‘Lightyears" from his latest Flora EP. Enjoy 
Good times 
Home is where the Studio is 
Seen 
This Saturday 
FKAG seattle/pdx last month was so amazing and full of friends, music, art

LA kids, fkag on-sale & announce is at 11am today w/ a new lineup. 
tix start at $5. let’s get it.

Dec 16 at 
Still in love with the 
Popped a quick message to a friend to see if she was free for drinks and ended up spending the eve at the 
We're in love 
This has to be my favourite as this is what the evening was about remembering Nick and all those who sadly lost their lives in such an unnecessary way 
Was an absolutely amazing night so glad to be a part of it 
happy birthday to the best agent ever! 
Well-written Danish article by 
100.000 in 1 week. What is life. THANK YOU!!!!! 
 brought to you today by the unbelievably good 
I choose love 
Happy hump day with Flatbug 
 Paris, the city to stroll around in a constant state of awe. Rediscover the magic of butter, sugar and the kind of warm, flaky bread that will leave you forever changed 
LOVE SAVING 
You are so very welcome 
Once again 
It's Game Day 
Someone asked me last night what my main screen on my 
Now that's my kind of bookcase... Loving Korean artist Airan Kang's "Digital Book Project" at MCA, Sydney 
It's love 
Vienna on the rise! 
Eee! Thanks to 
my best friends bae is giving birth and i got the call for the warm up soundtrack 
 Wes-Kaap 
Toronto!!!! Thank you for the amazing SOLD OUT show tonight at 
Detroit last night was so fun!! 

Tonight we are in Toronto at the Opera House with 
Tonight was wild!! Thanks to everyone of you who came out to party with us in Detroit tonight! We love you! 
Our fans are the best!! 
Thank you!! That means everything to us!!
I love uuuuuuu mam 
Thank you my freeeend
had lunch w/ a mentor who strongly cautioned against the culture of one-ups-manship in writing & academia. generously read your comrades work, he said. tell them 'good job' when do one, & remember we're not in competition w/ each other if we're all trying to get free. 
 you so beautiful
My father is 40yrs sober today......alcoholism can be beaten....We are so proud of him as a family
Happy first anniversary to mrs and mrs Reddy Makue 
.. tbh I’m just happy that people listen at all!.. comparisons and chasing attention will drive you crazyyy! Shoutout to everyone that’s given my music the time of day
Meet Dilla. Latest addition to the misch family 
The reactions, celebrations, emotions coming from the news that Robert Mugabe has resigned. Wow man!
My first ever music video is out now for my single Fall Asleep!!! Big up to 
Feeling so grateful for this little heart that already beats inside me right next to mine. And for all the hearts that have gathered around me in support during such a tender time 
This was pure pleasure 
Congratulations to my favorite musical couple & talented jazz group 
Throwback to an exclusive wedding! Congratulations to Neil & Lorraine 
Happy 12th Anniversary to our Financial Controller Finbarr - We 
Dine in 
Our beautiful Wedding couple of Saturday last 
What the f. 
RIP Tom Petty
This is one of my favourite songs of all time. 
with The Golden Age of Steam in the studio 
2/2 ... I’ve had 72 hours worth of reminders & more importantly evidence that a Consistent commitment to change means a culture for change will come. We back; we believe it; we live it, & most importantly we are committed to delivering it for the Care experience population 
Care experienced young people NEED a LIFETIME of EQUALITY, RESPECT and LOVE
Could everyone share this. We made a video for our strategic launch with other staff members. We want this to get a large reach. MUCH love
Mothercare Black Friday offers on Fashion 
It’s our honor 
Live performances from 
Hello December, surprise me 
i’m at intermission for 
Ending my week 1 in Québec feeling infinite love for 
Benji and Blue LOVE their doggie Christmas calendars 
Its world Aids day on Friday. Today i visited 
I LOVE CHRISTMAS 
Can't believe we've created this kroybiermann all these little humans 
Happy Birthday to my 7th son 
I swear by this and it's now available to you!!!!! 
We love you 
Check out my blog about Sunday's episode of RHOA 
Ah, 
My niece, Channing! 
Love these 2!! Congrats guys!!! 
COVERGIRLS! 
The dreamy 
 will be the recipient of the ROBERT ALTMAN AWARD (Director & Ensemble Cast) during the 2018 
Thank you for being the best 
A guide to a healthy mind. 
These stages will make you question if you can send them back where they came from!Don't respond to them in frustration practice patience!
No matter how the cookies have crumbled without them there would be no us. 
A good swaddle and a pacifier are key for catching the sandman 
Parenting is 24/7 365. However, the benefits of unconditional 
The message speaks for itself! Tough Love
A lot of parents say I don't know what the hell I'm doing! That's Ok...Trust your gut not the fear!You got this! 
This Nanny Connie approved read by 
2 1/2 to 3 is a great window for potty 
And it's lit! Thanks to everyone who came out to our 
[ Evening ] 
[ Beauty ] 
[ Good Morning ] 
: We’re SO thankful to all the 
*Everyone in the office right now*

THANK YOU to all those that donated to 
The support 
THANK YOU for an incredible 
There's still 20 minutes left to 
 the_vampire_vapess The Vaper Rooms own 
 the_vampire_vapess Nice
Late morning hand check
Wishing you all a peaceful and positive Thursday 
Have a wonderful winters Wednesday everyone 
Afternoon handcheck 
Wishing you all an amazing and wonderful Tuesday 
All RED everything! 
Thank you for the DM pep-talk 
this song is so special to me. i made it with someone i love for the people we love. enjoy guys :) Him & I out now 
My girl Rap-Unzel killing it per usual 
Blossoming Belles 
And Thank you to all residents 
The lights have been turned ON by The Mayor of Kingston 
Meet Shirley. One great volunteer who has taken the red cross training to be able to give the residents 
Vote Love 
Some pictures of 
Our deepest thanks to everyone who made our We're Queer Here party happen – our brilliant performers, Auslan interpreters, behind the scenes crew, and audience. Huge queer love from the Peril team to you 
Best fan gift - Alpaca socks!! Feet are toasty toasty ! Thank you 
Take me back to Greece please. All in blue with my 
Very excited to have 
Compliment of the week time 
And from the same issue, this line from 
Selena revealed her new 
What a wonderful way to appreciate! 
Happy birthday barts 
Sunday beautiful Sunday 
Brilliant job today 
We celebrated 
In the future...I want to be come a Dilys 
Yaaaaay Touch Trust have been recognised! 
This is the incredible story of 
Congratulations to Pure Ambassadors Kevin Mcnab and Emma Dougall on their wedding. 
 tonight!! Who do you want to win? Nicole Scherzinger is rocking the 
This Christmas, YOU can make a difference to the lives of people in NI living with chest, heart or stroke conditions...
Applesecco going well in the TIC 
Look what just came in! 
Gone but never forgotten Miss you both my Bros forever in my heart until one day we meet again 
Well this is lovely 
Today’s desk. Just another day at 
It's Friday, I'm in love...

Who else 
Nothing beats witnessing your friends being so gorgeously happy ... 

This is pretty incredible ... thanks to everyone who braved the cold and came to support us. 
This team though 
This picture sums up everything!! 2 games and 6 points, couldn’t be any happier to finish this year top of our group. So much love for these girls 
Ready to see what Students 
Love that grade 2s were inspired by the puzzle centre 
: thank you to Mme's McBride's friend, John, who volunteered to re-weld our broken table 
After reading about Becca’s inspiring story 
Walking our younger friends to the bus everyday 
 URGENT NEWS on Rosie lot in Hackney area!! could you please share this linked tweet with your followers 
Loving this learning of Restorative Practices 
Today I lost a very dear friend... a loyal one. Many times Cookie has fallen asleep in my arms but today was his last, I love you Cookie 
Tomorrow’s video I’ll explain everything... thanks for all the 
My life went into hyperspace 3 years ago you all put me to the top and I thank you for that 
Lol everyone selling fake sorry bro merch... no thanks! Only official stuff is inside venue... 
BIRTHDAY FOLLOW SPREE! Go 
I got the memo, my jobs to make you smile 
Follow spree!!!!! Hit the 
Can't believe I won the Olympic gymnast of the year award! Thankyou everyone for the support
 is trending! 
After a very busy couple of weeks we are very excited to share our news, we are finally homeowners and we’re moving into our dream house 
Ahhhh Prince Harry & Meghan Markle are engaged! 
Her achievements blow me away 
Friendship Friday with this babe 
"At the end of the day...It is about who you've lifted up, and who you've made 
Huge thanks to everyone at 
Heeeeey Chicago!!! 
 on the way to London! looking forward to an amazing trip with 
ICYMI I now have a Patreon account to raise funds for my surgery 
Felt so good to step out on stage and pitch an idea to the whole Art Faculty family! 
Lads night out 
Just had an idea! Wouldn't it be awesome to have a Valentines Ball at college?!! 
LOVE THIS! Thankyou! 
In the midst of reading Falling For Him by 
It will be a miracle if I win 
 Thank you
Surround yourself with inspiring and brilliant people, I was taught. Proof I was a good pupil. Rotterdam with 
More photos from today’s 
Thank you so much for yet again another amazing opportunity to perform with my family! I had a great day( even if it was busy ) and I can’t wait to be back for all things Christmassy ! 
Thank you fabulous teachers and students. A wonderful showcase of the talent of your students, what you have taught them and indeed rather special to see 
Keep an eye out for these downstairs in the Union today. Donate just 50p to get your red ribbon
My final 7 weeks at the beloved Diner have begun! I’m ending a couple of days earlier on Jan 9th to headline 
Sharing another beautiful 
My son ran into my room at 7:15 AM yelling that it was snowing.  He was so excited and I will admit, I was too.  I 
That's a wrap! THANK YOU to everyone who donated, shared, & liked our 
Our bin for 
One of the absolute best political interviews I've ever read with 
In reply to some msgs asking if I’ve left 
I hope you enjoy Hearsay30 as much as I did making it for you all. 
I am as excited about this album as I was first time round 30 years ago.


Today we have gone back to Watford for our homecoming and we have been so overwhelmed by this experience! Just love and positive vibes! Thank you so much Watford for all your support! 
I CANNOT stop thinking about our Christmas Market. I am so overwhelmed by how many of you came from so far away and queued for 90 minuets to get in. That queue did not go down all day. You’re gorgeous. It makes me want to cry happy, overtired, over emotional, grateful tears 
Disappointing night but we’ll fight together till the end!!
Richard Petty's 1967 season was incredible. What's more impressive?

RT - 27 wins

First up 
Work we 
I’m raising $600 for 
Watched the rest of Stranger Things 2 with my love on this rainy day 
Retweeting myself to add that if you're not a BBC peeps, this is how you can take part if you'd like to.   
Back home and go in and give sleeping kids a kiss.. son stirs... ‘look Mummy my tooth has fallen out.. love you’ and goes back to sleep 
Drive home time... school run in the AM ! .... always make sure if I can be back I am... 
Regardless of what happens with sanctions today, there are a few things of which I’m certain: Rebels will no longer have to listen to Rosebowl perseverate about the potential coming penalties; the Egg Bowl Trophy is home in Oxford; and Ole Miss is still The Flagship. 
We'll cheer the red and the white for this one. A touching story 
Team leads meet to discuss the student satisfaction survey and brainstorm strategies to communicate caring to students! 
This is young patient Alec and his wonderful nurse Chrissie. She’s been nursing these little kids for 34 years at 
Ready for new learning!! 
Parents and teachers working together@JOWilsonDC 
Another successful Friendsgiving by 
-ing this little number from 
Feeding the world at 
We're moving in! Thanks for the warm welcome, 
 Love that young man! His mum is pretty darn good too. 
different than a ribbon cutting - today I left a tag to open the youth space in the East Frame in Chch 
Thank you for what you are doing for our Christchurch children 
My brother really is the greatest photographer. I love this photo of Robert from years ago with one of his first cameras and now with his extraordinary Canon setup. He amazes me every day and today is his birthday!!! 
Tomorrow we celebrate my amazing brother’s 14th birthday. I’ll be sharing some of my favourite memories of Robert over the years. Stay tuned for some very special 
My brother’s birthday is tomorrow!!! Robert has made us laugh and smile every day since he was tiny. I love this photo of him wrapped up in one of his favourite blankets. Too cute!! I’ll be sharing all of my favourite photos of Robert to celebrate his 14th birthday. 
The Pink Caravan and our wonderful nurses are at the NZ Flower and Garden Show from 10am to 3pm daily, from today through to this Sunday! Pop by and say hi. Get all the info: 
This baby squirrel got caught on a thorn and was dangling up high in a tree. Rescuers knew they had to save his life 
Thank you Dr Jane Goodall, see you in Sydney next week! 
The votes are in!  My Gr 2s 
ITS TIME 
It has finally happened! Families no longer have to apply to the Family Court of Australia for stage two treatment. It is COMPLETELY out of the courts. Congratulations to everyone who have fought for this. We’ve done it. Thank you for your hard work 
When you can't find a mate Ross is always there 
Six years ago I created a show called 
What a day for Zimbabwe!!! 
Sterling Stars spreading 
What an amazing 
Had this done for you today my darling boy 
Head over to Facebook and join this group. Fantastic items to be won, all in the name of 
I had to share this. It’s for you my baby boy. Love and miss you so much 
This is for a great cause. They helped us all so much through Dylans treatment. Let’s make his legacy live on 
Dylans celebration of life will be held at NFFC in the Robin Hood Suite from 3.30 till 7pm on Thurs 2nd Nov 
Dylan will be buzzing that he’s made it in the paper again 
Beyond blessed to say that I have verbally committed to play D1 volleyball at the College Of Charleston! Go Cougars 
Thank you!!
Yay Molly!
Officially a cougar!!!! So excited for the future 
Please consider donating to the Samaritan House Holiday Toy Drive. Donate a new, unwrapped toy and bring a smile to a child. Hillbarn Theatre is accepting donations now through December 17, 2017. Look for the donation bin located in our lobby. 

Book swap Thursday at MES! Ss trade out old books for new ones to enjoy 
Thx so much for the retweet!! 
this!!
Was great catch up with you guys. Welcome to 
Ross from friends > every other guy 
Heartfelt 
Happy Birthday bro, love you
 Repost with this hashtag and 
When 
This Mama melts with this photo. 
Happy birthday to my Queeeeeen! 
 performance! Man I feel like a woman! 
Keep tweeting and RTing 
Couldn’t ask for a better way to kick off my birthday 
Don’t miss your chance to hang out with me at the final 
Shorty 
Falling in love
couldn't ask for a better night
wow I am so proud of you 
So grateful for the blessings in my life-players, coaches, family and friends
Now that's how you get into the holiday spirt watching 
 is AMAZING!!
reunited with my jassy tonight! keep killin it jj 
Thank you for coming together this weekend for 
Placed 1st at the WBA Championships! Congrats to all the schools for putting on an amazing show. Can't wait to come back next year! 
PRESSURE DAY IN OHIO WITH 
Big up 
 my 
One of the many reasons I love my job is the fact that I have made friends with some incredible people. 
Shout out my main man 
HOODRICH VOL 3 OUT NOW ON ALL DOWNLOADABLE STREAMING SITES!!!

THANKYOU TO EVERYONE INVOLVED, WORDS CANT XPRESS 
The real ones connect 
Your sound is actually so vyby you know dd love it! Think Iv said this before but it literally makes me feel so chilled and relaxed, mad work ethic from you keep it up
I fucks with this 
My Grandmother is getting ready to pass and flights back home are super expensive, anything helps 
Watch 
Hey my team 
Love on Haight doing an amazing job getting supplies to 
"Absolutely love this foundation. It's so lightweight and gives full coverage. It is my new and only foundation I'll ever use! Love it 
Today is 
Thank you for the amazing opportunity, 
Thanks Van Truong and Tam Thai for dropping by the ‘Conversation Bites’ restaurant and helping us start more life-changing conversations. 
This is everything. I 
This is beautiful 
Every gift to the Fossey Fund saves a gorilla and changes a life. Share this post if you’ve already made a gift to protect gorillas on this 
Tamu's infant Ubudasa, whose name means “remarkable”, was born a little over a year ago. Ubudasa is one of the many remarkable gorillas who needs your support today. 
HEAVEN! Love and Adore uuuuu boo boo 
you are an inspiration
For the 
Giving thanks for so many things - including these two gems, who brought me into this world. Happy Thanksgiving from my family to yours 
Late post ... 
Late
 a day in my life @ 
Thank you for the DM pep-talk 
Moschino’s bold studded B-Pocket bag: the newest design from Moschino’s creative director 
Moschino by 
Today marks the 2nd anniversary I married the love of my life 
Well done sir. 
Brunch at 
My girl 
Sisters. 
We  
Love these 2!! Congrats guys!!! 
Awww
Sweet talker 
Our debut album proper: Colón Man out now on DDS 
This city curated my childhood memories. I took this last week from the tram with my kids, their own memories made. Godspeed 
New, very favourite photo. 
Time to spread the 
I'm one of the 
flying to bcn aka my 3rd home 2 play this private party 2moro

if any1 has a link 4 studio so I can do mixdowns hmu

around for 2weeks 
8 years ago we decided to throw a little party called Hipsters Don't Dance at 3 Blind Mice. We had no idea what we were doing or where it would lead to. Out to everyone who has been a part of our journey so far 
 with 
I would love to hear from you!! 
Elegance. Sophistication. Life. 
 is out now!
Stream the live album on 
Madonna is truly Living For Love! 
So in love with the decor at 
Keep ya eye out for this one. He’s a cool ass dude. Drop him a follow. 
Wow time has gone by so fast, so proud of you ky,congrats! 
“The soul is healed by being with children.” 
Silent Disco 
It’s Silent Disco day! Who is ready for a bit of headphone fun?! 
Silent Disco THIS Friday! We just can’t wait to get those headphones on! 
No matter the question, Love is the answer 
Oh my God what a God I serve 
Have a great last 2 shows  
Sooo excited about this!!!! Miley will be soooooo excited!!! 
Desert Hearts and 
We launched our SHOP! 


Carlos is the BEST 
Here goes 
Please text SING to 70144 and donate £3 
Please join us in supporting 
Helloooo Sheffield 
On the road to 
new important video. link in bio 
Well thank you Liverpool 
Here we go Liverpool 
Nathaniel’s story touched my heart & I feel so honored & moved to play a part in the journey of this incredible family. My son & I bonded over reading the book Wonder together, & were inspired to meet the real life strength & spirit of Nathaniel. Please tune in Friday 10/9c 
My heart is overwhelmed with so much love...Miss you all so much...It will all come together and will be reunited again!!..

Late Night Entertainers 
Mister "vixenBITS" Emote in the flesh! This was actually accidental but it's now the joke with 
Great Job Everyone! Saved A Lot of Crib Midgets 
I want to help people I’ve never met. I’ve written an exclusive online course 
Give back to the women who gave for our country
Let's support our Women 
New vid out now! Ft the best 
Huge thanks 2 
 In honor of 
Only 12 hours left to pledge! Join the revolution - choose love folks! 
Tickets & VIP packages are already moving fast! Join The 
Ss falling in love w/Katherine Applegate's books and characters! They 
Congrats guys! Couldn't happen to a better team! You guys know how to support and cultivate community & what better way than via WiFi! 
A wish for themselves.
A wish for someone else.
A wish for the world.

Today we made our own wishtree as 5HA finished Wishtree. 
Thrilled to see The Vanderbeekers in 
We fell in love with Crenshaw & Jackson. 
Chicago - Friday - 
“We Three Queens” music video feat. 
I LOVE IT! 
Toff and Stanley are actual goals 
Honestly the best picture i’ve seen all year 
Proud of these seniors man... the amount of time they’ve invested in this team is crazy. Left a legacy that’ll never be forgotten. Love y’all boys       
we won the B1G championship & I got a high-five from 
Our national chapter liaison and leader of the Yuba-Sutter sfts chapter Susie Cauchi sent this to us late last night! James Otto stands! 
Tonight was surreal: I had tears in my eyes, hugged strangers beside me, and looked up to thank God for that moment... one of many to come, my love 
Appreciate it
For every retweet on this post, 
Jump like a Jellyfish and help raise money & awareness this 
We can’t thank the Atlanta Gladiators enough for this, Ethan’s ice hockey family deliver another tearful moment. Enjoy things while you can life is short thank you again Atlanta Gladiators and the whole hockey family for getting behind 
OMG !!! This would totally blow Ethan away........what he has is a terminal illness and Captain America has become his role model where he get his fight from 
What a handsome little warrior he is 
Ronnie O'Sullivan: "I was watching the jungle [ITV show I'm a Celebrity] and thought... Wow, I need to have a go at that."

Tap 
I'm always so humbled to be in your presence 
Gentle giant 
Congratulations Kim to you and your family on your new arrival
Who is thinking holiday shopping already? Meeee! I LOVE my 
Japan, you were great. 
I have a good sense of humour and I laugh along when people call me milkers etc but that’s cause I know it’s not from a mean place. I guess intent makes the difference. 
This experience will live with me forever,i want to say a huge thankyou to every single person who has been behind us and got us this far!
So good to see my day 1 
Cannot wait to see you my friend 
Really enjoyed our dance 
Oi! Oi! For all you Gogglers asking 
Thank you for absolutely everything Ria! Wouldn’t be possible without you! 
How the hell did that happen!!! 
5 years today. Happy anniversary my darlings 
There are two chances to 
A Monday morning treat! 
Attention gamers! You can now show love to your favourite 
Awwwwww Shappi 
Could it be anymore like Christmas?

Crackling fire, Hot chocolates and family 
As we get ready to buy presents and spend money we don't have.... let's remember what Christmas period is about. FAMILY 
Love you 
 to win !
Back at the dentist 
An honour to attend and perform 
 Thanks Noor for this video. And thanks Arab Women of the Year Awards for having us tonight! A true honour 
Fantastic night 
 Loved your sound! You both have so much talent! Thanks for tonight 
Thankyou so much for making it the dopest BSTK ever. So overwhelmed by all the love. Now let's smash 2017 
 Humbling, moving and life-affirming: I’m volunteering with the UK Aids Memorial Quilt in Westminster Hall. More about the Quilt and its history: 
So many people being brought together by the love of nature and a willingness to keep it clean. 
Hello London. It's wet, windy and grey but I still got those butterflies just being here 
 is on fire again on 
Roots to grow, wings to fly!!!

Understand to Innerstand to higherstand to overstand to OVERCOME!


Cheers ally pally 
Big love my bro !!!! 
Pineapple looking all shiny and new after our face lift, including new windows in studios! Thanks to our members for being so patient while the works were carried out, and BIG thanks to the refurb crew for doing such a great job! 
Still hot online - 25% off all weekend! 
No code needed, 25% will disappear off your total at checkout! 
Being in Malaysia and seeing Christmas adverts!!! 
 Honestly though, we are so so honoured to have even performed next to all of the groups. We had the BEST time at every turn 
Couldn't be prouder dad today, Archie first game for 
Available on 
 One of the best friends you could be lucky enough to have 
Another amazing Charity GEM appeal xx thank you for having us 
Fantastic experience for our  ‘White Rose’ Makeup students, Huge thanks 
Cheers Denise 
Check out the Boogie Storm foot wear 
We loved visiting the children 
Girls, why not treat yourself to a relaxing massage this December? We have the girls from massage & glow coming to 
Cant wait for the Belfast gig to see all those amazing fans again it's been too long! 
 heres to your mum! x RT 
What an amazing review! Thanks 
Hope you had fun girls x RT 
The incredible 
Amazing!! One of my all-time fav Gospel videos. 
At my happiest with this boy by my side 
If you're trying to disguise Jetlag wear red from 
Happy Christmas to you all @lilianfaithful 
Fresh Roasted Hatch Chile Venetian Sandwiches from 
Hi Sue. Wishing you well 
Good morning to those of you who continue to inspire me
Today marks 50 years since the world’s first ever human heart transplant. What better way to mark this milestone by joining the organ donation register 
As ambassadors for 
Can't wait to have this view again at 
Also super thankful for recieving the MVP here in IEM Oakland! 


If you're still looking for tickets, grab yours here: 

So wish I was with u all 
I love you 
Lost against 
We are done with signing session, thank you for coming
For the ultimate family vacation picture, get doobed in 
Impromptu post work trip to London seeing the lovely 
100% supportive of 
Thank you Lesley, we do! So sorry about your loss Steven. Devastating. Thank you for taking time to highlight what mattered. 
Big message from women in this... they love it! 
Thanks for supporting us and sorry to dissapoint. We appreciate all the love 
The winner for the Gray Matter 12GA Pump Shotgun is 
It's a butterfly ruby GIVEAWAY! rules are s1mple: follow and retweet ,will announce the winner on 15July ,gl! All for you ,my 
I had a good year together with the boys! I Wish them all the best of luck in the upcoming season 
Read this article this morning and it’s been on my mind all day. Thank you for sharing 
That's my girl
 got red ribbon on my vest today at the Liverpool cross challenge cross country race in memory of Alex Holliday 
Thanks for all of the love on Higher 
It’s Here!!! Higher Feat 
SCENES! 
Two years ago at 
Love my brother 
 GIVEAWAY TIME 
"Helloooo husband." 
Time to open the first window of my fabulous 
What a night! Thank you Paul McCartney for the incredible performance.. and thank you Perth for the beautiful sing-alongs 
Successfully built one hand pumping water well in Pakistan for a small village! Now on to the next one! 
This would not have been possible without my amazing teammates and coaches. Thank you Courage family! 
Happy birthday to my brother 
Access to safe 
Got involved earlier this morning in one of the most beautiful places I’ve been to yet. Nairobi Kenya 
Wake Up! It’s Game Day!!! 
Being on the pomline is more than being on a college dance team, it’s a sisterhood. We are friends, forever. 
 make someone happy by giving them Lemonade--
To make it even more special, he knows how much 
My sister 
I can’t even begin to tell you how much this story warms my heart! 
When i came home from my last Lil jail bid, soon as i hopped off the sprinter some lil girl ran up to me cryin lol 
Aww love that it seems like it's authentic! 
new shoes the fireplace of my dreams and LOVE SWEET LOVE so fun celebrating 
It's Day 2 of our  
Our families had an incredible time at 
We are so happy to say that through online donations and community members who donated right at 
GS Lindsay Clontz '18 getting some 
It happening tonight 
'The Breaker' by 
Good lord... I'm in love with 
We woke up to the sun, and spent the afternoon beach hopping on our way to our next place. There is so much beauty here 
I woke up a husband! I have the most beautiful wife 
10 more days until I get to marry this incredible human 
Feeling like the fanciest disco ball ever in this sparkly number from 
Ready for another adventure with my partner in crime nick_s_g 
Happy December 1st everyone!!! Time to bring on ALL the little red party dresses 
This is pretty much what I’d like to wear all December long 
My best tips for hosting a girl night in holiday party! 
New Post! Sharing some pictures from one of my favorite holiday spots in the city 
Thanks for everything you do and for sharing the 
Such a great organization giving children opportunity 
 is out NOW ahhh go cop it
lets get it to #1 
BEST BIRTHDAY EVER 
Remembering Dick Clark, who we lost 5 years ago today.
A cultural & entertainment icon and true visionary. We miss you. 
This week, we give thanks for you - our incredible supporters both on and offstage. Whether you donate $1 or $35,000, you are our heroes. 
Leavin home with an extremely full heart 
Just saw a man give up his 1st class seat to a woman in crutches. Reminder that there is more good in the world than bad. HAPPY THXGIVING!
My best friend 
Reposting from 
 // Shop your screenshot of this pic with the LIKEtoKNOW.it app or here 
It is 9:30am and I am SOBBING. Happy Thanksgiving, Dear Evan Hansen. Happy Thanksgiving, Will Roland, Noah Galvin, and Kristolyn Lloyd on TV. 
gang's all here! 
Check out how 
Coming Jan 2018 on 
Leah Strong. 
The Bellas x The Voice Top 12 = one aca-awesome music video! 
We are grateful for you 
NY, NJ, VA, WA get out and VOTE today while you still can! 
I'm in tonight's new episode of 
After 21 hours of flying in the sky—Little Lucy and I at last—
Singapore—

Hi hello yes my name is Nic Hamilton and I would like to make a PSA.


If you haven’t seen movie 
I love that 
Happy December. 
How beautiful.
Last call for (free) signed photos 
Now that’s dedication! Good on you, Seamus! 
Liftoff!  
Finally 
Happy Thanksgiving! Grateful for so many things this year I don’t know where to begin. My family and friends know my list. For everyone else, thanks for all the support and love you’ve shown the show and the cast. I hope you have a great day with your families. Lottsa Love 
 channeled my inner El
Humbled. Thank you to all the people that have helped me along the way, I would not be here without any one of you. Friends. Family. Fans.
I mean...when you all get to see this...
 Personal 
Fucking love this guy 
LOVE YOU MY BROTHER 
BOOM 5 MILLION VIEWS!! THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT MY GS 
YESS Danica, Yess VA
I would say in the next week 
Vocal 
THAT PART 
When you Love what you do you never Work a day in Life  -
Mood  (
I love the 
Rehearsal with my crazy Trio 
We’re playing at this next weekend! Can’t wait! 
Happy birthday doll face 
Got a 
Munich
Tomorrow in Prague with my beauty and my love 
MEXICO love forever 
, cannot thank you more for your generosity. Love you all 
Paris, my love 
Hi everyone! 
Calling all volunteers! (and bananas): Fancy lending a hand on race day, 25th Feb? We'd 
Support the dreamers and makers this holiday season while you show your people (+ yourself!) some 
Final day 
I love this; it sums up my key driver for breathing each day 
I might be back in Berkshire but I bought a little bit of Lancashire back with me! Guess what I picked up when I stopped off for coffee on my drive home today 
Tap 
Taylor and I talk Queer sex and trans desire in this book by 
Love these women. 
Our debut album 'Strange Hymns' is out today 
Listen: 
On Nov.21st 2017 i proposed to my homie.lover.friend. Through thick and thin, ups&downs you stood by my side and I’m beyond grateful and thankful that. I could have not ask God for a better woman to build&spend the rest of my life with. GodisGood! It’s liit! Bless!! 
WHP Manchester was incredible last night. Good as it gets! Great to catch up with some old friends
Yeyyyyy so good to see 
Favourite DJ favourite club 
Next up 10.3.17 
Super excited to play with this New York legend!! Love is the message. 
Take the Last dance with us .. 
NYC 
Delighted to be providing Dj support for 
take me back to paris please!! very fond memories with 
Waiting for your love to happen, its like waiting for a drug that never kicks in  
Our people make us proud! And we 
FEVER RAAAAAY
Girl Zone=Comfort Zone 
So awful about Las Vegas. My thoughts & heart are with everyone there, with all the victims & their families 
Absolute filth 
Set times for 
frankly, the best hair in music 
Tonight I got paid to play Spagna, Bucks Fizz, Sabrina, Irene Cara, Five Star, Limahl. Thank you 
(N.b. - we get the donations even though we’re not expecting to hit our stretch target - the book donations, however, should take us to target 
So excited to be performing as part of the 
Can’t wait 
Thank you lovely 
Christmas jumper day !!! 
Fall in love with 
Can't stop thinking about this amazing place and it's amazing people 
Just came off the same stage as this legend. 

Thank you my brother 
The other night 
Just got my Mello moving sweatshirt a welcome to mello gang shirt and a beanie I can’t wait ilysm marshmello 
 this so much - tears in my eyes! It's adorable.  If you haven't seen it yet 
We’re delighted to announce Sunshine On Leith as our Spring 2018 musical 
Every month this year, my husband has taken our daughter out on “dates”. He brings her home flowers, helps her pick out a dress, and takes her out to split a dessert with him. It’s become a tradition. 
At Keighley this morning linking in with the ladies at Roshni Ghar, lovely welcome

Repost from 
My bro 
We are the biggest and the most powerful army in the world. Nothing can stop us, just share and help 
 Your brand has made me appreciate music and people more
My old student radio station 
Nuff respect brother I truly do appreciate your support 
20 goals in the CL
20 goals for 
So proud of my boo 
Can’t believe my best friend is back so soon 
so incredibly thankful for everyone who made last night so special 
Still time to double your donation to 
No idea but find someone in life that looks at you the way he does.. 
Breaking the 2-hour marathon. Crazy? Yes. So we’re doing it. 
Love you too 
I'm coming home 
So good to see Claudia Eloise today in costa maya 
1 year ago today the true heart of Urdang was taken from us 
IM IN MIAMI 
Watch valerianmovie on 4K ultra HD and Blu-Ray 11/21 
This is it goodbye 
Stoked 2 announce our latest addition 
Sunday morning rugby warm up drinks wiv casey bob 
Another fun day wiv these crazy two love them 
On the train together see they can get on sometimes 
Oh yeah big up everyone for your opinion on my tweet about people filming the homeless. All of Your views were valid. 
Another amazing FANJAM ends, and i'm just... speechless. Thanks everyone for the overwhelming love, I feel incredibly blessed to have met every single one of you. I hope you enjoyed it the event! Post our pics and tag your boy... 
Double GLs 
Got some good news to share! I did the 
Well! What a day! I met one of my heroes today: 
Yeessssss 
RIP N.E wish you was still with us. N.EV.E.R forget The real OG 
out to the lovely 
Mad love to 
People will always fish for any excuse to not like you. But deep down they know you inspire them. Got to love the haters too I swear; they’re giving you hella motivation without even realising 
Soon to be announced 
Last thing. Thank you for all the encouragment and kind messages i've received by revealing that i've been battling depression & anxiety. 

I have seen them, and it means more than you'll ever know. God bless you all.

See you soon. 
Very humbled that my friends told me that today's theme & songs i played helped them too. That's powerful.


Wham! will always have a place in my heart. 
Great intro to the BBZ BLK BK tonight with 
10 Years of Livin' Proof. 10 Year Market Place Reunion. So many friends and fam. 
That moment when 
Our location from last night!! 
2 years ago I left this stood on the ice, 2 years later I found her on the ice again, but now she is a beautiful mommy! 
OUT TODAY ON 
Thank you for joining us on our journey into house music..Big 
thank you to everyone for the support and well wishes 
Best of 2017... 
United for life 
After seeing many of you guys being SCAMMED for tickets, we have decided to partner with 
 I 
I mean... 
3 MOBO’s, love you all, thank you 
Wow, thanks for the nice words 
Did not think 
Liquicity have put together a compilation of tracks that have been uploaded to their channel in 2017 and it is released tomorrow. It features three tracks with our name on and we are very happy to be a part of it 
Lock into 
The weekend is devoted to CELEBRATING THE LOVE OF MY LIFE.  Happy Birthday Beautiful (You never looked better HOTTER than ever!) 
Dropping the first track of my album come February... if you were there tonight you heard the first song off the album before anyone else 
 with my 
Senior Year wassup baby 
I love my friends 
All of this. 
Thx for the 
Love them 
 @ Manchester Airport 
Love It 
Come join Miss Freshman Attendant and her panelists as we discuss how Self Love is the Best Love
Thank youuuu 
 have my heart 
Thanks for your love 
 July29! SEASON 2017 PASSES ARE VALID TILL 6PM + from 6PM on for a 50% discount 
New original art for sale! Price includes professional mounting and framing too. Simply DM me if you would like to own this or buy it for a loved one! Happy Friday 
drive very safe tonight please. holidays are crazy. 
Love this!! 
Even though I don't participate in Vlogmas anymore, it's still cool to reminisce and see the joy it brings to others. I couldn't ask for a better gift. Happy 
We're recording a holiday episode of 
Such an awesome day! 
HOLY FUCK WE JUST WON SONG OF THE YEAR. THANK YOU 
Celebrating the new season of 
And this is even awesomer!!!! 
So exciting!!! 
Wishing a very happy birthday to my fave tween 
Packed theatre tonight for the new season of Eastsiders! I’m so proud to be part of this Emmy Nominated Show! Beautiful 
Someone asked me last night what my main screen on my 
Even if I'm not online as much right now I still see everything. Kim stans vs Khloé stans beefing?? Why? We are sisters, Kim and I are each other's biggest fan! Stop bullying one another! ANY sister love is love! Kim and I are honored to be supported by one let alone many 
My perfect weekend staycation in Yorkshire summed up. Thank you to 
Blowing out cobwebs at the top of Sutton Bank I mean does it get anymore breathtaking 
It's a love-hate thing 
The winner in all of our hearts. Congratulations to 
Dear Friend, Meet the cast of Too Old To Die Young..! 
It's a great day to share kindness and give back! 
Oh my lord! Somebody in California please adopt this little pup! 
Glitter on your Unicorn 
An epic love ballad...
I am because of you...I LOVE you!
In love with your 
Ours too 
Not sure who was more excited to bump into each other - 
HD PIC - Super dapper 
Pics : Inside pics of Stylish Star 
INSTA PICS - Rocking the airport look with his Swag & Style 
INSTA STORY by mira.kapoor 
HD VIDEO - Super handsome & dapper 
Video :Stylish and handsome 
VIDEO - Our Style King 
For all my IT cell and bhakt friends- this love song is for you 
Congratulations on your opening 
Thx family
All praise to the most high!!! Thank you sista 
The heartwarming moment our Customer Experience Team - Amy, Emma & Lorna - received handmade 
My new article 
I teamed up with 
Not to be dramatic but the ATL airport just used my pic and I'm so happy rn 
Miss Jordyn leading our Unified Cheer Team to Stoddert Strong Success! 
Loved tasting 
Taking time to celebrate Mrs Owen’s family 
One of the things I LOVE about traveling is the way Black folks acknowledge each other. I won’t know you from Adam but we will “Hey Girl /How y’all doing” each other ALL day. 
COVERGIRLS! 
The dreamy 
Thanks for the love, 
Looking forward to meeting extended members of our WHS family this morning at Grandparents Day festivities.   We 
OUR GENERATION UK TOUR EXTRA DATES NOW ON SALE!!!! I can't wait to see you all!!! 
Just Incase u missed our 
Like the look of this?! Head down to the Souk Kitchen Southville. 

For every bill over £20 they are giving Temwa £1 
'I Opened a Book' - if you've not read this lovely 
All the heroes are incredible people ..BUT his story just touched my 
10 minutes to go!
Bez’s room’s too far away for a Bezzie selfie tonight  
Fully deserved
Love justice enough to ignite action. 
my boyfriend and I wear distance bracelets from 
 if you're ready for a new episode of 
My book is offically released today
Brooklyn May Scherzer has arrived! 11/28/17, 7.4lbs, 20 inches and more amazing than we ever could have imagined! 
Thank you to everyone who came to BRICKLIVE! That’s our final show finished! Thank you for an amazing few days!
£139.21 Raised today doing a tuck shop & raffle raising money for 
Taiwanese steamed bao buns filled with seared beef steak, chilli, greens, grated carrots & special dressing 
My fans are part of my life. I am so blessed to have them 
 Our amazing 
Proud to be living in Victoria with such a progressive government 
This months issue is DEADLY! I am incredibly humbled but most importantly empowered. Black nurses are strong, compassionate & beautiful 
Forget housework, errands & emails! Escape to the Byron Hinterlands for a quiet, refreshing getaway 
A stunning view, just for two 
Voting closes at MIDNIGHT tonight (AEST) for the 
Love & Thanks to 
Fantastic news for our wonderful trans young people everywhere! Amazing! Congratulations to the fabulous advocates everywhere 
To all my LGBTI friends: we love you, we see you, we stand with you. And to the tireless campaigners: thank you. You are giants. 
Breathtaking new image of 
When you can't find a mate Ross is always there 
Little superstar!!! Welcome Mads!!! 
I said I wanted a beignet... and he made me one. 
My heartbeats 
donatella_versace 
I JUST SIGNED MY FIRST BOOK CONTRACT!!!!! get ready for the saddest book of poems, babes 
Sad to see the great man retire. No matter the circumstance he was always supportive & someone I admired on and off the field. Nothing but 
The poets, along with our MIND-BLOWING feature, 
 women's pre season QLD road trip. Sharing our 
You know it’s the real deal when the corgis approve... 
It's Friday, I'm in love...

Who else 
Much love 
Had the best time on Tuesday getting to know 
Coventry.

A lovely hometown gig at the Colly, made even more special by having my mum in the audience! - Now you know where my chubby cheeks come from 
Leeds.

That was ffffcking brilliant!!!
Thanks for being my home away from home 
Glasgow.

Thank you for grinning your teeth and having my back through to the end, it wasn't my best but you stuck by me - I can never express how much I love for you for that, I'll be much next time I promise you! 
Day two! Finals footy! Forever grateful to be back on the pitch with my talented team 
After 6 Days intense training what do 
When your daddy not only wins an award but gets a standing ovation! 
Making Myers+Chang at Home recipes for 
Best wishes to 
So yummmmm!! 
Back with you again today 
FROCK GOSSIP: This Saturday We're Back In Lisburn! 
FROCK GOSSIP: This Sunday Let's Get Ready To Frock! 
FROCK GOSSIP: The Festive Yuletide Event is Coming Soon 
FROCK GOSSIP: A Wonderful Winter of Forthcoming Events 
FROCK GOSSIP: This Saturday - The Wonderful Winter Fair Arrives at Belfast Cathedral 
FROCK GOSSIP: The latest news from Frock Fairs 
Twisted Salvage are back with us Sat 9 Sept for The Splendid September Vintage and Handmade Fair @ Lisburn Market Square 
Luminosity NI are back Sat 9 Sept for The Splendid September Vintage and Handmade Fair at Lisburn Market Square 
Les Sharpe contemporary artist is back with us on Sat 9 Sept for The Splendid September Vintage and Handmade Fair at Lisburn Market Square 
Tandem Photography NI are back with us on Sat 9th Sept for The Splendid September Vintage and Handmade Fair at Market Square Lisburn 
Read all about it! This week's FROCK GOSSIP newsletter is out now 
Excited to be joined by 
The doors are about to open at Belfast Castle for The Last Days of Summer Vintage & Handmade Fair and we're here til 5pm. Hope to see you 
Today's the day! The Last Days of Summer Vintage & Handmade Fair is on from 12-5pm at Belfast Castle. 30 fab stalls. Adm £3 for adults 
Great buzz in 
Mama Pringles with her baby Cheeto, in their new home with their new chihuahua brother! 
Thank you David Wolfe for sharing our little rescue in the woods again!
Happy Birthday brotha
My favourite place for breakfast 
Yas!!! We love this! 
I am so here for this 
This puppy couldn't stop crying out in pain when anyone came near him because he'd never felt a gentle touch. But then he met this woman 
FREE HOT DRINK TOMORROW when you post one of our pictures in this album 
Crazy full circle. Larsen’s cousin works on 
Couples who Belay together, stay together. 
Free harness and shoe hire today cos we're feeling the luuuurve! 
"Still I Rise" ~Maya Angelou 
yesssss gorgeous ladies!!!! love you all
umm wow! you are incredibly talented!
We'll all find our balance. Thanks for watching 
hope you all loved our fall finale as much as I did...happy holidays! 
 Thank you for watching with us!! That’s it for 2017!! The journey continues after the holidays. 
awww stop! love to you 
Thanks for the very generous offer.  I won’t be taking advantage, but I’m donating 
Yaaas!!!! Fiddler on the Roof have been nominated for Best Musical Revival!! So honoured to have been apart of such a brilliant show. 
Long phone calls with my dad are the best
Moment of appreciation for the beautiful women that is my mumma
Thanks to The Duff Guide to Ska for the mention of our New York 12/16 show with 
Could not have said it better myself! Thank you, 
So amazing!!! Thank you, fans, for this! I so wanted to go to the 
We are thrilled to announce our new partnership with 
Had an amazing day yesterday.. thanks for everyone who made is special 
Join me today at 6:30pm on 
THANK U MAN!!  its a dream to open for you guys on tour or even have a writing session with yall!! true talent!!! 
So blessed to be spending our first thanksgiving together in Dallas 
Pure love and happiness with this girl 
Question for my IT friends. Have you heard of CyberArk? RTs are appreciated 
 #5 
Wait til you meet PaPa Hardy 
Lest we forget those who sacrificed their today, so we could live our tomorrow 
Finally shared my experiences at 
technologies that have changed my life in no particular order:
- axios
- prettier
- vscode
- vue
- greensock
- lodash
- three.js
- svg
- d3
- leaflet
- nuxt
- babel

, who remembers this gem from back in the day?!
I redesigned my zines page!!! now the zines are much better organized and it is easier to find everything 
This is why we love football. Widnes lead 3-1 against Padiham until this happens in the final minute of play.. 
So proud of the 
Hello, wow we would love it. We are 
Gotta love him. 
Thank you guys 
Missed you all 
Thank you to all my 
The submission deadline for this is December 1st! Thanks for all your submissions so far! 
SHE'S BEEN FOUND! 
think im having a 
 we’ve hit a bug that prevents UWPs from opening so we will not be flighting a new build today. Have a great weekend! 
 Broken Top Mountain, Oregon 
Happy Friday night people! Whatever you're up to keep Rik in your heart 
New article!  Do read and provide feedback!  
Today is Giving Tuesday, invest in the OSS that makes your life easier! 
Huge thanks to 
2-foot-long pizza from 
Tourist time with 
On my way to 
Obsessed with this 
 dropping truth about disrespect for users. 
Congratulations also to our friends at 
He’s a giant bull with an even bigger heart. 
My first 2018 cover ! 
I'm sorry for what you're going through. 
Season IV will show/release during fashion month in February ('18) !! 
BREAKING NEWS! Following 
Sweet hearts! 
Black Friday deal. 
So proud of my friend, the amazing Tracy Inman 
Just home from what was THE  most incredible  gig with 
Congratulations to our Co-Director Lily Huang, winner of the 1st annual Young Champion of Justice Award! 
Yes, thanks for the invitation and another great evening—wonderful to see so many 
My dear friend, teacher & creator of all the BVs on our records 
Soundcheck Paris. For those about to Rock@cc_irlandais x
Cork City 
Tonight is my last gig in Dublin for 2017. 
You guys already what know what we’re 
Finish off your weekend in the best way possible... With our Value Menu - 4 courses  €25
Why not indulge this evening and give yourself a well deserved treat
Saturday sweet treats await you 
It’s Friday a night to be wined & dined 
Our €25 Value Menu the perfect way to end your working week 
I'm up bright and early for a Sunday to talk about a brilliant new digital initiative from 
Community service is 
Today’s word is Fascinating or Facinating if you’re nine and writing secret words for your mam 
Just polished off 
 this shop
We've been fans for so long & we got finally got our girls 
Dublin's kid in 
Unbelievable. 
Ahead of her Dublin gig next week... tune in to the arts show on 
Volotea, the airline of European mid and small-sized cities, expects to transport more than 4.7 million passengers in 2017! 
Volotea wishes you a great weekend! 
So grateful to these young students for their support 
Thank you for the support 
Another fantastic Q Bake Off toady in Cork for 
A wonderful gift just in time for the holidays for women's health at Brampton Civic. Thank u 
What an amazing & fun year with my TO West Fam 
Thanks for visiting our 
Main thing to take away though is that Dublin got the best out of us for three absolute slamming gigs in a row. Big fucken love to all 
Happening until 8pm tonight: 15% of proceeds to 
What a wonderfulwrap to 
Mrs. Crawford’s grade 3 class!! 
At Citadel High, students promote positivity 
Tomorrow evening from 7-9pm there will be a candlelight vigil on Rochester Drive, Hammonds Plains... in memory of Simon Coffey
Our deepest condolences and sympathies to everyone effected by this terrible tragedy. Our hearts are with you
Sesame Street is proud to support families of all shapes, sizes, and colors. 
REUNITED
I love being gay. I love gay people. 
YOU are. 
Why are we the cutest? I 
Congrats on a great run 
happy closing 
Yay! Taking a tour with 
Starting Jan. 11 (at 
Thank you ma’am 
I couldn’t have had more fun or enjoyed a more interesting talk than the great time I had with Geena Davis for this 
It was such a huge honor to be in conversation with my hero 
We just love 
We are deeply saddened to hear about the passing of Jana Novotna. Our hearts go out to her loved ones at this time.

May she rest in peace. 
Still reveling in this little daydream come to life... 
Today was one of the most moving and beautiful summits I have ever experienced. So much healing happened through all those tears...
spending the evening with our students, families and teachers learning all about STEM. 
Investing in our community builds a better community for us all - Josh Sullivan on 
Why 
Love those two gents right there! Big 
Six years ago I created a show called 
Wanna win FREE 
Every kid needs a champion. 
Puerto Rico, our hearts and prayers go out to you.  We’re all in this together.  
S/o everyone who joined us tonight on Instagram Live. Big Thank You to everyone who has donated. 
Thank you! I love a good slow clap. 
Wow- Thank you, William! I want to come work on your show some time. 
Me too. 
So nice! Thank you so much for that! 
Wow- thank you! Ummm... I hope so too! Don’t know what’s in store for Ms. Abbott, but you know she’s not going down easy! 
New video 
had a blast
We've really lost a special person today. You'll always be an inspiration. RIP Gord. 
Love from all of us to all of you. He was an incredible man.
You got this 
Go go go! Congrats brilliant 
Tomorrow night we'll be sampling at 
Turkey Trot Two Step with 
Can’t wait for your episode to air!!!! You are amazing!! 
We've got our ugly Christmas sweaters ready! Get ready for an awesome time at 
This girl 
Today was our best market result ever at BOTH 
Sneak peek as we fish our final headshots. It was freezing cold but a lot of fun! What a gorgeous space and such lovely people! 
Thank you so much for the great article on the 
Best visitors ever 
Happy Thanksgiving!!! So thankful for all 4.6 million of you! Have an amazing day
Thank you to our awesome EA's!  You are the BEST
Happy Mother's Day to our WH Ballard families!  Thank you for all you do 
My little brother is the funniest person I know, and I could not fathom a life without him....so please REGISTER & RETWEET, his donor may be on your timeline!!!
Happy Thanksgiving everyone, be thankful today and everyday! 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone
It's Small Business Saturday AND I 
Is it bad that I am STILL thinking about 
 had so many awesome people their today! Can't wait to show all of you that couldn't make it 
The music community is coming together to support a teen in a life-threatening accident—here’s how you can help 
Matisse. You are so kind & thoughtful. Thank you for caring about Foo4Kids. When you come to visit us, l'll make sure Frankie the poodle will be at the office to also say thanks! 
Cheers to 5 great years & one million dollars raised for 
Kittens will always cheer you up 
Road trippin today to Calgary solely for USS 
Missing you 
Shoutout to the twinsie for 
That’s THE ARSENAL right there
400K 
Want to reduce food waste in your city while feeding people in need? There's an app for that! 


Hot tip: March 30th. Save the date. DJs I 
 really IS the best medicine 
We're kicking off the holiday season with one of our favorite events of the year, handing out gifts at 
Last night we said goodbye to 
Power couple!!! You guys look amazing!! 
Beautiful couple 
Perfect in every configuration, thank you 
Feeling so festive after visiting the 
For Her and For Him - the 12 Day Advent Calendars are now available! 
LACA BLOODCLART ZETTE 
  "GOOD SHOES TAKE YOU TO GOOD PLACES" 
KA’s wonderful 
Sending so much love to the 2017 CFE writers tonight as they wait for results to be released at 8 am - especially my old coworkers from KPMG. Can’t wait to celebrate with you tomorrow 
 I CAN’T WAIT FOR MAY! Thank you 
Vote for my bestie 
As a parent all you want to do is 
Sending our Aussie farmers some 
Being a Riveter was one of my greatest honors. Good luck to my sisters tonight in their first game, go get that W! 
Aaaaa thank you soo much 
I'm going to be sharing posts over next few weeks about a few of the amazing women in the Growing Pains video 
So true April! You deserve a break as does everyone, especially those who go above and beyond to help others. Treat yourself 
No matter what obstacle you're facing in your life right now, you have the strength to overcome them. Keep your head up,I believe in you! 
So proud of us all tonight!! Such a great turn out with a lot of support!! Can’t wait to see what the future holds for Oblivion!! 
What a crew to rep 
We have collectively given a substantial donation to 
 on the set of the new show 
To everyone who has been a part of my journey, you have my sincerest gratitude. Extremely fortunate for 4 incredible yrs. Much love 
Omg I love this 
big love to Pilerats 
shoutout to this guy for putting up with me over the last two months. 
SYDNEY I 
I'm not saying ban guns (I'm not into guns though but each to their own).. What I AM saying is that a little regulation goes a long way 
So great to spend time with this beauty again! 
this is mad! 10,000,000 streams on The Best You Had. thank you everybody, I have news on the album very very soon 
I’m only making one version of the album. but perhaps there’ll be bonus tracks eventually 
Treated to the most beautiful collar set today!! - Thank you so much 
My make up tutorial when I met 
Thank you .. that would be another dream come true 
Please check out my cover 
Thank you so much everyone 
Thank you lots 
I miss the us already!! 
I'd soooo watch too. 
We've got something for everybody at our CP Has Heart HQ 
Do you know how many footballs are in our heart? Visit the Guess-timation Station at our 
All you need is love 
A selfie outside 
Last day in our grade 5/6 Class; thank you to the students, staff and our amazing coop for teaching us what it really means to be a teacher 
New product has landed 
Sorry friends! The human is sacked! How is everyone? 
Afternoon friends! 
Happy Friday friends 
I was playing a game called 
It's all about spreading the love 
Update: Thanks to YOU, our supporters, over 170 dogs are heading for warm beds and loving families after a life of unimaginable suffering on a South Korean dog farm 
Look who’s back! Welcome home St. Andrew’s Rooster! 
For my Miami folks, I'll be on WSVN (Fox affiliate) tonight at 10pm sharing holiday gift ideas for the men in your life with 
Mark your Basel calendars to speak up at our 
My favorite person in my favorite place
Deets from the other day.
One of my favorite shoots, ever. Even in the coldest of days, you never seize to amaze me, NYC. 
If you know me, you know I live for a good leopard print moment.
Happy Thanksgiving! I Know I’m a lucky girl when I have more things to be grateful for than I can count on both hands
UPDATE: there were also flowers on my desk at the office. 
After being gone for 2 weeks, I walked into an absolutely spotless house last night. It was pristine. After 13 years, 
 Made some magic in senior lyrical last night w/ mzstephmg 
The song comes out tomorrow!!! 
Alumni Caleb Coffey 
Alumni Dan Burquist 
Alumni Zoey Lee, MacKenzie Portella, & Matthew Slade 
These camo pants from 
Missing our 
They just finished their races. And then got engaged. 
When Ida’s husband passed away, she was a vulnerable widow struggling to provide for her son Alex. But she found hope through FH child sponsorship and a strengthened relationship w/ her late husband’s family…read her story today! 
This pup is killing me. How can I snuggle this dog ASAP? Big thanks to 
Just saying we LOVE 
RT if you too want to rewind back to the 
Keeping up with the 
Mooi Dems!!! 
Sooooo lovely to meet you 
You can see loads more from today's 
Tomorrow morning I'm going to show Alaia this msg, I'm gonna be the coolest Mum everrrr!!! 
ICYMI- An exclusive clip from 
It's true! 
Thanks for all the birthday wishes from everyone yesterday I see and appreciate them all 
My new single 'So What' is out today 
Loving this little outfit that I styled for a client today 
Cool look right ? 
Errands + Dance Mom Duties = Saturdays 
CW 
Watching the rehearsals 
Yessss I’ll drop 3 new tunes in December 
The support on 
For the perfect pre-baby getaway check out 
"I don't see myself as disabled."
14-year-old quadruple amputee Isabelle is truly inspirational. 
We wish we could be this happy all the time! 
GOOD NEWS, 
Max & Mille are 
All join 
One for the books
H-TOWN MADNESS 
Nothing brings 
The party's over, but we'll be back next week for more 
What a great event 
 in hermes silk wrap 
Thank you so Kelly for making me looks so beautiful. 
Peanut butter and cookie love affair 
Rest in peace, 
Happy birthday to the "Father of the Blues" himself, 
DREAMLAND WAS AMAZING!
Been silent for a while: WHO'S READY FOR NEW MUSIC 
My face rn cus 'David & Goliath' is finally out everywhere!! 
A brilliant morning 
If anyone wants any tickets please contact me, I would 
You can’t teach heart,  wait an see 
 is at the moment one of my favorite artist, such a great producer 
The time I spend with you is always the best 
Back in the USA 
Australia: coming back to you very soon 
Finally about to announce the LA show I know everyone been waiting patiently 
Orlando- slight change tonight. We’re doing a free show at Attic. Head to Alliance Events FB page and click going for free entry 
Tampa tomorrow night! It’s always a crazy one 
We are your 
rare SoCal tickets go on sale today at 3 pm pacific.... be ready people 
World radio day. Hit the DMs to show us some love 
Thank you everyone for the amazing memories!! 
Happy Birthday to one of my oldest friends 
Happy birthday to my baby girllll 
Happy birthday to a very good mate of mine 
Big thanks to Yvonne & the 
No shows this weekend blocked the diary to spend time with my amazing wifey 
I'm proud to say im born and bread in Manchester , a strong working class community and values 
Rosie we love you 
When I started Chillhop 5 years ago & the biggest channel in this music had 30k subscribers, I could only dream about reaching 1 million. Receiving this after 5 years of working on it is a great feeling, thx to everyone who showed support & the artists for their faith in us. 
 these 
Very proud to be part of the Tipton Remembrance Parade. We will always remember the sacrifice made and being made today. 
 out of all these friends and lovers, there is no one compares with you...
1st video courtesy… 
 Of all these friends and lovers, there is no one compares with you 
And in the end... the 
DREAM CAR 
A great write up by 
I’m #5 but you been my #1 through this long journey 
Beautiful sunset over 
Gotta Love What You Do & I LOVEEE What I Do 
 my g proud of you 
I just finished my first ever storyboard test! 
Just want to say a HUGE thanks once again to each of you for all of your birthday messages, cards & presents. 
Really overwhelmed with all the love!

It's been around for a while now but still 
HIGHER FURTHER FASTER MORE 
Loving colours of shot of our driveway this afternoon 
Got some time to write out more thoughts about this incredible weekend 
'At the going down of the sun and in the morning - we will remember them' 
Even Santa's little helper has entered his Christmas Wish! Come to Bangor and enjoy the festive fun with the Heart Angels! 
Come down to Bangor to see the Heart Angels! We're giving you the chance to make a loved ones Christmas wish come true! 
Yay Australia! 
THIS IS SO AMAZING AND IM DELIGHTED TO BE INCLUDED!!!!!! Congratulations 
Me and my dad bk in the day at Disney 
We love him too... Happy 99th please give him our regards Julie 
I love u unconditionally 
Thank you for having me
Central Park - never fails to make me want to get out and run 
  Brunch? 
 never disappoints 
Unfortunately today was not the day for our story to be heard. Due to breaking news our story was cut off live tv. The royal wedding will go ahead however mental health issues will always remain 
Home time..En route to the airport after a great 3 days.Thanks to 
Just seen this politically incorrect, rude little, animal loving, funny fucker 
My brother’s birthday is tomorrow!!! Robert has made us laugh and smile every day since he was tiny. I love this photo of him wrapped up in one of his favourite blankets. Too cute!! I’ll be sharing all of my favourite photos of Robert to celebrate his 14th birthday. 
Tomorrow we celebrate my amazing brother’s 14th birthday. I’ll be sharing some of my favourite memories of Robert over the years. Stay tuned for some very special 
Never x
Absolutely gorgeous 
Seriously 
 x about last night x
This melts my heart 
Love this rendition of We Three King’s by 
John Sutton is eager to strike up new combinations with incoming recruit Dane Gagai! 
Doesn't matter what kit you're wearing 
Souths Cares and 
It’s definitely been an exciting year and I want to thank you guys so much for your ongoing support, you guys are the best! 
Hey Guys ! I'm heading down to Manly bright and early tomorrow with the Sunrise team for a very special event! So excited! 
 look what came in the post today 
Hanging with 
St. Ambrose Cellars this Saturday night 6-9pm! Music and mead!! I can't wait! 
just as promised : I donated $1,000 personally. go 
Hope Switzerland started the tour right! Thanks again 
Thanks for sharing the 
I’m literally obsessed with everyone in this picture. The sisterhood is strong y’all 
 Rodarte’s FW17 beaded look and gloves in 
That's my bae 
Home 
If there's One True Pairing, it's called 
Merry Christmas from 
Three words defining these ladies : Beautiful, funny & heart. 
Today has been good. I watched a horrid movie with Barry 
This Is How Real Men Shoot Animals 
Louisiana → do you know a tireless volunteer? Nominate him or her for the 
My sweet pal 
You ever wonder what a genius does when they get bored plowing fields? Matt is a different species I swear. ITS LITERALLY FLAWLESS. Go state
Check out a new ep of 
Thanks guys! I had a blast!! 
 Thanks for the love 
 dropped that she drinks 
Went to see 
LOVE. THIS. Shout out to 2016 Award Nominees 
This is Peter, he was one of the Keepers who came to rescue Chaimu when we found her alone+ terrified. He was very serious when he saw the terrible condition Chaimu was in, but he smiled this gorgeous smile before they left + i felt such hope! 
Thank you , Thank you !  
It’s my pleasure ! Everyone has really stepped up today for our 
With my love on 
 brings you closer to people! Read more about this research to get your pulse racing 
If you care about Christmas in the slightest...you’d do yourself a favor and download 
I do it for my family
What an INCREDIBLE day!!! If you came to our Christmas Market today, in any capacity, THANK YOU. You made all my Christmas wishes come true 
I CANNOT stop thinking about our Christmas Market. I am so overwhelmed by how many of you came from so far away and queued for 90 minuets to get in. That queue did not go down all day. You’re gorgeous. It makes me want to cry happy, overtired, over emotional, grateful tears 
It's going to be a matte weekend 
So much love for my 
Love sharing the screen with my sister 
Looooove this young woman! My daughter and BEST friend 
Happy Veterans Day dad, and everyone who has served. 
“You need to feel in order to heal” 
Love! She’s a smart one. 
What’s the best piece of advice you’ve ever gotten? Going to RT my favorites! 
Just exchanged Facebooks with my pizza guy cause he wants me to meet his newborn. Respect everyone's grind. Always. 
Kicked off the Babylon tour last night with a sweaty sold out show in Honolulu! 1 down, 45 to go. Tix here. 
If you've not been in here's a walk round of our beautiful family friendly flooring showroom 
got this 
 From today forward, every Dec 1 should be in remembrance of Jim Chenot. Listening all day. 
thank you so much for all the grammys love today everyone, the only reason we're where we are is because of all of you. thank you SO much for giving us this job. 
Don't worry about the rain I'll brighten your day today Newquay Fish Festival
Come and see me tomorrow at Truro Farmers Market for all your August bank holiday Cornish Sea Salt needs.
I'm here today in Falmouth for all your Cornish Sea Salt goodness 
My friend Chloe being a hero 
I'm here at Stithians Show 
Come and see me tomorrow at Stithians Show 
I’m so proud of what our team have achieved in such a short time! 
 enter & 
 with us on June 30th for national cream tea day 
So proud of this team!  
What happened when Chucho’s opened on the “worst” street in the Toon... 
LONDON! Nothing but love for the last 3 days 
Enjoy our His & Hers Perfect Pair cocktails available in our Walter's Bar this 
Our delicious 4 course 
LOVE 2 
Can’t wait to see you, thanks Moz 
Your first look at the 
Psssst 
Back off Tom Daley! This is my Oyster Bae 
Massive congratulations to Pip from 
A credit to our country to have someone as talented and intellectual 
This guy! 
Nice roast 
To all the people coming into our place 
We love 
A little cover of 
Birthday celebrations with sissy on Saturday. She is so precious to me 
Bath... Bristol... Excited to see u soon! En route to play 
Music we & YOU our audience
Amazing evening at 
In Year 9 or 10 in Sept? 
Happy 50th birthday to the legend above that is Eamonn Dolan. Reading FC legend, ECFC legend and Football legend. 
Home game for the girls today a local(ish) derby against 
Congratulations to 15 of our squad for making the Ospreys u18s squad for this season! Huge achievement for the club!! 
I absolutely 
FA Vase 3rd replay

Coventry United Fc supporting 
Coffee with the ladies  
Think someone's missed me this weekend 
The weekend is here! The Social Media Team will be back first thing Monday morning. Our Support Team will be available to assist with any urgent questions or queries that you may have. 
Lots of people have asked how much money I collected in my bucket! I collected £3,000 and then another £10,000 from 
You are one talented man mate.... 
We all have a part to play in creating a world where everyone, everywhere can be themselves. So 
Child safety is very important please RT something that is very close to my 
Oh what a beautiful morning.......

Honestly huge shout out to anyone who had nice things to say about my recent work at the shindig last night. Really needed that 
Revlon ambassador 
"Finding the right shade of foundation is like finding true love." 
Thursday. 
This is a lovely story. Ewa Durska, gold medallist in Rio, receives World Fair Play Diploma. 
Day 3 - Visited some of Valencia’s main attractions today 
Happy birthday to my brother from long time 
positive ft 
TORONTO NIGHT 2 // THE LAST SHOW OF TOUR !!!!!! Come on down, ur most defs on the price is right. 
Happy birthday mummy 
 .
Dream come true making my 
Most amazing honour being called into the 
We love you 
Still wanna see more pics of our launch?  Woza nana 
Thank u darling Allan took me out for lunch at their Lebanese restaurant amazing 
I had a great day with good people and food out of this world thank u for having me 
Let us remember all those living with hiv all they need is Love and respect not pity 
Our own Mambazo are doing it again wow u r the best we love u 
I'm so happy I just met my mom 
Shout out to you too Mme 
Omg I want to kiss Chloe’s wrinkly face she is so cute! 
: 

RT - Former captain 
Blind for Love 
One of my favorite things about living in Nashville is how strong & supportive the women are & refuse to feel competitive or like there’s only space for a few of us. Some of these women are my closest friends & they all inspire me w/their talent. 
Please make “Man of the Year” a tie between Carmen Yulín Cruz  and 
Awesome having you on the show. Thank YOU
This is what I love. This is what I do. Feels good to be training again with the lads. Khosi for life 
Where life begins and let’s be never ends. FAMILY 
Good win from the boys to advance to the semi finals of the TELKOM knockout cup. Great team spirit and a good fight
Throwback goes to this 1. 
All things are possible if you believe. Believe believe believe!!! 
orcas belong in the ocean 
My future is as bright as my faith 
Match day 
Noah looked like and idiot until it started to rain 
Keep building 
There are so many people out there who will tell you that you can't What you've got to do is turn around and say watch me
Thank you so much for all the special birthday wishes and to those who made it so special 
Bruh. 
Jessica Nkosi is my spillion 
My friends are married! Mr & Mrs Robinson 
8 months old today and already pulling tongues! 
You not only empowered yourself but you have left a inspirational legacy for young girls to achieve their dreams 
We're thrilled to announce that we are now a fully licensed bank! A huge thanks to you all for your support 
Mommy! Daddy! Junior LOVES hiking too!
Win a 
A selection of our latest Max Factor must-haves 
Thank you so much Gina and 
So ridiculously proud of this one 
*** CLASS ALERT*** 
Thurs 23rd Nov 10:30-12pm w/ 
My bestie
My very talented cousin Elliot took that photo. Find him on instagram 
Think this review sums up our beautiful 
Thank you Andrew. What an incredible and evocative review. So much love for your words
The best of luck to my one and only 
I love you! Even more now since Pizzagate. Miss you 
Thankyou darling!!! I’ll endeavour to do you and Wales proud
The best friends and family a girl could ask for 
 I’m a broken woman doing the night shifts with my sick baby then going into rehearsals/ first day of tech 
Being bed bound and ill makes me emotional, so I'm sat in bed crying because of 
Good luck to my one and ONLY 
And just like that 
Many thanks to outgoing representatives Mark Atkin, Patrick Hörl, Jim Louderback, Don Wilcox and Josephine Wright for their immense contributions 
Difficult driving conditions can exist at all times of the year across the Pacific Northwest. We've compiled links & other important sources of safe driving information for you to check before traveling. Enjoy your travels and 
Excited to get 
Happy Birthday to the phenomenal woman, 
right back atcha
Just finished series 4 of 
TODAY join us in sending 
Hot off the press: see who has won the $$ in the 
Don’t miss Fashion Police: The Farewell tonight on E! at 8/7c 
The moment has arrived!  This amazing metallic puffer coat just went online right now!!! Hurry before we sell out (trust me, we will) by going to link in my bio or 
Loving the way the gorgeous 
 Yum 
How freaking cute are these 
Glorious day in 
10 Secrets To Learning Anything 
An Eng. 1 teacher and coach that practices what she preaches..."I am determined to finish out this year with a “get to” mentality as opposed to a “have to” mentality."  -I 
Best of luck to the absolute hero 
Great evening celebrating 
We would like to thank 
I'm honored to share this 
It's today! My 3rd baby is here... Thank you for all your support running up to this day and I hope you all love 
Today is the last day to support our 
Wow our 
Thxs 
Sitzprobe time with 
So long but never goodbye to one of the most generous and genuinely lovely gents in the land, 
It's the first episode of the new season of the undateables....  Get ready for the tears!!!  
HE WON!!!!!!!!!!  My very talented Calmun won Best Actor at the Helpmann Awards in Oz.  I couldn't be prouder of you 
Couldn't have said it better myself...  Gonna miss sharing a room and many laughs with these 2 beauties 
My children and me - their refugee dad - can live TOGETHER in this country because of programs like DACA. These things matter. Immensely. 
Working on new material! Don’t forget to get your tickets for 27-12-17 
So proud of us 
For all who need it. For myself, for strangers, for those I love. Keep on keeping on 
So looking forward to reading "T'was the night before Christmas" for 
Bye 
Well done everyone 
Ahh that’s a very kind thing to say x
Look closely I’ve got a strawberry slush .. a pub that caters for all 
All these amazing sponsors can’t wait to meet u all 
U need to c this it’s gonna b great 
The amazing view from where I’m staying while up here in Carlisle ready 4 panto 
No other name should be 
Help us raise £20,000 for our amazing local charities 
What a fantastic day we've had today! The 
We were very grateful to accept a donation for £1000 from the Charlie and Kathleen Dunnery Children's fund.Thank you so much! 
Don't do Christmas as such but 
The fountains are red at Barker’s Pool for 
I’m so blown away by the response to ‘This Christmas Day’ I’m sorry I’ve made some of you cry. I can’t watch the video either. Every download helps to raise money for 
It was so nice to meet you both! Well done on a fantastic show! It was an honour to be part of such a fab event for a terrific cause! 
Thanks - we 
My friend's cat went missing on Sunday from Todwick, Sheffield. If you have seen Willow please let me know.  Any information really appreciated. Thank you 
“Without you I can't help but wonder where you are
Without I'm just fallin', fallin' apart.”

I hope everyone has a great weekend! 
It's better to see something once than to hear about it a thousand times!
Thankful for all the amazing friends I have made this past year and hope every single one of you have an amazing day with friends and family! Love you all!
Updated version: Sat night, in Nashville, hot chicken with the husband, getting to go see 
Me when my 
Big ups all of you 
Brilliant dinner 
And this my friends, is a mince pie croissant. Pie love you 
The perfect pair 
Remember! OCTAVE!! Is on tomorrow 5-6 in Ruchazie parish church! If you’re 8-12 please come along 
In need of something sweet and 
 have just about recovered from our epic 
Fun time being tourists today. Love 
Excited about 
1 MORE DAY TO ENTER THIS 
Some familiar names in 
Happy birthday gorgeous 
We rise by lifting others .. 
In collaboration with 
I was looking for happiness and then I discover EDM
New York 
Christmas Present shopping 
Lastly we have change concepts well not all 72 but they are the 
Ahhhhh such a cracking gig tonight 
Help shape dementia research in Scotland 
Moments like these are why I love playing the game... Shane’s reaction and face is priceless 
Fantastic night at 
The only reason we've been able to save over 8.5 million pounds of "ugly" produce to date is because kind folks like you believing in us. We wish you a very happy Thanksgiving from the bottom of our potato-shaped hearts. 
Happy save the turkey day! I hope you all have a beautiful day with your family and friends 
Pending coffee is  back for the third year running. We NEED your help. Do you work in a coffee shop? Know someone that does? Get involved 
Whilst waiting to be a patient today 
I had a fantastic day, but now I am off to rest! Thank you to everyone who attended my Business Breakfast Event this morning 
Who doesn't love a bear hug?! 
Oh Madidi, you just melt our hearts! 
Happy Mothers Day 
Back where it all began tonight, in Nottingham!!! 
So amazing to see all different Cultures coming together to celebrate a city we all love 
We love Manchester 
My country 
Congrats to my mate 
Thank you Draggys 
Hospitality is about serving, not performing; creating space, not taking the stage; being with, not showing off for. 
May your homes & tables be safe places for people to be loved back to life this holiday season. 
My game pays tribute to a great man of 
We have just about recovered from 
Hello Bath! 
Amazing poinsettia door jewellery - now in! Made in Bath 
Man marking out on a small pitch with his blind friend's hands so he knows what's happening during the game. Class
Want to star on stage with Bollywood dance legend Karan Pangali? Auditions Mon 16 Oct, Kingston College ACT. 
In assoc with Love Kingston 
LET'S END IT
End isolation
End stigma
End HIV transmission

It's a fine day when you get to spend it with these charming fellas! 
We agree 
It looked stunning over the hospital 
What an honor to meet everyone ! Much love to you all 
 a good Christmas market especially in the evening 
Finished copies of 
Get your limited edition colour vinyl Pre-Order at 
Tonight? Blue Balls Night, Kaufleuten Lounge, Zurich, Switzerland; Stage: 10:20pm-11:20pm. Come oooon doooowwn 
Play in' Bebop Festival today in Le Mans, France. Stage: "Area (Chapiteau)" Do you have a ticket? Then come ooon doooown 
My boys have done it again, go check out their new single ‘Famous’ now!


If you’re in Glasgow tonight and want something to do? go see 
Deserves it 
BIG home gig EDINBURGH 
EDINBURGH
This is why I wrote this book and now my heart is bursting 
A1: LOVE SONGS & OTHER LIES is a YA contemporary coming 4.24.18. Chapters alternate between the couple's first love story senior year & their turbulent reunion 2 yrs after breaking up when they're reunited on a battle of the bands reality show tour bus!
The latest addition to our bestiary, 
As an American Muslim I especially needed to hear & see this today. Thank God for our Native American sisters & brothers. 
Looking for a Christmas gift with a conscience? We love this inspired list from 
This is stellar news! I can’t wait for this 
Rem this day 
What an honor! Thank you 
And I'll always count myself so, so lucky I have you, dear Jo! Here's to 
Still in love with the 
- Wrote a Gay elven book 
Drop this a 
I will never forget this concert. Pavel was right when he said that you were on fire! Thank you for such a tremendous night! 
 still on a different planet after your amazing performance last night. You was incredible. Feel so happy. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. 
Fancy getting your hands on one of these business bibles? 
RT & 
Wooww thanks 
Whuttt, thanks 
Safe travels Sue 
☆INSTAGRAM GIVEAWAY!☆
We are celebrating the release of 
I want to hug my @'s right now. Thank you, you guys. You are the best. Thank you. Thank you. Thank you. That's... thank you. 
The ladies! Lovely to see you today You are the best.
This is so Ezra 
Courtesy of lovely stelllagibson 
'Every Time I See You' Feat. RAiK OUT NOW!!!!!!! 
Hi Ava! So glad you enjoyed it! 
True that 
 What would your future memory show?
Woo hoo! Big congrats to 
500k spotify streams on ‘Every Time I See You’ Feat. 
Are you NaNoing? I hope today you write a scene you’re EXCITED about, that reminds you why you love this project 
I have a 
 soon
The Soulwood series hits the mark! 
Wonderful! 
Need an Urban Fantasy fix? 
A sweet 
WOW! That was fast! I 
thesketchyreader's photo 
Loooooveeee. 
250k views on Youtube! 
Thanks 4 all the support 
“A Matter Of Chance” by 
The Good Widow is on sale all month for $1.99! 12/1-12/31 
2017 stats for writers:

1) client from the slush pile

2) clients from pitch contests (
Instead of fighting like cats and dogs, how about if we get along like cats and dogs? 
Can u guys go follow mikaheijen on IG he's my photographer and he's almost on 4k 
Love is little to what I felt to watch the video. 
PEOPLE GO WATCH 
you aren't human, you're a divine being.
It could be a fairy or an angel, or both.

LOVE YA 
Happy release day! 
I can’t wait! 
Awesome! 
What a fantastic reading spot! 
A simple 
Christmas shopping with my girl 
Girlfriends, daughter & daughters of my heart, it's going to be so good! PJ's, popcorn, and the Hallmark Channel! It's a date & you're invited! 
Brought to you by 
This brought me to tears. Thank you. And please thank them. They give me hope for the future. I’m going to keep writing for them 
One of my favorite reads of 2017 
Day 1 of Crohns & Colitis Awareness Week 
the world needs more love, a word and a smile can help and save a person!!
 tea? We're looking for Instagram Brand Ambassadors for Tea Huggers 
“...the
held-breath of sirens in

     the distance
my head like a bell
     submerged...”


Wear the colour of the season in style just like the gorgeous 
Let's give a big hand to 
Looking forward to this event 
Lace details & the comfiest tracksuit ever 
Out with the old, in with the new 
Finally some red & pink! 
It's that time of year. 
It really has been such a long rollercoaster year and i’ve over come so many obstacles and At the moment i just couldn’t be happier 
What a beautiful article 
Happy birthday Dad you are truly one in a million and today we are going to prove that
3 gigs in Italy in January 
What a phenomenal beginning of our tour! Thank you San Francisco! 
then drop those weak asses and let everybody know you deserve more than just respect!! self love is letting no one walk all over you girl, raise your standards and you’ll attract people with the same mentality & will never let you lower them for anybody or any reason 
Water, education, health, food, opportunity. Today 
Want to make a real difference in somebody's life? Don't know where to begin? All you have to do is open this 
My fathers reaction to seeing my sister in her wedding dress was PRICELESS 
How good is it buying people presents !!!!
What a week this is for 
Happy birthday Lisa! I love you down to your socks, queen! 
This weekend a member of our TA family transitioned. Christa Bennett was a ray of sunshine. Our hearts & prayers are with Christa's family
From Refugee camp to the cover of 
On our story: models — including 
Danced my socks off now it’s chill time in my cosy new pj’s 
Please RT as a mark of respect for the 867 people who died from preventable overdoses in Scotland last year and all those affected 
We interrupt your browsing to bring you this broadcast. IDLE CROWN HAS LANDED. This is not a drill. 
The silver lining the world needs right now. So humbled to be on this list. 
Fantastic work by fantastic group of people 
My heart is broken to hear today's very sad news... Unbelievable human being ready to smile for everything, happy to share her knowledge of our sport and encourage everybody anytime to be greater everyday... Rest In Peace dear Jana! 
A great news! Congrats Ana! 
How lucky am I!? 
Fan
Happy thanksgiving everyone 
Eyyyyyyy check out this remix of 'Just Dance' courtesy of 
Vancouver last night was so tight! 
Summer Sonic!!!!!! Too excited for this 
It's the first day of the festive period! How will you focus on kindness this holiday season? We'd love to hear  
Always a pleasure to share a moment with my fans 
Ahhh thank you 
Looking forward to performing for and supporting 
Congratulations to you both! Have an amazing day full of love, laughter and happiness 
Oh my gosh, love this 
A year ago today I was in Glasgow for the first night of my 'evening with' tour with this lovely lot 
I think my heart just burst into a million tiny pieces. Some hope. 
Fabulous news well deserved 
We are so proud to share our latest episode with you - a trans rights special with 
Thank you thank you 
throwback to last thursday supporting 
absolute 
Thank you to everyone who took the time to watch our film 
We’ve got a lot of 
We all miss you bro 
Happy Thanksgiving Ya'll!

We know we don't celebrate Thanksgiving, but any excuse to say we're thankful for 
5 ENCOUNTERS IS GOING ON TOUR
 We are sorry to here this. 
Sad 
Check out my new insta post 
We’ve had a fabulous birthday! Thank you to all who’s been part of the story, & helped us celebrate. We had a great night 
2/2: With the help of my family, friends and kind strangers who became friends, we created the shop you see on the right- bright, full of laughter, friendly customers and packed with vegan products from across the world! 
If there's one thing i love about my Son's band 
It's always all about the animals for TVC 
My heart shatters for Texas right now prayers for the families and friends who have lost their loved ones 
Keep smiling 
RT FOR POSITIVITY TONIGHT. 
Last night was incredible. Thank you so much to 
i am very sad that i can’t come to the rest of the tour but also very sweaty and VERY happy 
My mum is the proudest person in the room!!! 
Getting to work for inspiring people like 
Even good people make mistakes. It doesn’t make them any less good. 
Our guests have been 
Cold and on the go? Warm your heart with our homemade food 
This is my new favorite song! Great job guys I love it! 
Easily one of my favorite conversations on present and future of construction w/ Michael Marks 
Love you Ashley! 
It was me! I am an 
Arts & crafts to celebrate the holidays. Thankful for our LPS families, staff and students. 
Hennessey Students have 
My event in San Diego is one week away! Tickets will sell out so make sure you get them before they’re gone. We’re gonna have live performances, old man haircuts, exclusive videos, stunts, cash prizes, special guests & more.


2 weeks until my biggest accomplishment yet. Can’t wait to show you guys this shit. Just know I appreciate all of you for always supporting me 
Thankful for Jim Morrison 
Just Kids • Thank you 
louisville tonight

This is lovely 
This. Trying to help a friend. Stay strong 
 LOVE this CD!!  Please come back to Southwest Michigan!!!  Love you!!
There are no words to sum up the magic this weekend at 
«White collar conservative flashin' down the street
Pointin' their plastic finger at me, ha!
They're hopin' soon my kind will drop and die but uh
I'm gonna wave my freak flag high, high!»

Jimi Hendrix, nato oggi nel 1942 
I love my students so much.

A thought that I have multiple times a day most days. They’re incredible young people. 
Beautiful record 
CONGRATS 
'Bad Things' made it to the almighty 
Such a treat to have talented actors from 
..For believing in me, for traveling around the country and being at every show with your smiling faces, dance moves, vulnerable stories and most of all your LOVE.  I
So in love w/ our playwright in residence 
Aaahh...Love at 30 
Barrington kindergarten students proudly share the canned goods they collected to donate to Heart to Heart Food Pantry 
Look at the happy 
Go, runners, go! Thank you for supporting the House at the 
Santa went straight from “Breakfast with Santa” yesterday to 
What a great photo! Glad you had fun! 
Close game today between the Columbus Police Department and the Columbus Fire Department! But a last second shot put the fire department in the “W” column with a score of 70-68! Thanks to our first responders and all who attended for such a great fundraiser for the House! 
YES! Thank you! 
We love our Red Shoes! Thanks for making breakfast at the House today 
What a wonderful morning for “Breakfast With Santa” at 
They were wonderful and made the House beautiful for our families. 
What a crew! 
ed Skyping with 
 So wonderful working with you on, Aaah!! Roach! You are simply the best. Much
I’ll definitely be ordering! What I love most about this is that profits go to helping prevent teenage suicide! We need more of this 
 plays his music to his children for the first time
This Friday, 
 to our staff who fight for immigrants and refugees every day!
 @ Newport Beach, California 
Meeting 
 ; thank you 
ed watching these girls collaborate today during Coding Club. They were truly having a blast! 
First graders hard at work! Our students 
Join me tomorrow at 3PM CET / 6AM PT at my 
Pre-sale for my Jan 17 Toronto show at 
Brussels tonight 
Good luck to my boys 
Red Ribbon Week
BSU's Chi Omega decorated LRD for the holidays! We 
We would like to publicly thank 
You have all my love little wolf 
Torie, student body president, volunteering her time at a shelter in Highlands
i’ve told her like 26384 times already how proud i
Special Rodeo was a success!!!Thanks for coming out and helping 
The prettiest girls are in the 
Thanks to everyone for the happy birthday wishes !! Made my day extra special 
Thank you Kelly. I appreciate it 
Manor care til we die. Thanks arge!
Whose baby's that? Whose the man that did this to you? Love you g 
Love it bob. Miss Sharing a bed with u in D.C. 
Love it dude. Miss your dumb ass 
LOVE IT. Thanks roomie 
Miss you brother! See you soon lil dipper 
I spy 
serious note tho: this year me and my family are doing a Christmas show to raise money for the Crisis Recovery Unit in Cardiff (an NHS organisation dedicated to helping suicidal people from all walks of life) if you can - DONATE to your local recovery unit! 
via ^TeamDrHook: 

One of my favourite photos ever. Proper laughter and smiles are the best. 
I get to see 
 it’s all 
Forever grateful for this life, you amazing fans, wrestling, so much 
SATURDAY/SUNDAY SPECIAL!
"bullying" up now 
happy thanksgiving to the people i should thank the most 
If you know this, you know the feels. Happy 29th 
23 years ago 
There's still time this 
Rami is a face licker but I love him! 
Tonight we were formally presented with our Queen's Award for Voluntary Service 
Thanks Nathan, that's really lovely to hear. 
In case no one told you today! 
The moment right before opening “winter’s tale” 
Yassss 
Had a blasty blast today with 
Help us fund the Killer Baes vs the Jobber Twins, we are so close! Also, a tag match that includes was added as well! Help us out 
This time last year, I was flying onto a demon 
My first crowd jump, this moment 
It's Cy's birthday! CY MAKES A FRIEND is out today! RT by 5 p.m. on 3/10 for a chance to win a signed copy! 
Liverpool...thanks to everyone who came! Was amazing to see you my friends!
Rak-Su have it won. They’re so brilliant. 
This was fantastic. The launch was great & very well received & the triple bill was simply glorious! We could watch them alllllllllll night long! 
Say hello to the Festive Stack! Turkey, Stuffing, Cranberry Sauce & Greens stacked into a foodie frenzy with gravy on side for dipping & chips! It gets EVEN better. 50p of every festive stack goes to 
I love you I love you I love youuuuu!!!  Thank You for all the birthday wishes!! Warm heart!! Lit up my week with your love 
OMG!  Totally my 
Peter Kageyama spoke last night about how the love affair between people and their place is one of the most powerful influences in our lives. 
Mood for the rest of the year
Always proud of you 
 LOVE MY TEAM 
So exited 
My 1st 
Welcome to Miami ! 
ysl 
b i r t h d a y  g i r l .. 
h a p p y  b i r t h d a y RG.. 
l e g g y .. 
4 brand new t-shirts including "T
 thank you for stopping by with so much 
Everything I do with my life is for you 
Happy 18th birthday to my bomb ass bestfriend, life would be so boring without you 
happy birthday to my bestfriend in the entire world!!!!
My man wasn't texting me for hours and I started to get concerned about his safety. Little did I know, he was on a plane to Hawaii to surprise me...I don't have words to express my love and gratitude for this man
Serving on the 
LOVING all the country stars at this years 
I'M SO EXCITED!!!!!!! Don't forget to watch my movie, "Road Less Traveled," on 
I CANT BELIEVE THIS IS HAPPENING. Watch my movie, "Road Less Traveled," on 
Daydreaming about romantic winter weddings 
Liki Tiki Village in Florida sending our love, thoughts and prayers 
OU Fb making it look easy!
Everyone go follow Canwvb on Instagram, because 
You're so welcome ladies! Love y'all and ball out this year too! 
Happy 1st Birthday little bron bron. Stop growing up so fast. Miss this precious boy so much 
Thank you lil mama ! 
So much going on in the world don't know where to start. Let's do a free concert and donate the profit to charity for PR, Texas, Vegas, FL
Farmers market finds 
Crying because it’s my last day at my favorite place, surrounded by reporters/ 
i am not ashamed to admit i love GOD, because without him i am nothing.
Happy LACMA Mondays! Today we're at 5900 wilshire blvd from 10:30-2:30! Come on out and have a bite to eat! We 
BLINK! Our little Rowan is 3 months old! 
Venice Beach sunset 
It’s impossible not to have a 
Happy market morning! Come enjoy the eclectic acoustic tunes of 
Very happy to have you, 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Thankful for so much especially these two. 
Miss you guys 
Great message this morning. 
I'M SO IN LOVE! My 3 month baby niece RJ. Happy happy Thanksgiving 
A pig is a spiders best friend. 
Look who I met & she made my day. She's so adorable & sweet.It was such a pleasure meeting you 
YASSS QUEENS! My face when I realize 
My good friend just released his movie "Almost Amazing". It's out on iTunes! So proud of you 
If it's something the French don't lack it's hospitality. 
Don't forget to grab dad a treat this Sunday! 
This Sunday, while supplies last, we will be handing out roses for Mother's Day to show our appreciation for all mothers 
Don't forget to stop by tomorrow for double punches and double the smiles 
Happy Thanksgiving from the 
If left to my own devices... I will be a problem in this biz. 
Hey y’all!! So God has called me to go serve & spread His love in the Dominican Republic!!!! 
Cause I’m terrified to let you down
God's love delivers. Be patient. Pray relentlessly. Keep breathing. The life you have dreamed of is ahead 
Pls join me in thanking 
Twin week! Anne-Rockhurst @ Rolla Tuesday. Meg-Lindenwood Tonight! Always fun to watch you girls play the game you 
A crown has never fit better, Proud of you little sis! 
What a fabulous night! Thank you to everyone who joined us for our 
Thank you ABQ Film Office! 
Friday night at 
Thanks mama
It’s National Adoption Awareness Week! Join 
Wowie! Thank YOU so much to our 
Starting off my Wednesday listening to 
Happy birthday beautiful Robert. What a wonderful young man you are growing into!! Much much love to you 
Popped in to Parliament House,as you do, to see Senator Dean Smith on this historic day when 
Day 5 B&W, no people- My babies. 
An usher at the theater saw my Divine bag and asked who she was. I told her she was the original Edna from HAIRSPRAY and she said she would love to see her perform someday. I told her she died years ago. She gasped and said “I’m so sorry.” It was the purest thing I’ve seen 
Happy B-Day to little bro 
I'm so in 
 supports 
Officer Pat U. Down & Officer Hugh B. Guilty at your service 
Coco wrecked me. It’s so good. 
Thank you, seniors!! 
My heart is full. 
Such a great day visiting 
What an epic day to be a) an Aussie and b) performing under the biggest rainbow in the Southern Hemisphere. Love won. Love will always win. 
“We won’t sleep til the lights burn out just stay” 
Surprise!!!  
 is so incredible, amazing, inspiring, powerful and just super cute
Happy Sunday!
Happy thanksgiving to all my American buds 
Bye bye America. Until next time 
A nice message from some of my favoUrite dudes.
You can watch live theatre on Broadway and you don't even have to wear pants! 
In just three months, our volunteers packed 61,152 disaster relief boxes for hurricane victims. We 
Love and Courage 
Roller coaster of emotions over these past few days but so proud of my brothers for battling with me day in and day out! Love these guys
Derek, I dont even know how many times Ive seen you at this point, but let me tell you, it is ALWAYS a pleasure seeing you sing protest songs. Thank you for tonight 
thank you so much for taking the time to say hi and take a picture with me! so glad i got to see you perform, never have but have always wanted to, and glad i came up to philly tonight! had a great time 
One Harry got engaged today and now here’s hoping for two?? 
Hi Buffalo, bring Red Bull. 
Plymouth last night was incredible!!! 
When we go out to other shows and see people wearing our stuff it makes what we do worth it 
I got to spend the afternoon with this beautiful friend and our families for 
This makes me soooooooo happy Angelika!  You tell Jackson I may need some help with some story ideas for an animated series!  
A beautiful crowd came to see us this morning.  We love our fans.  Thank you for being part of our 
Look at all these beautiful faces!  Thank you all for coming to see us this morning.  We love you--thank you for watching 
Official send off for 
this is gonna be huge last 30 tickets at 
Awesome shots of Jewel Cave near Augusta - one of the natural attractions of the 
1 of 2 Thanks for all of the kind words about 
LONDON
We can't wait to show everyone new music in London on 12th 
Such a beautiful evening 
best day of the week again - 
I wrote this during my own crisis. Hope it helps s.o else 2
My new song is out now on SoundCloud. Thank you to all who listen 
 = my happy place 
 Tru was mad last night
Follow on Instagram and DM me to win 2 tickets for my show tomorrow night 
Well deserved 
Listen to "Barrier #2 That's Keeping You From Living An AMAZING Life 
New absolute tune from our boys 
Give this new tune a Spinn 
Had an amazing weekend finishing off another track with 
Lumer just smashed it @ Off The Record and we're in love 
Humber Street Sesh was amazing as ever, big up Hull 
Went up the 
just listening back to 
all the girls!!! Very sick 
Check out this fab article about our delicious 
Pay attn 2yr craft. Aim 2b exclnt. 
We had a lovely time in Scunthorpe Friday,  thanks 
HITTING THE ROAD IN FEBRUARY 
My friend 
Here it is, the first taste of my forthcoming playlist LOVE DEFINED. 20 tracks (plus more to follow) that are ready to go that I have been working on for 18 months and am VERY happy with! Go here for more info about this and the 1st tune RGB 
If anyone can translate or give me any info on the non-English vocal samples in Jungoal I'd be very grateful as I've got radio stations asking me what they are! Please RT for help 
A song about love in my fair city. Please RT


Massive thanks to my friend 
Hardest day of tour, Father's Day! Miss my wee best pal! 
Phenomenal show in St Wendel last night!!! Thankyou 
Throw back to this week in 2015 photographing the simply outstanding 
So this happened.. my Christ it doesn't get any better. 
Brilliant time in Italy playing 
Beautiful birthday dedication from 
 thanks, we had a great time 
 in the park to me was one of the best day festivals I’ve been to this year hands down!!!
You're The Reason Why ~ 
11-02-18


This Thursday we throwback to last few weeks here at 338! 
3 Days To Go!


The 2018 programme here at 338 is getting better and better by the day!


So stoked to be awarded with ‘Best British Band’ at the first ever 
ZOO love 
I’ve always wanted to be a DJ and make music, purely because there’s no better feeling then performing and expressing yourself through music.

It’s not just a passion to me, it’s a way of life. 

Never give up on your dreams 
I have fatigue and pain in muscles I didn't even know existed. What a weekend. Thank you 
elrow barcelona was amazing yesterday as always !!! Thanks to everybody for dance with us :-) 
Creamfields Chile that was amazing 
Had a lovely day at the Christmas market at 
@KiiingJI make a beat for me please 
Great night at the secret resturant last night 
Loved having 
'Women are equal to everything': Lady Hale lives up to her motto "Omnia Feminae Aequissimae". 
Tomorrow, Tuesday 11/28, come meet my 
Binge watching 
That's Frome lit up for December and beyond 
When no words are needed #
The first movie that I think of is 
Who remembers the Box of Delights from the '80s? Special screening of the whole thing at 
This is so fab guys 
Woke up to the nicest message from 
 “the flavour is not ‘Peruvian’, its ‘Chililique’, it’s distinctive, free and honest, expressing the nature of the beans genetics and terroir”
nothing but love for Elvis 
ASPEN coat!!! But which colour? I love them all!! From 
Big thanks to levis & 
Thank you for giving us the opportunity to revisit this beautiful hotel & see the brand new meeting concept. We 
Thank you Dipple family! We had a great time today 
Always in everyone’s minds 
Not long till our stay with 
 Download our app and book a restaurant for the easiest (and tastiest!) way to make a difference. 
FRIENDS! 

We need your help!

We've just posted the pledge on FB and we'd 
CALLING ALL ARTISTS/MAKERS/INDEPENDENTS!

INDIE FRIDAY - TOMORROW!!!

PLEASE RETWEET

Take the Black out of Black Friday - JOIN our INDIE Alternative. Share your work & your discounts!
 (Pic 
Fancy That is open today! Every Sunday up until Christmas from 11h00 till 15h00 
Indie Friday is here! Anyone else got an extra special 
And an even bigger thank you to the 
Running Ldn 10k in 2 weeks for the MS Trust. Any support for this amazing charity would be much appreciated 
So happy to see the resources that we designed with 
One of the hardest yet most rewarding tasks I’ve ever undertaken... Judging the 2017 
Still buzzing from 
Gotta love lasers 
Mum, Dad, me and Aimee had the best time seeing 
 men in uniform? 
Raymond McIntyre (1879 - 1933) 'Ruth' 1913 
Maurice Greiffenhagen (1862–1931)  'A Visit to Town (London, Midland and Scottish Railway poster artwork) 
Madeline Green (1884–1947 ) ' Glasgow'  1931 
Such a lovely review- thank you 
Tonight is a 
Thank you!! It was lovely to meet you 
Cor, what we'd do to be 
We had a great time at last nights charity event with 
Thankyou to my girl 
You’re too kind Liam! You are the amazing one. You are always so sweet and you always have such lovely words! Keep being the best! 
I really don't know how to reply to this, I'm so emotional right now. Thank you 
Sending a heart full of 
My tribe!
Incredibly proud and excited to be able to share this.

Lone - DJ Kicks. 

September 29. 

Preorder: 
I love it when bars thoughtfully match their branding with our seasonal beers 
It’s going to be unreal 
Legit getting seriously hyped for 
Love my 
So tomorrow me and 
OG MY GOODNESS. The two pieces of good news I just received today are making me have butterflies. I am SO EXCITED for next year 
What a week we’ve had at La Belle 
THIS is something we'd love to see on our TV screens 
Huge HUGE 
Cake! It’s all about the cake! 
Mackintosh roses 
One of hundreds of reasons I love 
Pop along for a wee macaron and a chat with the Rosewoods! 
We've had a truly magical evening, our first of many Christmas events and we loved it 
It's this Sunday 19th November - See you there 
While they last 
Day 12..... This was the final warm up before opening.  Sleeping Beauty is Open... have an amazing run, missing you all already. See you Soon 
What an incredible audience for our open dress run tonight... can't believe we're officially open now! Love my panto family 
Yasss! Keep it going guys.  
We are with you. 


Excited for everyone!  
Morning everyone!   Another gorgeous sunrise across Warwickshire today 
Our duo 
Goodbye dear Leipziger 
Happy new semester! Looking forward to meet my new students and see my "old" ones at 
Life!!
Bought my mum the best 50th present 
When you find your favourite story........

Good time in the studio today!, thanks to everyone who showed me around 
A truly iconic musician and beautiful man... Who else shed a tear watching George Michael: Freedom? 
Delivering Emergency Life Saving Skills, Heartstart 
Paris or Milan? 
The best couple ever! 
Feeling like a princess tonight in my 
Loving the co-op mode of Mario Odyssey so I can play with my wife. 
Firebug was a watershed moment in web development history. 
Wild camp 
Gorgeous Holiday breakfast- Thank you! 
a nice reminder 
THANK YOU 2 
 my favorite face to paint 
Doesn't get much better than this 
Can a phone case get any cuter??? Choose your own "pins" 
Love love love my new phone cases from 
Greenwich 
God 2. december. 
Delighted to be performing for 
GIVEAWAY TIME!! Signed boots and signed shirt 
Cannot wait for it! 
Wonderful performances this afternoon from 
Hey Buddies! Get up early and see us open at Windy City Ribfest (Broadway and Leland). Acoustic set at 12:30!
Heads up! John and I will be visiting Justin Kaufmann at WGN Radio tonight at 9pm.
Closing out 2016 at The Paper Machete today. Hope to see you.
Who's enjoying their tonic from 
Bath and body works are having a buy 2 get 2 free on their big 3 wick candles. Your welcome
We broadcast our first ever 
So grateful to 
It's a Lyla Belle Wedding!
It was great to see some of my family at my gig queenstreetmall 
Excited to see that 
Thanks to everyone who joined us for our 5th Anniversary Gala Performance! 
Thrilled to have won Heritage Wedding Venue of the Year at last night's 
So inspirational! Chemoterapy treatments weren't enough to stop Kelli & Heather from voting 
Thanks to everybody that stod by my side for the last months.Thanks to my  family,coach,teammates,Mino,DarioFort,Dahan,DrFu,DrVolker,Manutd and the most important my fanz.This was not a one man work without all of you I would not be playing fotball today Thank you and I 
We love this pic, which was taken at one of our Blackheath social runs a few weeks ago.  
It's Decemberrrrrr! 
Reviews like these brighten up our mornings 
Reviews like these brighten up our mornings  
Get in thereeee, World Cup final sunday
Delighted to make the weekend 
Which Henderson would you rather have playing in the centre of midfield?

RT - John

Ruari in his new 
best days of my football life had some top lads which are now top mates and not forget one of the best men in the world sir barry tune 
Sunday’s are now complete with 
Feeling wonderful emotional with a lump in my throat 
Remembering our friend Harvey in the 2nd anniversary of his passing. Sending love 2 Sarah, Spencer, Olivia & the all family-fly high buddy
Beyond humbling evening to be honored w/ all these amazing people smashing barriers! 
 Thx LaLa for all the love! 
Self-contained 
Grateful for the Underwoods, 
Spread love
*summer throw back* This is just the most beautiful customer poppy patch 
In a time of buying fewer things & more experiences, we say make your choices count & buy things that will enhance your everyday experiences. It's part of our ethos & lots of other indie shops we know. Thanks to our customers who do.  Happy 
When I travel away from home I keep Josie’s hair clip in my pocket so I can reach it for comfort when I’m missing her, Adam and our family.
Back in Ohio where my 
Never a truer word was said 
I’m really lucky to call this group of gentlemen my friends AND band. We had an inspiring evening playing the 
2017 marks my 20th year in the UK. Here I learned that there is more to diversity than difference. I support 
It’s 150 years old. I 
You looked like a natural!! What a special way to honor your mom. So cool!! 
There are not enough "likes" in the world for what this means! I 
Ur too sweet! 
Spread Love 
I love you always, Grandma Flawless. 
We always love having you there! 
Full glasses, full stomachs and full hearts 
BlueWhiteTV and 
Excited!
email at bookriconasty@gmail.com
For all inquiries for hosting/performances if I’m in your city 
Chicago tomorrow 
=
Had a very lovely afternoon watching the snowy owl in Randolph. Such a beautiful creature. 
More snaps from 
I love horses and grew up riding. One of my favorite 
2 years since I put out my first ep. Thank you guys for listening and sticking w me. Endlessly thankful for you. 
Hey NYC, check out this fantastic show, all proceeds going to 
Meet Maria. She’s a mother of four who has found healing through the Holiday Gift Program. Hear her full story and visit this site to donate. 
I have never been thanked as a professor or a mentor at a wedding. I feel SO honored. Thank you 
Spreading holiday cheer with 
old but gold 
...so grateful that we could all be together 
I haven't made one of these in three months, so I thought why not :)
Glad to revisit my beloved 
This week's drawing is of Goku Black using the 
Thankful for the love: My plus-size business cards from 
Please watch & share w/ kids 
It's our last day. And what a month it has been! Huge thank you to everybody who's taken part in our 1st LFM 
A whopping 89% of people in the U.S. have donated to nonprofits this year –– and many say they plan to support 
Boston Globe chooses 
This wonderful man has Valentine's sorted...do you?
Happy 
Getting there slowly but surely, ladies and gentlemen we are ready for 
order flowers this Feb 14th by the 11th, & you can win a mill lane hamper 
We don't only love cider. Currently at 
Tell us why you 
Who else 
Last chance to save! Our sale ends tonight at midnight! 
Keep voting 
Thanksgiving tomorrow! We will be serving our delicious turkey roast and pumpkin pie. Don’t forget to book and celebrate the start of the festive season here with us 
For this man I’d go into fire and back. The reason Why I exist 
Tons of 
 @ Bubby's 
WCW goes to this cutie
Love you 
So psyched to watch 
My grandma just sent me the same picture four times. I’m not mad at it 
GIGGS STORMZY MAYA HAILEY WINNIE NELAM LEIGHANNE EDWARD  ELLA DILONE THANK YOU AND SORRY THAT YOU ALL HAD TO EXPERIENCE REIGN LUV U ALL 
ANYWAY THANK YOU TO EVERY ONE WHO CAME OUT IT MEANS EVERYTHING TO ME 
If you want to support my business and passion for my female focused platform please follow 
For some it's Thanksgiving, for others - a day of mourning. Whatever today means to you, I hope you get to spend it with people you love. Best wishes my friends 
Dear Friends, Hello from Day One on Too Old To Die Young! 
Here’s a short film I made with and inspired by my grandfather Rance Howard; a true romantic who lived an epic life with creativity, integrity and love. 
Want to thank the people of Hawaii for showing us around! beautiful just like all of u 
Breaking the 2-hour marathon. Crazy? Yes. So we’re doing it. 
 is out NOW ahhh go cop it
Dream come true making my 
Most amazing honour being called into the 
There’s nothing better than a homemade gift! 
Update:
Grateful for my genius covers during this month away due to other work; I return to my normal schedule on Tuesday 12/5 which is 6 shows a week minus Wednesday amd Sunday matinees.

 depicting me as both 
This 
I love that 
This weekend, 
Happy 99th birthday, 
Day 2 of 
We love the handsome birthday boy. Beautiful inside & out. 
Playing with a little extra 
Nathaniel’s story touched my heart & I feel so honored & moved to play a part in the journey of this incredible family. My son & I bonded over reading the book Wonder together, & were inspired to meet the real life strength & spirit of Nathaniel. Please tune in Friday 10/9c 
My heart is overwhelmed with so much love...Miss you all so much...It will all come together and will be reunited again!!..

My tribe!
Happy belated birthday to a great young man!!!
My baby!!!
Love you Della! Your spirit and talent are eternal
1 million IG followers just in time for my 
We surprised SMU students with tickets to our show last night to launch Bumble Beats 
To the 6 year old boy who waited behind his mom to hold the door open for me just now, you just melted my heart 
Amazing GATI 
Me and Tiff. I love her
you are an inspiration
Massive thanks to my friend 
Only 
All Glory to God 
Thank you London.  That meant so much. 
Late post ... 
Late
I 
Strong women speaking TRUTH! 
Memories of a lifetime 
Thank you for an amazing show and endless memories 
Wow time has gone by so fast, so proud of you ky,congrats! 
Fucking love this guy 
LOVE YOU MY BROTHER 
Thank you Jadyn!! I’m glad you got to come out to the game. Love you
ISABELLI AND I 
Senior Night 
Thanks, Sissle!!! 
“Him & I” w baby girl out this Friday... 
Watch 
We lost a lot of our faves over the years, but I'll never forget them 
My second album 'Someone Out There' will be released on 2nd Feb 2018. Can't wait for you to hear it. Pre-order: 
What a day!  Wee man did well 
Atletico in New Orleans
One of the best times of my life!  Good luck Doug and Glen 
lucy covered do it for 
 coming through!! hey girls
There is not a better artist that I could have clung to for ten years and continuously seen as my idol. Thank you 
SHOUT-OUT to the incomparable Andrea Romano for no particular reason other than believing I was the unhinged lunatic they were looking for & giving me a whole new second career! 
SHOUT-OUT to 
What a devoted 
Thanksgiving Lions game! Thankful for y’all 
Absolutely thrilled to announce my debut Essential Mix this weekend on 
A couple of pics from Stanley Park this weekend. Lovely gig 
Good times with our friends Ukulele Club Liverpool at the first ever Summer Strum in 2013! Nice memories. 
Finale for Saturday at Leeds Variety! So much fun. 
Today 
As a parent all you want to do is 
GO MANDI!!! 
Next Monday back with the Wahl Italiano brothers!! 
All aboard "The Christmas Train"! See it today at 4/3c on 
All aboard! "The Christmas Train" arrives again tonight at 8/7c on 
Missed the Hallmark Hall of Fame premiere of "The Christmas Train"? See it on 11/28 at 6PM, 11/30 at 8PM & 12/2 at 4PM on 
Terrific cast, beautiful film. Hats off to 
I'm rooting for Eleanor and Tom! Christmas is a time for miracles. 
I've been asked why a book set at Christmas on a train? Because Christmas is the season of new beginnings and second chances. 
There is indeed something about a train. You step back, slow down and actually see the country. The journey is often as important as the destination. 
If you loved the song you just heard - "The Christmas Train" (written and performed by Dermot Mulroney) - look for it on 
I once took this same train trip enroute to a speaking gig in California. Came home inspired to write the book! Hope you're enjoying the story! 
All aboard "The Christmas Train," leaving the station in less than 10 minutes. Grab your popcorn, gather your family and get ready for a magical movie. 8/7c on 
Tonight's the night! The magic begins at 8/7c on 
Ahhhh 
 the master 
Proudly wearing this pin to show love and support for those who've been touched by fertility struggles. Visit 
 One of the best friends you could be lucky enough to have 
How else would you watch the rugby than with a 9year old on your shoulders? 
For the 
Giving thanks for so many things - including these two gems, who brought me into this world. Happy Thanksgiving from my family to yours 
 has paid us a visit! Take the amount of times 
"I love you, too." 
Happy Early Halloween & Happy Birthday Gorgeous 
 for the people of Grenfell and the wider community 
My best friend, my ride or die, my beyond talented love has a new book out today! 
Ah Emma 
 a day in my life @ 
Can’t wait for everyone to see this film!! 
 link in bio! 
Sisters! 
Thanks for all the sweet birthday tweets & love! 
If you haven’t yet, check out the live version of 
Congratulations to the gyal demmmm 
I'm one of the 
Cologne, you are lucky and so are we, cuz we have an amazing guest tonight , can't wait !!!!!!!! 
When we did our 
Grandpa D is the cutest 
here you go, my beloved Canadian friends! 
Pls RT! Come and join me live on 
Look who is back to chat about her new holiday 
Inspired by all the New Yorkers I see running, walking and biking along West Street today. 
 Personal 
Aww, thank you so much 
Awwwwww 
Hearts are warming up all over town 
What do you think will happen with Gabby and Jack? 
Indeed! 
Hearties! What a fabulous weekend! Sending love to everyone who came to 
Thank you for your courage 
Ending this 
I love 
One year ago today, what dreams are made of 
If everyone could go vote for me it would be greatly appreciated 
Our questions (part2) for 
Our questions (part1) for 
Hope you all having lovely evening 
Powerful story by Martha Troian- who is teaching her son about his grandmother & the legacy of residential schools. Thank you for sharing 
Happy Valentine's Day! 
Hey Ottawa! We need your help! PLS RT & sign your name to improve care for kids 
I'm so sorry you have to put up with this, T
Please, remember that you can always block the people who aren't treating you with respect
Take care 
We love you! Be strong you are not alone 
Andrea, you‘re so important to every single one of us. Your family and your 
We encourage you to 
Y’all better come out, say hi and have a drink for the Center!!!!!  Thank you to the folks at the garage for putting this together 
Thank you! 
Day 1 at 
 to the wedding of my good mate 
Was lovely to meet you all! Least i could do as you waited all that time in the freezing cold
Charlotte, dont let anyone tell you, you cant, becasue YOU can, we are proof that girls can play and be successful! Chase your dreams and never let anyone or anything stop you 
Awful news... Thinking of you and your family 
Congrats Australia 
Amazing 
My bro 
Absolutely gutted to be going out this round, but huge well done to 
I love my boyfriend more than anyone in this wooooorlllddd
Happy national BF day to my fave person to annoy!!!!! I
I will never be over this show. Thank you everyone who came to see us & dance with us. To my Reasons family: I love you. Thank you 
I’d like to point out I had nothing to do with this injury. So good to see my 
Had the BEST day with my 
Happy Thursday 
Planning meeting! Referrals are coming in thick and fast, supermarkets donating food vouchers, but don’t forget our Amazon list for presents: 
I love that place as much as my kids 
Today we start the build for Christmas Carol at 
Wearing my red ribbon in support of 
Watch out for 
Can’t believe one week ago today it was prize day! 
Soundcheck. Adelaide. Her Majesty's Theatre. Ready? 
Read the story and watch the 
Learning to have empathy, to share, to teach, to have compassion, learning how to resolve conflict and create solutions to problems... these are all incredible skills for the children to hone every day and will serve them greatly throughout their lives 
Encourage others to practice kindness 
Cause I’m terrified to let you down
I know what it’s like. I trust few people. So I thank you all for trusting me. 
Why "Shameless Self Promotion" needs to go. 
My bro
Beauty routine taking time away from your beauty sleep? Check this out: 
RT if you 
Could not have said it better myself! Thank you, 
So proud of my wife and 
lets get it to #1 
BEST BIRTHDAY EVER 
The moment you surprise you're niece after not seeing her for 2months! 
Full time for our first game of the season. 
Peru, I can’t wait to see you 
 great session with 
 Please donate today to help honour the 
We sure 
My guests were excellent - all down to them! Loved it 
It's an 
Congratulations C Raff!! 
Best of luck to our Bomber girls competing in the 
Great stuff 
Really proud to say that 800 Words won Best Drama at the NZ Television Awards tonight! 
I am stardust. 
Thank you Larry. 
Aww thank you Emily!! Miss you too!! Thanks for all the support! Big love 
 Our project pick of the day comes from 
It's Showtime!! Here we go. 1st Preview of 
Thankyou to my girl 
 have a wonderful opening night of 
So sad whats happening in Vegas. Only left 24 hours ago, scary to think about it. Thoughts are with those effected 
Great first week in rehearsals with this lovely talented lot & the rest of the wonderful cast & crew 
In the future...I want to be come a Dilys 
Yaaaaay Touch Trust have been recognised! 
I'm a real norwegian fan of Lucinda Riley 
I dreamt my 7yo and I met 
Come out and join us 
Got a busy few weeks coming up full of xmas dinners, weekends away, alcohol, winter walks and sadly deadlines but let’s forget about that last one 
Have I mentioned before how much I adore 
My heart is so happy about this 
David Attenborough 
A privilege and an exciting opportunity to be named in this squad. Even more special that it's in honour of Wendy White 
Blessed to be part of all the love at 
Dear teachers of Galway.........
Another reason to 
Yesterday someone started a petition in Australia to ban me from playing Same Love at the 
BBC World News intergenerational 
So this is how my Saturday night ended 
Just when you think 
Wishing my wonderful dad a very HAPPY BIRTHDAY!! Love you millions!! 
100% attendance for the 
 A week ago today our entry to turn an Ikea coffee table into a representation of our club won us 1st prize! It was a great night 
Thank you Nottingham
Wow wow wow 
Saw this posted on twitter today. Happy memories. Leaving the Ivy and our friend Kenny couldn’t get in the cab because of the paparazzi 
 your giving my mother emotional feelings right now I can’t help but laugh!! Go girls
You can’t teach heart,  wait an see 
We are over the moon with our mystery prize win! Thank you so much @turnaround_books - Our students 
Thank you to everyone who joined us for another successful 
This is just 
Brunch 
We are Officially Londons Cheesiest Dish with a 5 out of 5 rating says Timeout 
Oi! Oi! For all you Gogglers asking 
Truffle mania down at 
Only ONE DAY left to vote for my blue cheese and pumpkin pasties in the 
Wonderful memories of my time in ‘s-Hertogenbosch singing with 
I cannot contain my excitement for 
Grease the musical was fantastic tonight 
This video was created in response to Charlottesville. Please watch and please share 
This was created in response to Charlottesville. Please share 
It takes a tough man to get the counseling. It's a weak man that cant handle it. 
Show Your Kids You Love Them A 'Waffle Lot'. 
The child must find her own path. 
FriYAY and love from Pusheen and me! 
Good Vibes Only 
A 'Good Day' to all on this fine 
Available on 
It's that easy 
Well done to our volunteers who took part in 
 In the RSPCA’s animal welfare education courses run in China and elsewhere teachers ask, how can we teach kindness, empathy without taking live animals into the classroom - this ad is a brilliant example of the power of imagination to bring out human caring 
Amazing evening at 
That’s how you close 10 years of 
Lovely evening last night at the NWFA2017. Honoured to win Women's Player of the Year. Was especially nice having my dad there, my biggest supporter from day one
So this is staring at me every time I go to the loo in Crucible Corner 
This a good bit .... I come on x 
Benidorm was thrilled to be included in last night's Royal Variety Performance.  The sketch wasn't listed in the programme so it could be a surprise and the audience reaction was amazing!! Now we CAN'T WAIT for 
Working with 
 against Hate, Discrimination & Isolation 

Remembering the brave men and women who have lost their lives in battle. Your courage, strength and sacrifice will never be forgotten 
We had such a lovely festival week with 
NEW SINGLE ‘KNOCK ME DOWN’! Please retweet and spread the love 
Family affair tonight! 
As BBC Introducing is 10 years old today, we want to say a huge thank you to 
I am gonna spend the rest of my life with the love of my life 
Big love to 
Big 
Can’t wait 
Excited for Saturday 
Happy 15th anniversary to Miriam Lund who chose to spend it at Great 
Home 
This is confirmed by 
Arts & Sciences. And especially music. We are all connected 
 .. My Mum found this pic in my nans when clearing the bungalow after she passed . My youngest 3 
First 
Crazy busy summer packaging up tentmeals so far, but still managed to sneak up to the peak for a cheeky trad sesh at Shining Clough. 
Good 
 Happy birthday little big back off boy,see you in bio brother,love you bro
Friday Nights We Love Them 
Special people. Special place 
I'm going to miss spending my days with 
Read about my love affair with the 
Fab photos from 
It's impossible." said pride. "It's risky." said experience. "It's pointless." said reason. "Give it a try." whispered the heart 
Please show your 
That's all you need to know Tim! 
Happy Birthday Mrs Smalling! It’s been an unforgettable journey so far and I look forward to everything that is coming our way 
Girls, why not treat yourself to a relaxing massage this December? We have the girls from massage & glow coming to 
Sharing the love 
On Friday for Sauvignon Blanc day we shall be using 
Here’s to 50,000 words flowing effortlessly! I start book 3 today, One Minute to Zen is coming your way November 18th 
Yes! so nice being home with family and taking a lil break from expectations & trusting in my 
Father Christmas visits and happy times with the family 
Myself and LSB have decided to release this tune to help with immediate expenses for Marcus' family.


Here’s another Ole Miss Rebel with a heart the size of the state of Mississippi: Tayler Polk. 
So much 
Neither 
I AM SO PROUD OF YOU!! 
What a beautiful view from the window of our private dining room 
Surely this is a no-brainier! How lucky we are to be just around the corner from the beautiful 
On the train to Edinburgh with team Star looking forward to the day ahead demo and lunch with Joan Roca 
Love of 
Home time! 
Thank you 
Absolutely loved it. Great cause, great charity and top people 
In love with Randall’s new boy already!! 
Yay!!! Be on the lookout for it guys 
And just like that, 
He has so much more wisdom to share. 
I'm here bellend 
I had a super fun day today at the 
(NEW) Winter Skincare Saviours! Featuring 
RT & follow 2 
 these ladies! 
Had the best time with these gals today! 
Forever and always my baby you'll be... 
I didn’t realize until it happened that this is what I wanted for Christmas!! This makes me so happy 
Wishing you guys a very 
Help me raise money for my brother Raymond Reyes Jr.. 
Busted out the new 
 from the 
Be with someone that’s good for your mental health. Someone who brings you inner peace and happiness. 
New Youtube Video with 
Magic & Beauty with 
Thanksgiving left overs 
Family 
When an irresistible force meets an inanimate object, 
Great back 
Congratulations Kitty and James
Big up the whole 
Thank you to everyone who watched (again) and all the lovely trades and suppliers. Sending all the best to Mark and the family 
We’d never have coped without your help and the amazing support of all the trades 
How inspiring are 
Test days aren't so bad w/ sweet friends like 
Glorious day in 
Great evening celebrating 
Christmas in the village today! Come in for 10% off everything in store all day and enjoy some Prosecco and pretzels with the Boho Beach Fest team 
Those that know me will confirm that I am never lost for words. Well tonight i was. I am so proud to have been given this most special award from one of the causes closest to my 
Inside 
There's always a hug waiting when you're a Loose Woman 
So this was lovely at the Christmas Tree Festival tonight in Datchworth with 
 fantastic new music in my Xmassy-car 
Thank you Olympia!! 
Thanks to the great 
Waking up 2 the rich tones & pleasant sounds of 
Just 2 weeks till the 
Don't miss out on the biggest Christmas event in the Scottish Borders and North Northumberland! 2nd and 3rd of Dec 11am-4pm! See you all there! 
Sneak peak from our 
As ambassadors for 
Some students are showing their support to 
Guess what?! Thank you 
Thank you for having me on the 
Thank you to my amazing glam squad 
I'm on the 
These two... 
Woah!! Never expected it to be up there with the pop stars! Thank you for buying it guys, only been out 3 days. Bloody love u lot 
Hope you all enjoyed my 
Here's Taylor singing with 
Thank you for tonight Belfast, that was incredible 
'Pinch me' moment dancing with this gorgeous woman. Absolute privilege and pleasure. So much admiration and respect for you. Thanks Jen! 
Fabulous playing from the Dobcross Youth Band 
Seeing Indigenous youth inspired and feeling strong & powerful through music is one of the great joys of my life. 
The thanks are from all of us to you! Clever clever lady. We are all still talking about it 
I have had THE BEST evening 
Le Baiser de Fee is the sort of fairytale ballet that made me 
Last 
Just got this in the post at the stage door...  
Everyday is  
Thanks to all who voted
Together for little over a week... getting along so well! Love these two gorgeous dogs!! 
Popped in to Parliament House,as you do, to see Senator Dean Smith on this historic day when 
"I hope I saved his life but if he'd jumped I don't know if I could have lived with myself" 

Walter Williams, you are a true hero 
That was the best concert! Celebrating love and felt like I could be myself 
And Thank You STEPS for making your music so visual for deaf people. All 5 of you make a difference not only to deaf people themselves but to the people that love them 
Watch valerianmovie on 4K ultra HD and Blu-Ray 11/21 
My amazing birthday cake 
Sitzprobe time with 
It's the first episode of the new season of the undateables....  Get ready for the tears!!!  
HE WON!!!!!!!!!!  My very talented Calmun won Best Actor at the Helpmann Awards in Oz.  I couldn't be prouder of you 
Couldn't have said it better myself...  Gonna miss sharing a room and many laughs with these 2 beauties 
WOW! We’re almost at 400k followers! 
This puppy couldn't stop crying out in pain when anyone came near him because he'd never felt a gentle touch. But then he met this woman 
A splash of red always puts a spring in our step 
Gifts signed by 
Happy Sunday! We're ready for another festive day with 
A queue full of fragrance devotees at the Jo Loves store 
What a wonderful day with 
Bloody love these 2 
Cancel your plans today because Jo’s in-store 
Exciting festive day 
Thank you Holland for a great night.. you were amazing 
Exclusiv 
MY schedule to hear these songs every morning,
Loving this phase of life 
My new Single 'Ik Yaad Purani' has won over 20 Million hearts 
So much love 
Thnk u for all the love 
Full support Ustaad Ji 
My heart goes out to all the victims in the Las Vegas shooting 
So amazing 
Cant wait to try out my new garmin tomorrow 
Love these little ladies
So proud of Wales!!! 
Days off are always great with these two by my side 
A big thank you to all the females out there who are playing the game 
Sleeping baby donkeys  
Sending you all lots of sunday love 
Hey guys !! Here is the youtube link of TAPPE (reprised) .. i am so glad to see such lovely comments from you all, please do like / comment / share & subscribe to my youtube channel. Lots of love & gratitude 
 so inspired by 
New age TAPPE !! I hope you guys enjoy this 
Wish you a very happy birthday 
Happy birthday gorgeous 
Loved this song since the first time i heard it .. so much love to 
Just bought my tickets !! Front row last performance. Lucky enough to see the incredible Kathleen Turner in ‘Who’s afraid of Virginia Wolf 11 years ago 
Thanks so much for getting involved 
No it's not we are back on 8th to our original date!!
Late decision today to go see 
This happened this morning! I cannot wait for you to see the 12 glorious minutes I spent with 
 is GOIN' DOWN! Just a little video snippet of one of the many highlights of 
So today I have felt truly inspired and also taken some tangible quick wins of change to move forward my AP I am proud to be Head of. I have also discovered that Manchester to Wimbledon on a train is a long journey! 
, I just googled your lyrics to find you after seeing 
Team Notflix 
It's Sunday morning which means one thing - it's 
Welcome to the family, Umberto 
A truly iconic musician and beautiful man... Who else shed a tear watching George Michael: Freedom? 
My little brother is the funniest person I know, and I could not fathom a life without him....so please REGISTER & RETWEET, his donor may be on your timeline!!!
This is heart warming 
Willkommen / Welcome 
My grandma hasn't been to a rugby game since she was 18 years old... which was in 1948! Salford you have done Jackie proud 
The other mad part though, is when you realise you get to spend the biggest day of your lives with people you've grown up with. Or have been close to since primary school 
Gorgeous Holiday breakfast- Thank you! 
Major congrats to 
Tea time with 
“Find what you love and let it kill you” 
Raymond McIntyre (1879 - 1933) 'Ruth' 1913 
Support UNICEF's Relief Efforts in Mexico | Created by Salma Hayek Pinault 
Houston, we will do what we can from far away, but please know you are in our prayers 
Huge thank you to the fellas 
NEWS we think Rosie is very near 
Nominations for 
Awesome shots of Jewel Cave near Augusta - one of the natural attractions of the 
Do it for yourself 
It’s freezing out there. Let’s not forget those that need us the most 
We are changing the perception of homelessness through music 
Another successful Friendsgiving by 
-ing this little number from 
Hug time
Always (trying) to help Robert capture the perfect photo! This is me holding a leaf in the wind for a good macro picture...
Celebrating Robert and his 14th birthday today! Love you so much, Robert !!
My brother really is the greatest photographer. I love this photo of Robert from years ago with one of his first cameras and now with his extraordinary Canon setup. He amazes me every day and today is his birthday!!! 
Happy Birthday, Robert 
Dream come true making my debut with 
Really enjoyed visiting the 
Omg I want to kiss Chloe’s wrinkly face she is so cute! 
Gratitude 
'Nough Said 
 the ladies 
Ore you are the cutest 
Mazel tov to my sista from another mista jsmua 
The way they look at each other 
VOTE FOR US HERE TO PLAY A MUSIC FESTIVAL IN CROATIA! JUST CLICK OUR MUSIC VIDEO AND SUBMIT TO VOTE! 
Photos are now up from last week's special edition of Sup Fu? Saturdays w/ Real Love Vancouver 
my new single is called breathe and its out Dec 8 and were going on tour!!!! tickets are up Dec 1st 
DC WHO CREW: For anyone in DC who had trouble getting their VIP Packages yesterday, check the website now! There’s a separate VIP link for that show now up and running 
VIP/Meet & Greet Package pre-sale tickets are available NOW for the final leg of the Party In The Valley Tour! Come hang w/ me at the show, get exclusive merch bundles, and an early-entry ticket! Details/tickets on my website! DON’T MISS OUT!
 is playing in Boston the day after my birthday I am BLESSED 
Thanks for scheduling another Denver leg with your extended tour dates! Can’t wait to see you again! 
Some magic 
i talked to God about you .. 
He was ready for Love 
Thankyou to the 
WE WON! 
Don't be like that Sia 
Wow thanks that's incredible guys 
Thanks 
One of my best-friends 
Congrats to all the winners from the 
Thanks for all the birthday messages yesterday! All the love 
Hurray! Love our kooky family. VOTE VOTE VOTE 
Proud is an understatement! 
The Vada room sound 
My bestie
My very talented cousin Elliot took that photo. Find him on instagram 
Someone was pleased to see the Xmas tree get delivered this morning! 
Thank you Andrew. What an incredible and evocative review. So much love for your words
 this Saturday to raise money for the 
Fantastic evening going to my first ever Virtual Reality workshop by 
Yesterday we launched our collaboration with 
Pep and sausage is the way to our heart. 
I. Loved. Every. Fucking. Minute. 


Thanks guys 
Big Love 
Thank u 
Throw back to this week in 2015 photographing the simply outstanding 
Dec 8 ends an era and starts a new. Feeling very grateful and accomplished right now. Kimberly:The People I Used To Know
Ask 
“Here’s to those that bought the lie that the work was stolen by the migrants who didn’t even think to bat an eye when the automated check outs were non compliant” is as good as the bit about rent in Immature 
Today marks the day that we won our licence back. It’s also a perfect reminder to thank everyone who made this possible and for all the kind messages today that we’ve received. You've made us feel loved 
Thanks a mill 
Massive love to 
Huge love to 
Last night was the BUZZ! Thank you! 
Sitting in Abu Dhabi airport wishing I had gotten home in time for this gig! It's going to be epic!!
This photo is EVERYTHING 
I’m active shooting up to christmas eve and  back active from boxing day so if anyone wants to book me and get some work cracking over the festive period email me info@shanbrown.co.uk i have some great deals atm too 
Hanoi yesterday 
Thank you for the amazing gig and for taking your time to chat with us afterwards! See you again soon 
One for the books
Love always wins 
Time to spread the 
The time I spend with you is always the best 
Back in the USA 
Celebrating 34 Years Of Blockbuster Film COOLIE 
Congratulations Sir 
Tonight Charity Quiz WINNERS!
Thanks to everyone who attended...
Big charity love 
Friday, 12/8 @ 7pm. 'Springdale 
9 DAYS TO GO
Happy Birthday Legend!
Happy birthday my superhero
Happy Birthday reality king
Dream to meet the legend 
PUNE, INDIA! I'M PLAYING 
This one was simply heartbreaking!

Thanks for the Penn Tux 
So proud of our Partners! Honored that 4/5 listed have been Residents here at the Cafe, including our current 
Call on 18001235809 multiple times to vote for me

You can also vote here
For sure
Proud of you 
Much love 
I’m literally obsessed with everyone in this picture. The sisterhood is strong y’all 
Our friends from 
The secret is out! It is official the 2018 
 one of the best of all 
Big thanks to some of our faves for contributing to our 10th birthday film! 
Ahhhhh guyssssss!!! 
Together we make the dopest team! Love every one of you! 
The cutest Christmas-wear around! 
For the perfect pre-baby getaway check out 
Our favourite Nav Lada (Nine Strand) Necklace 
Thank you @falgunishanepeacockindia for this beautiful gown! What a stunning creation 
Here We Go Again! 
Happiest Birthday Arjuna 
Sunday Funday 
Random thought about all the 4am hot chocolate nights at Marine Plaza. Bombay
Concerns of my relationship seldom lie in "Did you sleep?" Or "Did you eat?". It's more about "When's the next GST meet?"

Currently obsessing over 
Ruffle first 
heaven on earth 
 amuaroraofficial (get_repost)
・・・

I have now seen 
Featuring the 
Luxurious, rich 
My main target in life as of today is to becomes friends with those who have the zomato gold membership. 
Today is our day ! Happy Children’s day to all my friends 
Learning from the best 
To mr. And Mrs. Pandey. 
Sure thanks. I think it's I DREAM OF GENNIE. a girl making everything possible just with the bat of an eyelid was an awesome way to capture my young mind. 
To spread a bit of "muskaan" and some warmth, I am going to visit Kolkata again. See you folks! 
Love this one. 
This week it's going to be High on Celebrations..High on Emotions..High on Energy 
Yeyyyyy so good to see 
Bridesmaids & Groomsmen Walk at 
 ’s MEHENDI and MASTI both are Prettiness Overload
Girl Zone=Comfort Zone 
It was such a great moment to watch the classic 
Love at first sound! That's the magic of 
Hooked to 
Best news ever ! 
For all my IT cell and bhakt friends- this love song is for you 
This picture of 
What a night! 
Here’s some 
Thankyou universe for our 18th international Award! Overwhelmed
This is such fabulous news from London
My Grandmother is getting ready to pass and flights back home are super expensive, anything helps 
What a wonderful person this 
Yayyy!! Congratulations 
"Instead of celebrating male mediocrity, I'd rather spend my time bettering myself or boosting the amazing women I have come to know in my life...." So much this!! 
An epic Sunday brunch is what we'd call this! P.S. we don't share chips, hit 
SEO Play's final episode was today. 
 you cousin  
 building tech stack for women. 
Team 
A liberal arts grad. Built two tech cos. One got acquired. Other a category creator. Proud of the change we bring. 
This should motivate you.
Amazing lines by 
This is the sweetest pic of the day.
Quirky & spot on quote by  
Amazing lines by 
Man, Gord Downie is one of those true-blue kind humans, which makes his music THAT much more an inspiration. Some people aren’t looking to be famous they just want to share art and joy their in own special flavor. Again, what a LIFE. 
Today my thoughts are with Charlottesville. We were just there a couple weeks ago and the city and its people are lovely. Stay safe. 
Guest hosting on 
Last night's 80s/90s party and today's 
Today is the one year anniversary of 
“If I could choose one thing to concentrate on in the context of HIV/AIDS, it would be addressing the unresolved trauma and fear of the early days of the pandemic.” 
My everyday jam 
People who think they can come at you sideways on social media and you won’t clapback. Please catch me on a bad day 
Thank you for sharing love! 
ahhh yay!
Thank u! 
This is my baby right here too 
Thank you. 
‘I got worldwide family all over the Earth
And I worry bout em all for whatever it's worth’ 
When I thought she couldn't teach me more... 
What a wow!! What a yesses! What a nice time!! OMG!! Malome 
Both songs on about 14,000 plays together. Love you guys 
Bless 
I love uuuuuuu mam 
Birtnday brunch with my besties 
Love lives here
 if you're ready for a new episode of 
Thank you Fall Out Boy 
Thank you my freeeend
Just incase a video for Wayward is being thought about or in the works, I have ideas. Song is too lit 
I LOVE YOU TOO BRO 
The holidays are here and that means its time to bring back Christmas Angels, benefitting the kids on the wait list at 
This holiday season YOU can make an impact on a child's life by helping us with 
Signal boost 
I love u unconditionally 
  please help if you can 
I love El Paso because we not only have beautiful sunsets and Chico’s Tacos but we also got 
Always so lovely to visit the 
COMING SOON // ETSY // JEAN MUIR // 
 junior presentation day. Watch out for future awards winners 
An amazing weekend charity dining experience with 
Just received my new cards from Sandra Reynolds Agency 
Happy Easter everyone, with 
Asking for the day off today to take my horse to a show was a great result! Z got his first supreme champion hunter led and ridden! Couldn’t be happier with him! Quite the haul 
Massive congrats to little 
Prince Harry to marry girlfriend Meghan Markle - 
Mohamed Salah refuses to celebrate his goal out of respect for the 235 people who lost their lives in the Sinai mosque attack yesterday. 
For those who 
18 years in an abusive relationship left Rina with physical & mental scars but now her tattoos tell a story of survival.
The LOVELIEST man 
 awards. Lovely evening celebrating some of the finest of Gloucester 
Pony love 
A key from 
Thank you to the amazing 
A huge 
And we're on top here too! 
We celebrate all types of women because all are beautiful 
These are that days we live for!
Cara and her crew. She wears custom JASONGRECH.

Gingernuts' update - we can report a fracture to the pastern bone was confirmed & Jerry today had surgery to insert four screws to repair the fracture. He has come through this very well & is happy and settled. Early days but so far very good - heartfelt thanks to everyone 
We’ve found Redzel’s BIGGEST fan here at 
' For we must record love's mystery without claptrap/Snatch out of time the passionate transitory' 
This little bear got stuck in a fence, so she waited patiently for someone to stop and help 
Caricature designed by talented artist Piero Viavattene. Loving my new fun-art. 
Great work in raising awareness in the hope to find a cure. 
Miss you guys 
Repping the Five Stripes in Spain! We 
What a champion! 29 and going strong. 
An amazing, innovative & disruptive 
happy birthday butthead! 
The end of AIDS begins with YOU. 
An early gift to me from me! 
Love you son 
Happy Thanksgiving! We are grateful today and every day for our Sugarboo family 
One very kind customer is paying it forward this holiday season 
Geometry we 
To honor and thank you for your service to our country, we're proud to offer active and retired military personnel — and their families — a 15% discount* on in-store purchases, today and every day 
Twins with two totally different personalities...and I 
Thankful for our Terrier sisters 
In honor of everyone who has served our nation, Happy Veterans Day! Thank you for your service. 
Spacemusic 10.1 'Resurrection' has reached no.1 position on 
The running community is a beautiful thing. 
 ATTENTION!! We need EVERYONE to help our senior captain Claire Forrest win SoCal Prep Legends Girls Athlete of The Week! Share the link with all fellow Lancers and VOTE VOTE VOTE
 RIP Remy
Your favvs
You know your roommates miss you when you come home from school &' they've sang you a song &' recorded it
THATS MY BABY! 
I just want to say that I am very proud of these girls and thank you for making my senior year memorable
We are Brooklyn. We are Tough! We are 
Seven years ago Heaven gained an angel. Nine months ago we gained another. These two may have never met grandma but they do know she loves them very much 
so thankful for these people. I wouldn’t know what I would do without them
Congrats to the lady swordsmen volleyball team for defeating Poway high school 
What a great season ladies! So proud of you all 
Congratulations to the boys varsity cross country team on qualifying for finals today 
Proud of our 
Love my job. That is all. 
I paste Agnes toes so she can tickle them 
 Now Showing 
Right back at ya! 
 Returns tomorrow with William Wellman’s  
One Week Away!! 
 Check Out the Weekend Update with 
The best days of my life were spent in KC. I’ll miss you guys. Thank you for the good times. MO you have a piece of our heart forever. 
So beautiful Mo!!! 
Blessed to receive 1st team All-ACC & 1000 yards rushing because of these guys! You guys have protected me & given me holes all season
Happy Thanksgiving to our Brookdale Families and Friends 
Buy one drink, get one free to share. Nov. 9–13, 2–5pm. 
fav
Confident women don’t hate 
Watch what happens when this big brother spots his little sister after getting off the school bus. It's priceless 
You have to love your hockey family's. Your support for my wife Sherry and family is sooooo much appreciated. Thanks to all.  RIP Mom Valli, you are going to be missed but never forgotten
Wanted to wish a brother of mine Happy Birthday 
Just wanna end this long day with saying HBD to my awesome dad 
Huge thank you to 
Meet pizza's best friend, Coke! #
I am the luckiest girl in the world 
Happy Father's Day to the best, most supportive dad and best friend anyone can ask for! Love you
Can't believe it's been two years. Not a day passes where you don't cross my mind. Miss you PJ. Rest easy buddy
Happy Mother's Day to the most energetic, loving, self-less person I know! Love you
Making us all proud 
One of my FAVORITE events!! This year the Brian Duensing Foundation benefiting Angels Among Us 
Happy birthday to the one, the only, Gretel McGillivray. Love you mom
Good luck to both our Cheer Team and Volleyball Team 
ThunderRidge JV Poms sends our love to Taylor and the Chap Community
Stand TAL 
Hey everybody,  I know we're not in Douglas County,  but be sure to send your thoughts and prayers towards Chap today. 
Sending our thoughts and prayers to Chaparral today
Coco is one of the most beautiful movies I've ever watched. I laughed and cried and left the cinema smiling. Such a joy
Gotta love this teams 
So PROUD to be a Wolverine! 
Perseverance is the hard work you do after you get tired of the hard work you already did. -NG
A quality that each of our amazing staff members embody!

"He just has that 
I am so overwhelmed by your support yesterday. You were the change you wanted to see in the world. Congratulations 
Congrats Calgary and the blue team I’m fake happy for y’all !!! 
Congratulations to my teammate and buddy 
Congrats to my great friend and teammate 
Happy Mother's Day to the best mom out there, love you
As a community we have to work to end the isolation, stigma and transmission of HIV & AIDS. The bridge will be red tonight for 
May I present, the debut of Faux Merlot.  I love you dearly 
Red Light Cabaret at 
Even chemotherapy can't keep this Santa down. What an honor to tell this story. 
 Wow! What a touching story. I love that you share heartwarming stories like that one! 
Thank you Sarah for becoming a monthly donor. We appreciate you
Remember this day back in 2015? 
2nd annual 
Our community has given so much to us, we can't return the 
Thanks for the shout out 
Thank you for including us in such a special day! 
Jump like a Jellyfish and help raise money & awareness this 
 corinnemcdonaldfilms 
Starting the holiday season with a bang at the 
In business, storytelling = 
Pastels at 
Can't wait to be back at 
This shimmering pendant is mesmerizing and catches the eye. Available at 
Such a cool tune 
These two are unbelievably spoiled 
God bless all of the incredible men and women who have fought for our country. We love you. Happy Veterans Day. 
THE queen is back. Life is complete now w/ a new record from our hero. 
This is so sweet 
Love seeing 
Aw thanks love 
To all of you who sent me B’day cheer... Love always, so touched, I’m listening more and talking less. 2 ears, 1 mouth, do the math!
If you’re looking for a fun and super thought provoking interview, look no further than this awesome interview with 
Awwww thank you so much!  
Darkroom just hit 100k on 
‘I can't go on like this, like you want me to... I can't grow, when you keep me so small. Yeah, I found you out...’ 
 C6 Multiband Compressor 
Ferns and Stuff is charting over at 
I couldn't be at 
“You’re a warrior, warriors don’t give up and they don’t back down. Pick up your sword and shield and fight.” 
Love Brite? 
What a way to kick-off 
Obvy 
Ayyyy with the double up 
Serving on the 
Thanks Mo. Congrats on the dub. 
Thank everyone for hanging this weekend! coming up!!! With 
Winners of Best Co-working Space of the Year 2017 !!!  
We won! Couldn't do it without our Burners, Advocates and lovers of equality 
what a journey it's been ...we've had a lot of ups and downs as a team but If I could do it all over again I wouldn't think twice 
Happy Winter, 
Three years ago today 
 4 life 
Wait til you meet PaPa Hardy 
 my weekly trip to the sauna I mean Farragut North platform
Let's do it. 
Betcha can't not help but get all kinda Christmas spirit-ish when you listen to 
 trained me to also add 
Thanks for another amazing night 
I want to 
So incredibly proud!! You so deserve all this and more baby!! 
The other side of me 
We like you, but we love cocktails 
So delighted to share this world premiere tribute to 
Just ordered the 
Beautiful flowers, thank you 
Ahh congrats big bro 
thanks joel
Ayyyye congrats Tay
Well! What a day! I met one of my heroes today: 
Just imagine 
This is important and why health-related claims must be regulated & not misused. Nerdy, but I 
The Director of Operations for the Python Software Foundation (
One of the most passionate nurses I know. Dawn has been an inspiration throughout my career. Thank you for all the guidance. And most recently for the support during my dads last few days 
Our sister podcast is back and isn't messing around 
JAPAN! It was so wonderful to be back!! 
Love you karen
Lots of great colors up on the screen! Juniors and seniors having some Friday floor hockey fun with heart rate monitors on! 
Yo! My 
I just saw 
Amazing experience keynoting with my friends! Love my 
"If they don’t give you a seat at the table, bring a folding chair." Happy birthday 
Happy Day of Miracles!!! Soonerthon is trying to raise $120k in 1 day for the Children’s Miracle Network! So I will give
25¢ every favorite
50¢ every retweet

go give! go soonerthon! ftk! 
let’s make miracles happen For The Kids
We are so 
We don't work without our amazing staff 
May be biased but this reindeer is the cutest I've ever seen. 
Hidden SPOILERS in 
Huge happy bday to the best brother out there. Don't party too hard;) Keep doing big things, I love you so much
OMG!  The GIANT Health Event starts in 1 week 
BREAKING NEWS! Following 
Thank you to R seniors Christy Monroy, Casey Murphy, Colby Ciarrocca, Brianna Scarola and Courtney Norton on tremendous careers and your legacy as Scarlet Knights 
Introducing small charities to the big corporate 
Yes, Mike Finn is one of the good guys, for sure! Thank you, Mike, for all you have given to the sport and the league - and us!! - over the years. 
Great news 
Glenfield 
 this so much - tears in my eyes! It's adorable.  If you haven't seen it yet 
YES!!! WELL DESERVED & I AM SO PROUD OF YOU MP 
When you get this email that someone you don't know at all just fully funded your 
BIG SIS IS PROUD OF YOU 
Need 
God is so awesome. I'm so blessed to be surrounded by such incredible people 
 Public schools need our support more than ever. You can actually bring a classroom dream to life on 
Have a great field trip! 
Done and done!! We 
2 years ago and it still feels like yesterday! Hope you're sleeping tight Grandad! Always in my heart! 
Happy Birthday to my better half! 
4 years ago me and this one got together.. safe to say we've made some memories that will last a lifetime! 
Whoever leaves or whoever comes, AFC is still a great club
Family is everything 
typical ham fam pic 
My lil princess 
Wicked night with the champ her self so proud of u girl love your confidence and character your the best ever haha well done eve true warrior now the ambassador for wishes for kids after defeating cancer twice the biggest and hardest opponent there is!!! My lil queen dat!! 
I love this man one of my biggest inspirations outside my little world and that's one powerful women with a very important message 
GIVEAWAY TIME!! Signed boots and signed shirt 
I would be very happy if all my followers retweeted this 
Even pets deserve a merry Christmas 
**BREAKING NEWS** 

LA MANGA 2018 NETBALL SOLD OUT!  
The fans sound amazing! What a wicked bunch!!!  
Proud of my boys 
Also very happy to commit to the club until the end of 2019 season. Exciting times ahead for everyone. Thank you for all the messages 

Jack & Jill is supporting Bereaved Children’s Awareness Week organised by 

This truly magical charity Christmas single is now available for purchase (CD) and download from our website: 
Mr and Mrs Buttler 21.10.17 
 There's so much to do here now! FunFair, circus tent, Farm, pottery painting, local produce, shops & our fave mini golf! 
Please show some 
Tonight we are super thankful that Gina, a friend of ADLA, rescued this sweet mama and her pups from certain death on a busy street. Introducing---Alice and her babies. They are safe at our shelter now. 
It's Sato Saturday!! So it's time to show off your sato/sata!! 
Each year we do more of a cosplay for Halloween. Cuphead is, by far, the greatest we’ve ever done 
Wanna apologize if this fucked wit anyone's plans (especially those of you who may have traveled) and also say that i'm soooo looking forward to bringing you my best self next week!

Endless love 
JUMPROV TOMORROW COME WATCH US. THANKS. 
We’d be nothing without these guys. Rhymes’ musical geniuses 
let's do it again
 that song is a classic. I love it 
Got your wedding invitation yet!? No. Us neither. 
And, to be honest, we’re getting a little fed up being left out... 
3 years since 
Thank you gorgeous friends for coming out to see Tuesday Night! I actually REALLY like you all 
Shameless selfie time! If you'd like to see 
The first movie that I think of is 
Who remembers the Box of Delights from the '80s? Special screening of the whole thing at 
My dedicated 
 hung out at magic place called Les Drapeaux de France 
Watching Bryn Terfel in Falstaff 
This pupper tug of war is guaranteed to tug on your heartstrings. 
We had a bit of a cameo in this! Rory has been instrumental in the build of Two-Headed Death Flamingo, lending us his workshop and expertise. Without 
Big congrats to 
Really fab to have engaged researchers and consumers talking about their experiences of involvement! 
A family 
G A M E
New Sunday video!! "Why Happy People Cheat" (feat. 
Oooo Valentino
Got to interview cool girl 
Love watching my #12 
Happy (late) Thanksgiving from us! So thankful to be able to live this life and have amazing people supporting me, especially 
absolutely love your music & been supporting since i watched you audition on the voice. always gonna support
What a sweet
Our season may have ended tonight, but my appreciation & 
Families volunteering together! 
What an incredible morning making 500 sweet care packages for victims of human trafficking! Hundreds of 
You’ll tortellini 
 I listened to this song in class today and it has truly put me in a good mood I love it!!
SHS singers with the ncmea 
This future 
We’re married!! Thank you to our amazing family and friends for an unforgettable night
Look who I ran in to!  
ICYMI: Grand total for 
The Fair definitely gets younger and fresher every year. Our stag on the other hand...shew. It's a ton of work, but we 
What an emotional day for our family... this one will be hard to top!
An emotional Mom & Dad after Brittany clenches the Top Fuel Championship!
 more great photos on the 
When your best friend cries, you stand beside him...and cry too. pamelabjohnson… 
An image of Madhvi Parekh's workshop with the kids. 
My obsession w/angel wings & crosses is REAL! Loving my new wings 
Have a very Happy & Blessed day 
The best time of the year and he makes it even better 
My baby!! So proud of you 
Pears: the best thing since before sliced bread! Tag a friend who’ll 
Amazing weekend with 
All I have to say is when checking into the hotel....... So stinkin cute 
Leawood families enjoying Seven Baskets annual pancake breakfast 
Make A Wish has always held a special place in our hearts! 
WOW 
Super excited to be performing at 
We've had the BEST time ever!!!! Thank you SO much for having us 
All ready to watch Daddy sing with 
What a FUN night! To dance one last time with 
This is why I love 
I love you guys 
Deal. It’s a plan 
Can’t wait either hype to be back in jersey 
Yes! Yes! Yes! 
Grateful
Hiding from Monday just a little bit longer
Everything you do, do with gratitude
Here’s to hoping your travels are safe and your holiday is happy
 to see 
Here's what I think: books and movies are different creatures. Both can live on their own merits. Both can be loved. I 
Giant thank you former 
Art of the Deal 
Alley-Oop 
J-E-T-S! Jets! Jets! Jets! 
omg it is impossible not to love jason brown also how about that chicago accent!!! 
Dancing with the stars 
You made our day 
Batter Up 
Cy Young Winner 
Coding Kids from 
Dream Catcher 
A night I'll never forget. Thank you for everything NYC 
Keep sending in those questions using 
Tomorrow, Dec. 1 at 12PM ET the newly crowned 
50 awesome people to follow, if you don’t already 
The tree is officially here. I love living 10 min away from a Christmas tree farm 
Proud to share this illustrated animation project that I worked on as part of 
Prayers + safe travels to this lovely customer styled in our tee, jewelry and blanket! 
Let go of the past so that God can open the door to your future! 
Ignite your soul 
Thursday. 
Spread love and 
With Lea Delaria 
i talked to 
Look what arrived on my 
Today we release a 
New hair... who dis? Thank you queenjstyles 
These Girl Scouts LOVED their opportunity to represent at the 
Another wonderful 
He loved an old tea dress 
We love Ricky with all our 
Just arrived in Montréal!
Grateful for this new collaboration with 
If you 
Telling my story in my own words on 
Thanks for sticking with us while we improve the experience. We're really excited to ship this! Talk soon! 
TL;DR— We know our beta wasn't perfect but it helped us design a better product that will come out this Spring. Thanks for sticking w/ us. 
Well hey, thanks 
Give hope to 
I can't with these two ajanimjg emmaportner 
I can't with these two emmaportner ajanimjg 

 with my cousin, Leah. 
New gorgeous video coming soon. 
emmaportner and Ajani just crushed it. 
Today we remember all those lost in the Ghost Ship fire. Here’s a gathering of links to work by some of the victims (and survivors), compiled last year by 
Happy birthday my love 
i thought this was beautifully written 
This is super super awesome 
Diversity strengthens everything. Sending 
In our 
Thank you Martha's Vineyard 
If you're near Times Square today, go see 
I never thought being an uncle would be so rewarding. I 
Photo: Just finished this 
Thank you guys 
 and me with the pooches before Scala. such a wonderful uk half of the tour 
THIS. how crazy cooool. mini KOL 
All I need a little smoke session and this song. 
Two of my hearts favorite voices and a throwback remix! 
I love this!! Thank you
 Hold on to your hat! Season 2 is going to blow your mind!
A Massive thankU & the BiGGEST
Love this so much. 
Thank you for joining us on our journey into house music..Big 
 this!!!
Birthday weekend starts now with my favs 
Massive shoutout to 
Big ups 
Not all hero’s wear capes 
COMPANY with 
Thankssss 
My new 
Have we mentioned lately how much we 
"EMBRACE THE MARTIAN." 
Played one of the craziest shows of my career in Hong Kong last night, very surreal. See you guys soon 
Love this artist abrahammccowan 
Forever home needed for beautiful Chile 
** 
We’re always down for more 
Today on I 
We're playing at 
Incredible incredible set by 
Thankful for family, friends, and all of you guys for supporting this band, you’ve helped it become its own family to all of us. So, from our family to yours, enjoy the food AND your drunk relatives’ hot takes. 
Huge group hug to 
This Is How Real Men Shoot Animals 
top trees!! 
Ah Mother Nature, what beauty you bestow upon us tonight! 
Pizza Hut is one of my favourite places obviously! PIZZA
Sending all the love to the 
We’re happy to announce that we’ll be joining forces with fellow “Gulf Coaster”, Trombone Shorty , 13 Nov at O2 Shepherd’s Bush Empire. 
Last night was really special. Thank you to 
Tonight’s the night! 
You are all lovely and beautiful, and I adore you to the moon. Stay strong. 
We're celebrating 11 years of bringing good music to good people this Feb 16th at 
ahem, have you heard our new tune "if my 
we will miss you 
IT WAS ALL A DREAM 
Amazing shot by Peter Ruprecht at 
Got a pic! He’s so beautiful
 IS OUT NOWW !! Enjoy this emotional regurgitation from the depths of a burgeoning woman // Link in description 
. @ The Riff 
The incredible 
Shout out to all my haters and nonbelievers, y'all are the reason I work hard and stay hungry. 
sign up for 
Well this was a nice surprise this morning! Thank you 
Sean and his band tonight 
I finally came back from my kids...too much love 
 XXX tour 
A massive thank you to 
Here's a quick split test between El Mocambo Overdrive and a couple of our favorite drives. Headphones advised 
 Huge thanks to the bands, the fans, the friends, the volunteers and everyone who worked so hard to make 
Remembering always our friend Gord; musician, poet, father, Canadian. His art and actions inspire a better Canada and we are grateful 
A photo outtake of 
 love any day on set with youuuuu 
OMG OMG OMG!!!!!!!! Thank you so much to 
TORONTO TONIGHT W/ 
New remix by the wonderful 
super stoked to announce the drop of our online merch store 
Yes! This is such an important issue - without female performers this industry is nothing. They must be treated with respect! It is great that you are using your voice to create positive change. We stand with you and your fellow performers Nikki 
Newest and most favorite scene EVER, drops Wednesday 
 Perfection 
Just packed down the last few bits from the Hackney Pop-up shop. Thanks to all that came, it was exactly what I needed! 
I'm emotional today but  napgirls's photo is going to make me sob on this plane. I love you 
Hey! Avataaars is on Product Hunt!
Come join the conversation :)

baseck 2084 trash can percussion just released for 
H-TOWN MADNESS 
Hey NYC, check out this fantastic show, all proceeds going to 
here what's available in my merch store I kno u guys would look GOOD in it 
Can't wait to go back to Columbia 
NOTHING’S WRONG — 
holiday collection and some new merch available NOW at 
mamma haim’s jacket from the 80’s 
Out world wide radio show is still going strong this is the 11th edition 
rare SoCal tickets go on sale today at 3 pm pacific.... be ready people 
State to State, Country to Country Can’t be denied!!! Make em Dance Cu’!!! Much love 
 this 
LIVE NOW: Associate & Brand Director, Anna's 
Thank you so much for having me and for all that you do 
Congratulations to the new 
You get what you give 
You guys can officially sign up for my website! I have been working on it for months.  Go to 
My bday boy 
Birmingham 
Seeing you put your whole heart n soul into planning, prepping & finally directing this week was truly impressive 
A bit of spoken word/poetry/verbal musings I recorded recently.....one love 
I'm in love 
had lunch w/ a mentor who strongly cautioned against the culture of one-ups-manship in writing & academia. generously read your comrades work, he said. tell them 'good job' when do one, & remember we're not in competition w/ each other if we're all trying to get free. 
Nothin' to see here folks... just some decadent, sweet goodness. 
Spoil the 
Proud to be supporting the 
Well last night was absolutely spectacular! 

Thank you to everyone there who made it special, it felt like the whole room knew every word 
Our good friends 
BOOM 5 MILLION VIEWS!! THANKS FOR THE SUPPORT MY GS 
Such a beautiful evening 
Thanks Luigi Donatello for posting a track of mine! 
Yeyyy can't wait 
 LOVED Snowy Bing Bongs Across the North Star Combat Zone.  I haven’t laughed so hard at a movie in years.  
!
if ur in NYC for the holiday come hang tonight 
Donate and earn discounts on your soon to be favorite books! 
A very special episode of my favorite 
Very sad news indeed. A unique talent and wonderful man. The 
Wow this is where it all started!! 
it’s on !!!!
5 days left on to reach to the goal on Kickstarter, unfortunately, we know by now that we wont reach the amount we needed to release the album, but i would like to thank all of you 
Master Poasum is holdin my vibrator and watchin Home Alone.
PROUD 
The beautiful views we get to see when we're touring 
Cool to see ‘Roscoe’ on 
To celebrate Record Store Day, our first album 'Bamnan and Slivercork' is FINALLY on vinyl! Many thanks to 
We’ll have new camera straps at the 
Everyone knows my 
one of my fav things about being in berlin is seeing Hito Steyerl in events (usually from distance). but it makes me happy 
but why do i like berlin this much? 
There’s just 2 hours left to grab 50% discounted tickets for 33 @ The Steelyard on 16th December! 
I’ve always wanted to be a DJ and make music, purely because there’s no better feeling then performing and expressing yourself through music.

It’s not just a passion to me, it’s a way of life. 

Never give up on your dreams 
Buzzing our label 
PAY DAY DEAL!! 
Today we release our first sampler! Sola Ibiza 2017 big 
 this! So thrilled to work with 
Ok i fucking love this and i fucking love you both 
Damn!!!! Love this!!! Eyes by 
Playing 4-6pm Today At 
I'm head over heels in love with 
Good morning family! Thanks to all who tuned last night 
3 gigs in Italy in January 
Bye SoftTech, Welcome Uncork: 
Shout out to our fam 
Thank you all so much for the nice comments and support. Sandi will be so appreciated! Lots of love to you all 
A monthly training program, a daily meal plan, an official T-shirt, a warm and supportive community, and a charitable donation! 
Thank you for having us 
how can anyone not vibe to this 
 Incase you missed 
NOW 
2tone_ent's video 
Forever morning snuggles. 
Baby bellies, bathttime and bubbles with mom 
Just a heads up: 
 teams w/ stART The Revolution! 
**BRAND NEW**

New Machine - Chance 
Ft 
Big thank you to 
Big thank u 
It’s officially time to find that (kinda) perfect tree. RT if you’re getting yours soon. 
How amazing is this. 
    Still the best Track Ever, Simply love it.
Everyone needs this in their lives .... 
My new article 
I teamed up with 
Yes, we'd love to have you join us 
So proud of my Grantan 
My first and favorite boss at Lyft — 
THANKS MANDYMOO!!! 
Wow! 20k views. My most watched 
The Lopez Brothers 
Ahhhh. You are amazing. Love you guys. Really brightens my week! 
Ah thank you so much lovely xxxxx 
Can't believe it's been 3 years for us. Looking forward to many more w/ these amazing ladies! 
Wow! 8k views! Over 80 likes and 20 comments so far! Seriously can’t believe how much love this little film is gathering on 
Oh my word! It’s our 2 year anniversary !!!!! 
Wow! My baby 
The amazing bakers at 
My top three Thanksgiving tips for a successful meal: 1) Start prepping Monday! Chop veggies, make pie crust, chop nuts, anything that can be done ahead. 2) Watch Godfather as you prep/cook. This is essential. 3.) Don't stress. Family will remember the good times most of all.
 the muscle kid in the front!
Happy Enough 
I bloody adore 
With my beloved sister Alexia in the 
An absolute pleasure performing in the London's West End Phoenix Theatre. Amazing cast, crew and audiences. Thank you so much! 
Looks a quality bottle love to add to our collection 
Mysterious, is this a reflection Miss Candice? Love it 
This issue is our first without 
Right boys and girls: 

"You saved my life, because he is my life." 
I don’t want to leave Yorkshire. Awesome afternoon with 
charity event for World Aids Day at N.Y Club Munich this weekend 
Currently drinking hot chocolate and making Christmas shaped gingerbread cookies with my lit Christmas tree, Happy December 1st!!
From new beat to post punk, from Italo disco to Chicago jack tracks, this is my story as best I can tell it. I want to thank all the readers, listeners, dancers and of course the staff of 
Super excited to play with this New York legend!! Love is the message. 
Take the Last dance with us .. 
NYC 
Delighted to be providing Dj support for 
Our team is ready for a little Heartwalking! 
Love a cup of tea 
Back in SF on Sunday for my residency at the one and only @staminasundays 
"The K-HAND Music show" Live Red Bull Radio Airs in about 20mins 2pm NYC Time.  
Online babes! 
Happy birthday to our incredible drummer Ben, the best drummer in the valley 
Tonight in Knoxville! 
I really do love 
The library is so proud to welcome the 
823 is coming to Melbourne next week! Featuring 
Hugs to 
My first ever headlining set in India is tonight  
UT Singers & UT Chamber Singers were mentioned in an article titled "Top 5: Songs That Inspire and Uplift." 

Thanks so much for featuring us! Hope we can continue to lift those around us with our love for what we do! 
Stunning
Good afternoon everyone 
Shakin' till 9pm 
Tomorrow's the last day! 
Djing at Paradise Palms in Edinburgh 11-1am tonight 
Fuckkkkk 
Happy Valentines Day 
Want us to RT your blog post, event or giveaway? Tag us or use 
 Thanks to you! ..
These couples found their perfect partner on Match. Did you? We'd 
flying to bcn aka my 3rd home 2 play this private party 2moro

if any1 has a link 4 studio so I can do mixdowns hmu

around for 2weeks 
So proud to share this special video celebrating the love between LGBT+ people in London 
Incredibly proud and excited to be able to share this.

Lone - DJ Kicks. 

September 29. 

Preorder: 
To celebrate Dj Kemistry's Birthday ,here is Kemistry+Storm promo tape 9.
Happy Birthday Angel 
Just finished volunteering for World AIDS Day and people are so lovely and generous. A business man gave £100 and one little girl donated her pocket money. The kindness of strangers is my favourite 
Had the loveliest lunch with 
Just hit 60,000 followers which is actually probably more like 10,000 when you take away all the spam accounts but I appreciate it anyway. Thanks 
All it takes to get tested for HIV is a simple finger-prick test. Please join me in giving HIV the finger and order your free postal test here: 
Happy Thanksgiving! If you've just woken up and realised you're on pie duty - here's my pie dough recipe for you! Send me pics of all your thanksgiving pies! 
The winner of last week's pie competition! Thank you for all the votes 
That was amazing JLU, Bhopal 
Happy Saturday, 
Coffee ✔︎
Cozy Socks ✔︎
Passion Planner ✔︎

Loving this week's 
YES YES YESSSSSSS I CAN'T WAIT TO MEET YOU
My favorite time of the year! 
Had a fantastic time yesterday at 
Follow on Instagram and DM me to win 2 tickets for my show tomorrow night 
You guys are the best!!! Posting a snapfam giveaway tonight 
Lovely to hear 
***TONIGHT***

The inspired songcraft of 
 - do you remember the handwritten note I gave at the audience with you in Leicester?! Nobody has rang me yet! Please call.... ‘poster boy’ 
Had sooo much fun shooting My Evening Wear Lookbook for isawitfirst 
Lovely night at the OK! Beauty awards last night 
Know any engineers who 
We play 
Kanye’s ‘I feel like that’ reminds me to not be cynical or distrust pure emotional outpour. Life affirming song. 
I'm in facking 
Thanks for the good times Paris and Berlin, I'm still smiling 
Filming day at 
Shimmy shimmy 
'Thinkin' Out Loud' 
Feeling festive and listening to the amazing 
I feel so greatful today
Love beer? Love Hackney! Our pick of local breweries to visit includes 
Retweeting myself to add that if you're not a BBC peeps, this is how you can take part if you'd like to.   
To celebrate our oat bar launch into 
THANK YOU GIRLY 
Amazing HoopTone Fitness team.. still looking good post-workout! Have a great weekend everyone... 'do what you love' ...
For every retweet on this post, 
Check our new tune Second Nature on the mighty 
R.I.P Apex wat an absolute legend has been lost. Your music will echo throughout time 
 just had my amazing little girl. Felt totally goddess-like thanks to your book. Best thing I read (& read, and read, and re-read) all pregnancy. Convinced my happy birth was made possible by how your book made me feel. 
Our inspirational leader, Michael Landa, won ABJ's Best CEO for a medium category business in central Texas and we are SO PROUD! 
Told ya running was a family affair. REPOST: When your 14 year old son runs his first full marathon 
 I 
Some new drum and bass 
Innovation In Torquay was incredible last night!
Big up everyone that came to say hi, 
 
Could you reset the following and repost limits so it doesn't ban me every time I follow someone? 
Nikki's Khalil debut album "The Water We Drink" will be out on Posh Isolation Aug 25th. First track out 
DRIVE TIME 5/7 pm LIVE on Koollondon the official 26 years on air birthday show please share and support thank you 
Belocca - Secrets Of The Moon is No.1 in trackitdownmusic 
Impromptu post work trip to London seeing the lovely 
It was 
Brand new music for you.. 
Two of my favouraute things  
My pledge is to work collaboratively with women and colleagues to improve the pregnancy,birthing and parenting journey and Reopen our community & MLU HUB 
After 2 years of ups and downs
Trauma
Pain
Heartbreak
Laughs and Tears
Me and 
One of 
A room full of midwives keen to provide midwife-led continuity of carer
Did you know that if you text 07725 909090 when you are feeling really depressed, down or not yourself, a crisis counsellor will text.It's a service run by 
Competing with warm scones in Wishaw 
When this is part of your 
 look at the amazing appreciation from our WPR 
This is fantastic! We want birth partner to participate in care and support. We need to nurture them too. 
 so kind of you 
Magical 
Oh this is just lovely 
19,400 Follows On 
So wish I was with u all 
Happy 26th Birthday 
Our partners!  Love the new signs here at 
MSW's EVERYWHERE WE THANK YOU
Fabulous turnout for final event 
First London cafe 
Wise words 
A day in my life... 
This is such wonderful news! I remember all the planning & negotiating! 
Please retweet and help us win £2000 from 
Nuff respect
26 yrs!!! 
 hope u had a good holiday loving the selections 
 live now  
100% supportive of 
So excited for this 
Last few giggles with the Australia bound 
This is what all breakfasts should be like 
London with my girl 
8/12/17, I am doing an exclusive set 
Can’t really see it very clearly but 
Ooh fabulous. 24 days of 
 Understanding of the A & P of the pelvis, fetal skull, MOL, uterus and the emotions of the woman and calming impact of the midwife that’s crucial 
‘I have never before or since witnessed in person such compassion by any human..’ 
my sister 
 100% team effort 
When this dog hurt her spine, no one thought she'd walk again — but she proved them all wrong 
Sooooooo sweet 
So proud to have been with 
Sport gave me my escape,a purpose, the confidence to go prove people wrong along the way who thought I would not amount to much..it made me want to be a winner not just in sport but in life!! 
COUNTY CUP | We have been drawn at home to 
That's was for you grandma!
No shame in showing yourself some 
Movements Matter campaign at GHNHSFT maternity service! ACT 
Happy new year to my favourite person
No way can 
 making patients experience more homely.  Let's get patients up, dressed and eating together.                Patients who eat together rehabilitate together. 
Perfect for when I go back to the gym  after Christmas so fingers crossed 
I’m a celeb had addressed so many serious topics this year: anxiety, depression, suicide, addiction...they’re all so brave
Who’s ready for a DS dancing weekend?! 
So full of energy at our DS Academy today! 
Age is but a number. We 
These talented stars from the Muswell Hill Academy are so excited for their new sticker chart 
I LOVE BOXING!!! 
This morning, we are 75% match funded! Donate today and make double the difference to neighbours like Bill 
Wow, what an AMAZING amount raised - thank you SO much to the team at 
Most special meeting with artist Medhi Ghadyanloo today who has spread the world with the most incredible public art, full of colourful hope. Here 
In celebration of 
HAPPY SATURDAY!!
GOOD MORNING PIZZA CLUB!!
Ahhhh Monday, the best day of the week
Myths from all Zombies plz
A lovely night at my place, surrounded by Brisbane campaign folk. We are now friends and family. 
Cork City 
This Thursday! 19:00 Linnégatan 21
41304 Gothenburg! Be there 
We're still on such a high! 
Cork Opera House, this Saturday, with a 25piece orchestra! So exciting 
Just home from what was THE  most incredible  gig with 
Glasgow you were wonderful, but I’m glad to be home & cosy!

Chilling in my new PJ’s tonight... and supporting 
Please become members and choose 
Pineapple looking all shiny and new after our face lift, including new windows in studios! Thanks to our members for being so patient while the works were carried out, and BIG thanks to the refurb crew for doing such a great job! 
Thank you Dream Serenade artists and crew, 
I cannot 
  this 
Not just young people 
So proud of my Spencer mentor, 
So excited for our next chapter! 
SQUAD... 
My kids 
WRAP UP THIS SUNDAY and go support the Reserve Team playing Dronfield... good luck Ladies... Amazing season so far! 
SPONSORSHIP NEWS:
POM ... WELL DONE  Rebecca Fevers 
Reserve Team Squad for Sunday’s game at HOME .. 2pm KO .... 
This SUNDAY sees BFCL take on Crewe AWAY ... good luck Ladies .... 
The RESERVE team are in action this Sunday at home... get yourselves down to watch this fantastic lot....
Well done to the Lovely Darcie GREENE on getting OPOM at yesterday’s match against Chester Le Street... 
A warm Welcome to our new signing Elisha James 
So proud of you! Each one of them has so much to contribute! 
 sharing strategies that impact outcomes for students!
Raz-Kids medal winners for the week!!  Great job Omar and Greidys!! 
50+mins on Raz-Kids!  
That's a wrap on 
I've just read Tomorrow by 
Koalas and vegemite!! 
Coming back and playing football my senior year as meant a lot in my life. Thank you 
Fox Meadow 
RIP to Corey Waller. A former Jackrabbit, Viking, Washington Husky, but most importantly a local legend who touched and inspired a vast amount of lives within our city. Click the link in our bio and help the family however you can! 
 Appreciation evening.  Great to hear the stories from the Youth Leadership Volunteers.  The children love 
Here she is: our new best pal Ruby 
I don't even drink coffee but the hot chocolate is to die for 
It’s 10 years since Agent Fifi died, she is one if our 
A special shout out to some of the authors closer to 
Which means I can just sit at home binging on Sara Barnard's books 
Lovely Aitch (who illustrated the cover of 'The Beginning of the World...') created the Google Doodle today 
This one's for you Julie 
Regional Champs!!! Nationals Here We Come!! 
HUGE Congratulations to 
A magical moment for 
A rare quiet Sunday morning means I can indulge & become reacquainted with my now unpacked books...1st up 
Love me some 
What a pleasure to support 
Happy birthday to my Queeeeeen! 
Look at God 
Just wanted to say a massive thanks for all the kind messages!! 
New Cross Caviar layers. 
Sloane dagger ear-crawler coming soon to a lobe near you... love or like??? 
Stars and moons with glowing labradorite!! 
 these stacking rings!!! 
Are you still loving chokers?? We are 
Chrysalis Butterfly 30% of all the proceeds for the collection will go to Chrysalis 
lobe trotters... 
Happy Independence, my beautiful country 
Self-care Sunday. 
Cannot WAIT to support my thespian pals this festive season
THE SHINE!!! 
you're so beautiful. 
I Fall in Love Too Easily. The Album. Available now on 
Christmas Tree with my Kenyan touches 
Happy Birthday to my big brother 
I love this! Thank you babe 
It’s been a pleasure 
Now that's what we call a wreath! 
This is close to my heart as I have spent a lot of time at The Whittington Hospital 
Hey kickass 
Well done Australia
 we 
Six years ago I created a show called 
The last 
K9 Lux 
Wherever my brother may be 
Thank you, Milton Keynes! 
I can't believe that it's been 4 years since 12 Stories and Follow Your Arrow were released. Both changed my life. Thanks 2 all involved 
'If you are attractive and you know it, you are no longer attractive.' Oh Cantona 
Uber excited! Looking forward to my Sunday out 
Message to peeps I know....
You're getting one of these as your Christmas present....whether you like it or not 
Monkey see....monkey do....
Thanks for the play 
So happy you all enjoyed the show tonight!! Loved chatting to 
Awww this means the world!! Don’t wanna let the northern troops down 
 December favorites 
Always such a delight seeing this gorgeous lady! 
It was a great pleasure to select tracks for the Brussels 'beats' playlist. Much love to the whole 
RT: At [link removed] -- Tibumana Waterfall, Bangli, Bali 
Come together. More Love. 
Well after a month of wedding celebrations it’s back to work and to one of my favourite events of the year, hosting 
Drumming for Life 
And to all the fantastic 
Thank you my friends 
And the union behind the landmark film agreement is 
If you missed Neneh's story on 
We are live with 
Join us and 
 A jaw-dropping visual masterpiece, 
Thank you each and every IDVA in the UK 
Good morning to those of you who continue to inspire me
99 children desperately need your 
One of the absolute best political interviews I've ever read with 
Amaaaazzzzzzing news!!! 
A beautiful service for a beautiful soul 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes guys 
Trumpet noise! Hello 
 HAS JUST BROUGHT A MOONCUP PROP FOR HER SPEECH ON 
New hair 
If I end up going to Leeds Uni I will be very proud to become involved with the exceptional 
Ps I've never been so proud of 
Signing books at my first public event for "A Woman's Guide to Living with Heart Disease". One woman (three new stents) bought four books, two were to give to her GP and cardiologist! 
Don't miss The 3 M's! 
Music (Andrew Hall 
Love seeing all your photos! Keep it up guys!
An emotional day on the 
Let’s get it on 
We're very proud of all our new players! 
Holy Crap!! I only went and won the 
 this morning chorus from 
Autumn
The InMyBag Christmas advert is here! After much anticipation, we present Paul's Bad Day. We hope it warms your heart on this cold 1st December 
Glad to help. 
Thanks for the memories Mirf, absolute Legend. Deserves a testimonial 
Meet Rocky
MEET ROCKY
Thankyou so much Zeffie 
adelebriscoe strikes again!! 
As much as I would like a little bevvy this evening, have to get up handy in the am to shop for stuff n make up our gift bags for 
really looking forward to this tonight 
'd chatting w 
Brow WOW! Tag a friend who needs this in their life! The power of GrandeBROW Serum 
Late night feels  
So lovely spending the day with 
 virgins 
Anyone with a disability/cerebral palsy can get guest list to any of our shows. With a plus one, And we'll make sure it's accessible 
Hello Dolly... I mean 
Love you hunnnnny
Goodnight Argentina!!! I will never forget this night as long as I live! 
Was a great couple of weeks with 
The pregnant couple! 
quotes to live by 
Other wildlife spotted in the same forest corridor used by tigers! 
Women's roster is FINAL! They smashed 2017 and we couldn't be more proud that they stayed on board 
Long year, helped through by some pretty amazing people 
Happy brithdayyyy to the little brotha! Love ya
Lots to like about tonight's view after a momentous day 
Living proof of when you have confidence you can do everything: 
A good day at work with my awesome colleagues 
Our warrior since day 1 
For my guy 
Yesssss 
I don't have the words at the moment, which I know you'll find amusing...
I miss you GW
We were a great team
Thank you 
So proud & happy to be a coach for such an amazing charity 
this idea! Fab!
De dah!!!! The smell of Christmas has arrived!!!! Love a real tree. 
My new friend 
Does your little one 
 lets go 
We're thankful we had the opportunity to work with the 
CPR in practice 
We have the CUTEST inspiration from 
Some of my best hockey moments shared with this amazing human. I'd say we've played 149 of your other caps together so gutted I missed the big 150 but congrats to one of the most caring, selfless, talented & committed people I know! Few deserve it more 
150 caps for this superstar today 
Ah, lads. The 
I’m ill. I’m busy. Little is making me smile today. Then the new 
So many thanks to 
How can we ever thank our 3 fabulous sponsors enough! Tickets available 
Fingers crossed for 
WALTER AND BETTY REUNITED 
Return on Relationship, 
Roise, you are our hero 
We are beyond delighted for the Burke family!We are also so happy to see Ryan recognising the sacrifices made by Defence Force families! Yes- we shed a tear too! 
We are beyond happy for the Burke family! 
The biggest thanks to these amazing men from IUNVA who have gone beyond the call of duty to support us. 
Here they are pictured with our wonderful 'poster girl' Alisha who did great work leading our 'walk for welfare'. 
Huge thanks also to all of the 
Coffee and corrections. 

All proceeds of the stream today go directly to 
Jeez this just made my day. Thanks 
our community!
Congratulations to all the winners at Tuesday's 
Friday I'm in 
 this man! Breath of fresh air. Love the way he celebrates with the crowd, always smiling, dancing, positive attitude. Brilliant role model. 


The time is here... please respect my decision. Heavenly Father has a plan for everything.
Have a nice time 
 spectators used the 
From publishing, to recordings, to neighbouring rights — we couldn't be prouder of all our incredible Kobalt clients with nominations at the 60th annual 
soundcheck time... it's the final show of the 
oh hello 
Someone escaped from the chateau! 
Chateau Girl Gang 
Placebook loves 
The stunning Turret Room in the. 
It's the first day of the festive period! How will you focus on kindness this holiday season? We'd love to hear  
Today’s game against 
 all the amazing Champions, Mentors, Volunteers and supporters of Dojos that help children in over 1,500 CoderDojo clubs globally learn to code for free in a fun, inclusive environment 
This is a great response from 
So cute
Absolutely ecstatic with the fact that Stanley Park has been voted the UK's best park. Maybe it's time for us to host some events and do some filming there very soon. Keep your eyes peeled guys. 
Thanks to everyone who submitted your fan art for the "chosen family" contest! Proud to announce the winner, Kelly from Knoxville, TN! Her "You Are Loved" design is now featured on a tee that benefits 
Hi! I’m Nia and this is a digital letter to my biggest inspiration in life 
My hustle is her hustle 
A brilliant effort by our brilliant city 
Save the date
Haven't bought your Christmas cards yet? THEN WAIT!!! Check these beauties designed by 
This is gorgeous :-)
She was in my house you know, that 
Very lucky to have this on our doorstep ..... Memorising!
Please 
Check Out My Entry & 
Make sure you spread the word 
Talk about hearts of gold 
You can donate here 
Only a few minutes left of this weeks 
How gorgeous is this? A personalised Christmas card for 
Happy Birthday to this legend! 
Applesecco going well in the TIC 
Amazing crowd & venue for today's book conversation. Pre-game photos. ITALY I 
We are ready 
Fantastic morning hosting the 
Come find me!! I'm running around in suit 
Guess what? It's here and it fits!!
Huge shout out to 
"We are most enriched not in taking from others but in sharing the best we have to offer." Insight into the phenomenon of 
The awesome 
Turkey and International: Call for papers 
We are attending a talk by Kiyonori Muroga of Idea Magazine in 
Excited to head to 
SWVA continues to be an awesome place for our main campus 
Life is better when you stick together  
nothing like hitting the gym hard then getting home and tuning into love island 
Yass today is the day! Hand-signed copies of my book are now at 
I’m so thankful for all of you. Thank you for supporting me and everything i do
Happy Thanksgiving from my family to yours :) Don’t be afraid or think it’s corny to tell someone how much you love and appreciate them
Feeding the world at 
Beautiful tribute to Helen Kelly by her son 
Celebrating WCC paying ALL staff a Living Wage 
g'ma under me in Toronto hostel dorm gave me dark choc covered cherries 2 ensure I don't get hungry on the plane + then a massive hug
Little Aisha growing too fast 
Enjoying Aotearoa with my 3 queens 
My little Japanese princess 
Finally back with these cuties 
Met this little cutie in Yokohama today 
100% my brother 
Can't wait to see my girls. I love footy but it's only part of my life 
And that's a wrap my friends 2017 
Congrats to our Tongan brothers  
Scotland 
Loving the Huddersfield Town Foundation Ladies Lunch 
No words, just love 
Winx stepping out for a gallop 
today’s reminders: 

worry is a waste of imagination 

abundance in all things — there is enough time, resource, and opportunity to make anything happen 

don’t take anything personally. be you, do your work, and live by your values. 


So proud of the gift that is 
Found my 
Tap 
Let’s sit back and admire these glorious Phoenixez 
Celebrating smashing my Equine Psychotherapy Institute practical exams! Has been an amazing journey 
Gingernuts' update/Jerry continues to make progress, comfortable & cast removed this morn for post-op X-rays. Screws are in place & importantly he is in no pain! Incisions are sealed, limb heavily bandaged - thank you everyone for loving this boy so much! 
Welcome to the world Percy - colt by Prestige VDL 
Zidane warming up at Boneo Autumn Dressage Championships 2017
Two of my favourites 
HUGE thanks to 
My brother  
to the gentleman who cried through our set at 
Dear Ladies:

How a simple photocopy of your CV done at an internet cafe can get you sex trafficked or find yourself working as a prostitute in the streets of SA [Thread]

RT for awareness
I love my Sunday’s 
We love 
 you looking gorgeous as always, Love your Outfit and your Guest..shoutout to your self 
 
From your favourite village girl.

My people 
God Bless These Fans 
Happy Sunday from 
Til death do us part...
Thanks King! 
When you have your photography moment in Africa...
huge congrats to my best friend on signing today!! you deserve it douglas
I'll see you again soon, Roy. Love and miss you every day 
Thankful
Big day for me today as I add another feather to my cap & turn entrepreneur!! Wish me luck you guys!! Will share the details soon
Shooting for something special! Can’t wait to share it with you guys
Got all the juice i needed today! Thank u my people 
Please cc a guitarist  in your timeline that lives around chevron Lagos . Thanks in anticipation 
 No_Do na just the best for 2017
It's back again. My 
The '08 Claudia MCC! When i finished matric last year that is what we celebrated with just brings back all the memories. 
FAN LOVE 
Go read our love letter to you 
Mama
Special S/O.......Thanks for making my 2016 a successful & memorable one
Doing the biz for 
Just received my 
BHILL002 sent to distribution...can't wait to share 
So guys like I promised, 10k for 5 people each . Once my pinned tweet reaches 200retweets. Giving out the first 1st 10k. Love you all. Thank you all for the support and love 
Hey guys please help vote for 
Thank you So much
In honor of Heritage Month back home - I am still proud to be African 
i could honestly listen to Joseph Stiglitz & Robert Reich talk economics, all damn day 
Babe alert! hilldarh stuns in 
This offer is valid in store on Friday, Saturday & Monday too guys.  
Expected a lot from 
Live in 20 minutes with a killer show from 
Saturday morning from 10am on 
Pupdate on Louis 
LOOOOOVE to 
Chilling at the neighbours winston_and_albert 
New HAY trays and enamelware 
Such a brilliant night organised by such a lovely team 
Spent a dreamy afternoon pampering + yakking with my oldest pal 
Perfect Fall Weekend for a scenic adventure with my one and only  
I am grateful for mums, pumpkins, my newly painted YELLOW house & weekend 
Tonight I made my all time fave super simple recipe from Vic’s last broccoli crop of the season. 
Ladies 
FREE masterclass, The 3 Simple Steps 2 Become a Boundary Ninja, this Friday 9/8 at 10am ET or 5pm ET (Link in bio-ladies only please) 
Link in Bio to join us for 
Stop OVER giving! Join 
Ladies join our free 7-Day 
You might need an Instagram update? If you're up to date, the simplest instruction is head to Instagram, search 
Great night last night 
What it means to finish the 
Other parents would drag their kids away from her, so mom came up with the cutest way to prove she's not contagious 
Feathers appear when angels are near... 
Say I love You 
There we go... 
Happiest birthdays to 
Oh man it's this week needs some love. How about a 
Capturing moments of our last recording session in Berlin at @haus_2000 - more tba soon 
As we are huge @lordof_the_rings_ fans, crossing "Mordor" and passing the enormous "Mount Doom" was life changing 
Great snapshot of our 
Can't wait to get dolled up and go out to celebrate our 2 year anniversary tonight 
MQ Winter-Eröffnung, simply unforgettable
When your skin needs a little extra 
As a Legacy Whisperer, my love for Prometheus grows by the day. 2.0 is amazing and I’m inspired by this transformational project. 
Unfortunately today was not the day for our story to be heard. Due to breaking news our story was cut off live tv. The royal wedding will go ahead however mental health issues will always remain 
Would love to help by answering any questions related to iOS development, Swift, Server side Swift, debugging, imposter syndrome, starting your own thing while you're in university, getting an internship and more.

 DM's are always open 
Friends, I’m looking for a new adventure! Here are some things I’ve done before…

- Co-Founder and DevOps Consultant
- Head of Delivery 
- Programme Manager 
- Technical Product Manager
- Public Speaking
- Community Leading

Fancy a chat? DM me! Please RT 
Sadie urgently needs a foster or forever. Please contact us if u can help.She was rescued 2 months ago, skinny,scabs covering her body & several broken teeth.She is FIV+ and has a low-grade heart murmur.Can u open your 
You could really lift our spirits by becoming a volunteer or foster fam. Interested? Let us know. 
Wow! I talked with 
First piece in the new crib 
Beeses party 
party.... 
Thank you for an amazing 2017 
Combo #5 is out now
Gutted not to have been able to squeeze into 
Retweeted TheRevlonGirlLondon (
"RUTHLESS" NOW AVAILABLE ON SPOTIFY, PANDORA, & TIDAL

ALSO NOW RECOGNIZABLE WITH SIRI AND SHAZAM!


Great few days teaching 
Can’t believe first term 
A big massive Well done to all my 
Have had the best first term 
I have a had amazing full term at 
WOW !!!! 
Buzzing to see 
So proud watching Tilly compete in The World Tap Championships 
In 2010, NHS waiting list for treatment was 2.5 million people.

Today it's 4 million.

God bless our NHS staff, under pressure, under paid, still saving life.

Thank you 
 love during International Coffee Time 
Hello all teams pls send me three pieces of good news and I will post an update on Crowdfunder 2nite 
 Thanks so much for having me! 
tomorrow photoshoot 
Listen to Energy ft. 
So so so excited to be joining forces with these guys. Can’t wait for the 31st! 
Wow, 

God is amazing 
An early Happy Christmas to you all! Have my edits back & need to concentrate, so this is my last tweet. Deadline looming. Signing off with a tableau of all the fab books I have read in 2017. Thanks for the support you have given me & 
Check me out on 
Love that you liked the book. Thank you so much for reading and reviewing 
Thanks Anne 
Thank you so much Sarah. Thrilled you enjoyed 
What a wonderful review - thanks so much 
Arghhhh! I managed to miss retweeting your wonderful review yesterday, 
Did you know that the 
YES LOVE WINS! Well done Australia 
Even though I don't participate in Vlogmas anymore, it's still cool to reminisce and see the joy it brings to others. I couldn't ask for a better gift. Happy 
We're recording a holiday episode of 
Such an awesome day! 
A wonderful Thanksgiving weekend has come to a close. A lot to be thankful for, including beautiful western North Carolina sunsets 
Always love 
“Kindness matters.” More than anything 
“People are uncomfortable with difference.” 
Excited to 
This expectant Syrian mama received confirmation that her baby's safe. COHI donated this ultrasound machine to this Syrian clinic. 
TMRW // come share your love stories with 
DIY spa time anyone?
I love this song! It went perfect with the movie
Maybe I'll take my little sister to see walking with dinosaurs for valentines day 
Red is the go to color this season 
Starting off a 4-5 hour drive to Dingle.

Thank God for 
We have raised a whopping £11,000 thanks to everyone how took part 
Thank you!!!
Make 
What a place the 
Golf back drops don't get much cooler then this 
Bancone Anniversary 
Please watch and retweet. Little helper in for 
As our 
17 shows later, 3 flights to the uk in 3 months...this marks the end/beginning of my independence 'tour'.  
OVER AND OUT. Thank you for the most INCREDIBLE tour. It’s been amazing. Onto the next one 
So I thought I might post the one where all of us have our eyes open ! Last night tonight - I think here will be tears 
Remembering our friend Harvey in the 2nd anniversary of his passing. Sending love 2 Sarah, Spencer, Olivia & the all family-fly high buddy
Channeling 
Four tier standing ovation in Glasgow!! Another sell out show. Amazing night in Stirling last night too. Scotland is AMAZING. See you Monday, Leicester 
Day two! Finals footy! Forever grateful to be back on the pitch with my talented team 
Thanks to everybody that stod by my side for the last months.Thanks to my  family,coach,teammates,Mino,DarioFort,Dahan,DrFu,DrVolker,Manutd and the most important my fanz.This was not a one man work without all of you I would not be playing fotball today Thank you and I 
Aw shucks! You're making us blush. 
York Gate Garden, Leeds in Winter. 
It was a pleasure chatting to volunteers about their community projects for this weekend's 
I delved into the mysteries of kefir in this week's Now We Know column. Find it in today's 
Almost brunch time! We’re here from 9 for coffee with brunch served from 10 
Shout out to our amazing dancers 
Gotta love a bit of Britney 
We’re reminiscing about our best tour moments with GA. Send us your favorite tour videos 
Yessss Australia step into 2017.. 
Just saw last nights Xf !! Rak-suuuuuuuuuuu 
This woman 
this !!
Pob lwc i RGC Women / Good luck for the season to the new 
Honoured company - I'm one lucky lady to have the support of these amazing 
So many awesome people in the same (green) room 
Can’t wait to see you, thanks Moz 
We can’t wait!  
And that's a wrap! Goodnight for the final time on series 1 of Science+Stuff with Emer Maguire on 
Massive good luck to my girl 
Traveling the world with this babe makes my life complete 
Thank you so much for everyone's kind messages and support, I really appreciate it. So relieved the op went well and so so thankful 
Immensely proud of these girls! What a season!!! 
Gone - but never forgotten. 
We're so hyped for our DJ Masterclass with 
Care enough to get it right. Taking in all the criticism and tips I
GCSE year 10 leading a fitness test with yr7 today :) #cooperrun#
Yesterday’s game was a struggle, not the best team performance, but we dug deep an came away with a 22-10 win, happy to bag myself a cheeky 2 tries 
cheeky 4 tries today 
This is epic! Love this and you so much 
Hbd bathtub love and miss you :))) 
happy bday 
Happy birthday to one of the funniest people I know  
One week until the NVA Vegas Showcase. Hoping it is a start to something wonderful & helps grow our game. 
So proud of this!! 
As if we didn’t have already have a million reasons why we 
Today was our last trip with Joanna Rivera, the best bus driver in the world, and an even better person. We 
Love surprises 
Very proud 
 That’s a big dill. 
I came home to two tables set and ready to go for Thanksgiving! I love that my kids love our traditions and that I have one small enough still, who creates place settings. 
Mission accomplished! Thank you all
Visitor count in the hundreds for our Day 2 of the 
We're thrilled to announce that we are now a fully licensed bank! A huge thanks to you all for your support 
Love seeing this Claire! 
Thank you! Proudest, happiest, most excited, not-going-to-sleep-soon, very grateful, craziest 
 P3s share some Christmas love with 
Baby loss Remembrance Day. We'll be thinking of u baby bro. You may not be here, but u never leave our thoughts or hearts. I love you Arch
Our latest single "Distant Star " on this playlist as well over at 
Bonjour France and thank you 
It was at 
Come pick up a Pettycash gift card today for that special taco lover in your life 
Red Alert 
Dear Africans, These Young Girls Deserve Endless Retweets 
May we hear your comments on WESG 2016 ? Thanks you very much (づ￣3￣)づ╭
Check it out! Little behind the scenes about our song “All about waiting” x,c 
 Loving your new song 
IT'S HERE! Watch the official Gold Plated video!
You’re the best 
 Was SO much fun 
yesterday i got tearful about my nanny and grandad not being around & my beautiful besties were right there lifting me back up 
You are gorgeous 
We're on our ways to 
 Proud to sing with you last night in great concert with 
Just arrived in York for all things 
This is by far the most expansive musical endeavour I've ever been a part of. I'm incredibly proud of us. Indulge. Reflect. Share.
Looking through the albums. Love this oldie of me and 
OH AND I’m seeing my boys 
Rainforest Punks patches will no longer be available online after Monday. Will update you on where/when they will be available 
Got my 
Thanks for coming back tonight and live 
Finely balanced and sherbet sweet 
GOODIES! 
LAST MIN HOLIDAY GIFTS FOR THE MUSIC-
If you know this, you know the feels. Happy 29th 
23 years ago 
Thanks to Justine 
HOME 
I was lucky enough to perform my song “Stargazing” at 
World AIDS Day at 
We're lost for words, last night was the perfect send off to the last 6 years playing shows as a band. Thank you to everyone who came down 
Thanks for everything you do and for sharing the 
Such a great organization giving children opportunity 
So proud of my love. The most punk rock person I know 
Great day for females leading females 
This guy! 
RIP Altee ! Continue to watch over me , Love you bro 
Next staff book reading 
Why you do what you do. 
Join Croft Sep 21st 7:30-8:30 am as we discuss Towers Falling. We'd 
Is Music City becoming Sports City? Preds rockin' 
Retirement is good, but the love they have for Oliver is GREAT
Look who came to visit us! 
Awesome season 
 friends, we’d 
Nashville friends, we’d 
Incredible - the price of new offshore wind power has HALVED in just 2 years! Emma Thompson seems... quite pleased 
 with these beauties 
babiesss!! we won 
Thank you teen choice!!!! 
If you haven’t seen movie 
Hi hello yes my name is Nic Hamilton and I would like to make a PSA.


Here's what I think: books and movies are different creatures. Both can live on their own merits. Both can be loved. I 
Hair for 
Nothing beats witnessing your friends being so gorgeously happy ... 

This is pretty incredible ... thanks to everyone who braved the cold and came to support us. 
 You are not alone 
Consider donating to us for 
Be one of the brave ones in this tough world - be soft 
Check out 
It's been a while, twitter 
Enjoy 
Can't wait to meet abi and can't wait for siargao huhu 
Maine on the cover of the 20th anniv special of 
Dinner with 
My fave character from TVD 
Styled Toni G for 
I'm so excited! 
Can't wait for the release of Star Magic Catalogue 
For the first time, I surprised my Mom that I'll be paying for the groceries we bought. I'm happy when she's happy 
"I hope I saved his life but if he'd jumped I don't know if I could have lived with myself" 

Walter Williams, you are a true hero 
Couldn’t ask for a better way to kick off my birthday 
Don’t miss your chance to hang out with me at the final 
Amen! Home na.. habanaysdey! Zirkoh morato gig ko tonight! Lablablab! 
Fresh and radiant skin 
My ever favorite supsupshamcey in a dainty pink off-shoulder 
We 
Always together 
Sweater weather! 
My mars 
Audrey
Happy to be working on a new show 
Never change who you are just because you are afraid of losing them. If they really love you, your imperfections won't matter. 
Peace in knowing the Lord takes care of us 
This book arrived in the mail today. I am one happy girl 
Keep people in your life that truly LOVE you, MOTIVATE you, ENCOURAGE you, INSPIRE you, ENHANCE you, and make you HAPPY. If you have people who do NONE of the above, let them go. 
Officially enrolled for the 2nd Sem! Exciting times ahead! 
I pray you quit overthinking, replaying failed scenarios, feeding self-doubt and seeing the good in everyone but yourself. You deserve more. 
You throw away who you really are by following expectations held by other people who want you to be 'this kind of person'. If you are not living your life for yourself, then who is going to live it for you?
Stop saying yes to everything and everyone. Stop agreeing with people just so you don't upset them. You are not a pushover. You weren't put on this world to be stressed so others can be happy and relaxed. Protect yourself.
The Earnhardts 
Awww my heart.Kuya really loves Quia 
I just got home to these
Be loyal always 
So in love with you Q.
Love, peace, trust 
Hi Fiona girls! Just want to drop bu your feed and say that you are beautiful, you are strong, you are talented, and there is no one else who’s better at being you, than you 
I love what I do. 
I love the people that I do it with. 
And I love the one I am doing it for. 

Thank you 
To my ever supportive, gf.. michelle. Thank u for being there 
Thank you for the warm welcome, 
Love Love this beautiful Country like residence
My VauseMan heart 
Damn Good News!! 
I LOVE 
The grammys new artist nomination list is SO INCREDIBLE & EXCITING!! Congratulations to all nominees this year 
CONGRATULATIONS 
Hello 
i'll be on 
Now with 
Hannah Precillas performed at today’s Kapuso Brigade Christmas Party! 
Visit 
Pauline Mendoza looks beautiful in red 
Kyline Alcantara takes a quick pic before today’s Kapuso Brigade Christmas Party! 
Ayeesha Cervantes was also at today’s Kapuso Brigade Christmas Party! 
Everyone loves Sofia Pablo and Will Ashley! Here they are performing and taking a quick photo with fans during today’s Kapuso Brigade Christmas Party! 
Louie Pedroso’s fans, the Louinatics, surprised him with cakes, notes and letters, gifts and lots of love for his birthday. 
Gabbi Garcia is 
Ivan Dorschner cuts the ribbon during the grand inauguration of Xcess Salon’s Maragundon Branch. Ivan also took part in a Meet and Greet with fans. 
BTS photos of Glaiza De Castro, Inah de Belen, and Klea Pineda filming an episode of Road Trip in Samal Island! 
He has the 
For the 
Giving thanks for so many things - including these two gems, who brought me into this world. Happy Thanksgiving from my family to yours 
50 awesome people to follow, if you don’t already 
The tree is officially here. I love living 10 min away from a Christmas tree farm 
Proud to share this illustrated animation project that I worked on as part of 
Ayyy top 40 w/ feels great
Hahahaha thanks for putting up wit me
Happy Sunday everyone 
Introducing the Monster Maker where you can make your very own furry friend! 
What a brilliant, creative day with the 
 ears are on & at the ready!  Have you got yours? I must say they're very fluffy! Get your ears on and share a selfie for 
This is so cool 
The reviews are in! (And frankly if nobody else ever reviews 
Thank you. 
Right back 'atcha! See you on the 8th. 
My fav verified 3rd person twitter account 
Beautycon yesterday 
Such a babe 
wanted to thank all the extra musicians who helped us play this live at scala 
Every single song is a banger 
Happy birthday Mommy!!!We love so much
What a day!  Wee man did well 
One of the best times of my life!  Good luck Doug and Glen 
Ok i fucking love this and i fucking love you both 
Celebrate St. Andrew's Day with Scotland's Most Loved Haggis. Just £2.70 at 
Our limited-edition packs celebrate our loyal fans, whose passion helped us scoop the title of Scotland's Most Loved Haggis. 
It really has been such a long rollercoaster year and i’ve over come so many obstacles and At the moment i just couldn’t be happier 
What a beautiful article 
Unfortunately today was not the day for our story to be heard. Due to breaking news our story was cut off live tv. The royal wedding will go ahead however mental health issues will always remain 
Can't stop thinking about this amazing place and it's amazing people 
Happy birthday Dad you are truly one in a million and today we are going to prove that
Share the love! 
I’m in 
What a phenomenal beginning of our tour! Thank you San Francisco! 
Last night 
I love u 
in 2007, this group of friends (and 
Happiness and love with my favourite boys on their wedding day!!
This is my high school art teacher and this actually made my heart melt 
Much love 
THIS IS SO CRAZY! Underwater entered the 
When you find love in the most unlikely place... 
Team Notflix 
Big love to 
Shouts to 
My dream came true today! Huge 
I could do with the biggest Mum hug, miss you 
6 couples (including my marvellous mamma and step-dad) told me their 'everyday' marriage proposal stories and it's still making me smile 
martystuart was incredible last night in Birmingham 
Last night of the US tour, thank you all so much! 
I need a special delivery of assorted 
Legend 
Thanks @iambodylove :) stoked you're vibing the tunes 
Holy shit! Thank you so much, 
I 
Thanks for your support on the Alzheimers Campaign guys!

Having lost my Nan to dementia three years ago it's quite moving to see everyone get behind this cause. 


Thank you for your support so far!
Have you entered the competition yet?
It's one competition you can enter that will really make a difference. 
This one’s from the heart 
This song is why I 
OMG 
This 
When your favorite radio station plays your new single right after one of your favorite people and bff’s. 
Glad you guys are enjoying ‘OMS’ acoustic 
Congrats Harry & 
So happy to see a mixed race princess to be 
love u 
thanks you for surprise us every day, we love you !
Had a great time in Cleveland with my family
Love and miss y’all too!
Happy Veterans Day first to my papa and my bepa!
Write it again. It’s like writing it on the tables of your 
9 years of Fuse & so many more to celebrate. Thanks to our loyal fans for the continued support over the years 
We love you MARY!!!! 
My no IG having friend whom I love so much. U always make my day sweet girl 
I am thankful for you sweet girl 
Such an honor to be attending & performing at the 
I just love 
Bestie coming to CT and we’re going to 
Tonight was amazing with 
Calling 
Check out the MTV Snapchat Discover today for our disability takeover - so much talent! 
Shout out my main man 
 I have no words to describe how amazing you were tonight at 
If you've missed 
School's out and our new kids menu is in! Keep your cheeky ones entertained at Comptoir this summer 
Thankyou for the 
My Grandmother is getting ready to pass and flights back home are super expensive, anything helps 
So proud with this! 
In search of your Prince Charming? 
Such a great night 
My people 
 This has made my Christmas! 
Last 2 shows today 
Birmingham 
Rocking & rolling at 
Proudly supporting 
Our new custom white board from @likebuttermelbourne - thanks guys, we 
This thread. Twitter really is wonderful sometimes 
Design a love letter. Gravit Designer for beginners: 
She is isn't she! 
Please retweet and help us win £2000 from 
Baby loss Remembrance Day. We'll be thinking of u baby bro. You may not be here, but u never leave our thoughts or hearts. I love you Arch
? 
Coming to our open day? Why not explore the city whilst you’re here, and find out what makes 
Ain’t no 
What a legend 
Hello December, surprise me 
Rain .. coffee and you 
Throwback to my Senior year 
Mud glorious mud 
Our two kitties are LIVE 
The perks of hanging with comics people. 
Congrats to the newlyweds! 
We’re LIVE! 
The way they look at each other 
Great news 70 yr old Alan Wood from the Biddulph area has been found safe and well and will be re-united with his family shortly, Thanks for all the likes shares &  comments that helped to get this great result 
Got my grandpa baby a wagon
Today was so much fun! Thank you to everyone who tuned in! We 


Snatch up the music video for 'We Three Queens' 
Do you 
"WTF Just Happened?!? 
In studio with 
By any means I get to them 
Happy Birthday Islah 
I LOVE IT! 
“What is light, if Sylvia be not seen? What is joy if Sylvia be not by?” By Sylvia, Shakespeare means *Tim.* 
Successfully built one hand pumping water well in Pakistan for a small village! Now on to the next one! 
Another amazing time tonight in DC with friends at 
I love stories like this. Help some1 2day 
Yay!!  Sooo excited to be the be cohost of 
 is incredible tonight on 
This is important and cool and written in a way that any dumbass like myself can easily understand. 
DMV! Come support Comfort Cases tomorrow night at 
Can't wait for 
Sat 6/17: 
Completely and utterly overwhelmed. The Thrill Of It All is officially number one in America. Truly, a dream come true. Thank you all from the deepest part of my heart 
The weekend is devoted to CELEBRATING THE LOVE OF MY LIFE.  Happy Birthday Beautiful (You never looked better HOTTER than ever!) 
 with my 
I’m literally obsessed with everyone in this picture. The sisterhood is strong y’all 
Tortoise love 
Still can’t believe this happened a week ago today 
Love my girls 
Thank you so much!!
Love this. 
More McTeacher Night fun! I’m loving it! 
Beauty routine taking time away from your beauty sleep? Check this out: 
RT if you 
 we are on the beautiful 
Great day on the beach at Brean, Somerset.  Bailey 
WB by Hemani wishes you a very joyous Eid Milad Un Nabi S.A.W.

May this day bring serenity to your heart. 
JPOTTTTTTT 
Shout out to our fam 
Buddy and his new best bud from 
MINE 
Currently craving Portuguese cuisine 
Carlos is the BEST 
Looking forward to seeing the 
We are so much happier when the good weather is here 
Dreamy skies & Fairy tales backgrounds 
Summerdayzz with myone
Portugal was voted 2017 Europe's Leading Destination by @worldtravelawards. 
Sport gave me my escape,a purpose, the confidence to go prove people wrong along the way who thought I would not amount to much..it made me want to be a winner not just in sport but in life!! 
Yessss Australia step into 2017.. 
So much respect for someone still so young herself 
Read the story and watch the 
From warm knits to shimmery party looks — it's time to update your winter look 
We cant get enough of these adorable festive outfits 
Peru, I can’t wait to see you 
'Til the morning comes' I couldn't wait any longer to share music with you in some form!!! This is a song I wrote with the incred 
Kevin you are world class! 
Heeeeeyeyyyy 
Walk a mile in their 
3 MOBO’s, love you all, thank you 
 Love 
Had the best time at 
Rails 5.0.5 is out! Rails 5.1.3.rc3 is also out with more regressions fixed — thanks for the help! 
Active Storage just got direct-to-cloud uploads courtesy of 
From taking her first steps into 
Equality and fairness for all Australians. 
Most awesome news of the year. Love you, 
We are LIVE on Instagram. Join us to witness 
Today we ran prettier over the entire 
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀⠀⠀        I need God in every
⠀       single moment of my life 
Your Mc for the night, the one and only SomGaga
Watch valerianmovie on 4K ultra HD and Blu-Ray 11/21 
Reality 2017: 

While you walk home at night you record and edit an podcast session with a bar owner from brasil and talk about how to deal with two concepts in a room.20 Minutes later its distributed all over the internet

love that shit 
‘Tis the season to shop Good American IRL!! Meet us at the 
had lunch w/ a mentor who strongly cautioned against the culture of one-ups-manship in writing & academia. generously read your comrades work, he said. tell them 'good job' when do one, & remember we're not in competition w/ each other if we're all trying to get free. 
New Tut! Bombshell hair tutorial 
We surprised SMU students with tickets to our show last night to launch Bumble Beats 
been a hell of a ride these last 2 months. 2 more shows in EU & back home for a bit. million thank you's to everyone who's come to see us 
Hey babe! Ugh unfortunately we’re not right now! Maybe we should re launch for Christmas time!! I’ll keep you posted 
Shout out to my moms who put me in every art & dance academy growing up! She bused me out of our neighborhood so that I could have the best education and dance programs 
Spa time is the best time 
In my lifetime I’ve seen a black president and I’m about to witness a black princess
Aweeeee this is beautiful 
 this.
Thanks to 
my heart consists of y’all 
Super excited to be performing for World AIDS Day concert with 
Ahmedabad! The AR Rahman Encore Tour hits your city TONIGHT! We are all set to perform at the TransStadia Arena at 7pm!!! See you 
Means a LOT, thank you! 
What an honour it was to perform! Thank you 
Don't dream it's over 
I literally fell in love with 
 the ultimate wishlist!
Wrote an directed this one you guys. Tune in 
Huge shout out to 
Just some Sunday thoughts. 
 found this on my car in 2007 
BIG thank you 
Wow, someone caught the 
Our  
If you have a podcast that is new (specifically kicked off within the past 3 months or so) send me a dm! I’m doing a special blog post just for the new guys in the 
you guys. 
Aww I miss being in the ring with the 
Getting in Xmas spirit with my main bitches 
Big up guys. Much appreciated 
I was lucky enough to perform my song “Stargazing” at 
Welcome home 
Thank you for the reception 
Mi amor 
AND I’m also spending this day to reflect on everything and everyone in my life that I’m thankful for 
Cheers guys 
See you tonight 
Thank you Holland for a great night.. you were amazing 
Word is out.. Bhendi Bazaar 
Lots to 
Get on the bookstore love train! 
High Force Waterfall 
One visit is all it will take to fall in love with 
My well-loved copy of 
Someone Great 
I have now seen 
Thanks so, so much to all the lovely people who came to celebrate 
2017 Thoughts 
I weep 4 the young people of this nation. How can we bear 2 look at them straight in the face and tell them that we 
Opening tonight in 
Happy December. 
How beautiful.
Today, we're lighting up red for World AIDS Day 
If 
Awesome show this afternoon by the children 
Never for get there’s good out there too. 
Are you wearing your red ribbon today, on 
Pls RT! Come and join me live on 
Naturally 
OMG I love him 
What a terrific place to work 
Thanks so much to everyone who helped make last night a smashing success! 
When two of your fav customers get engaged in town, dash in to tell you and you're THE FIRST TO KNOW! Congrats, guys! 
Whenever I need a pick-me-up I watch 
 URGENT NEWS on Rosie lot in Hackney area!! could you please share this linked tweet with your followers 
Family affair tonight! 
Honoured to be associated with such a wonderful charity 
Thanks to everyone for the birthday messages on Saturday. Appreciate it 
Take a break from treating others, and have a little treat from you to you 
Awesome evening yesterday with 
Day 5, *Action* 
Still a few days left, dev friends!  Come help make cool things for public good and develop your career at RNZ! 
Yaaaaaay well done with you! Very well deserved 
Black Friday has already started 
Feeding the world at 
The famous 
Good luck 
Massive 
Emotions that only 
Full time for our first game of the season. 
The moment you surprise you're niece after not seeing her for 2months! 
We sure 
 To 
No space for hate in our community. We stand with 
Supporting and running at its best 
Absolutely loving my new Alphabounce 
Grateful 
Now hiring! If you know anyone who'd like to make $10 hr + tips & 
Curated a pack of sounds you can use to make your own jams 
These are so much more than just balloons! 
Thank you so much for mine I love it 
Can't believe my debut record drops at midnight tonight ! Big love to 
This marriage survey has spanned the full rainbow emotional gamut from relief, sadness, joy, anger & even fear for my safety. Grateful AF for our brilliant 
Tonight at the Tit 
Queer loving & healing plus shows and tunes with Canoe & 
Honoured to win my 11th allstar at the weekend. Especially delighted for my two teammates 
What a day!!! Connacht senior club title number 16 with a brillant bunch of people 
Just home from what was THE  most incredible  gig with 
Let’s look after and support each other today 
Thankyou for the support 
The Burke's Christmas just got a lot better 
Nominations for 
The best friends bring you the sweetest gifts- thank you 
Happy anniversary to my favourite 
The Family Remembers Prodigy : Happy Birthday 
Filming the Carrie Fisher story! Be still our beating heart! 
Come enjoy some yummmmmm on your day off .... 
We are OPEN! Come enjoy Memorial Day Brunch with us! 
Wishing 
We are so 
 that's my girl
Happy Thanksgiving from our table to yours.  
Thankful for THIS.  
Hope you enjoyed your visit Andrew! 
Just a few suggestions from us 
Say hello to the Festive Stack! Turkey, Stuffing, Cranberry Sauce & Greens stacked into a foodie frenzy with gravy on side for dipping & chips! It gets EVEN better. 50p of every festive stack goes to 
Really loving the layout of 
In Riviera Village cheering on my granddaughter Isabela! Her Girl Scout troop is walking in the Holiday Stroll 
Thrilled with this morning's book post cause IM SCUM AND IM YOU SON 
Today we used subtraction stories to help us understand the concept of taking away. We 
 pull ya sel ta gither 
Rossnowlagh 
Everyday makeup shopping list available on my snapchat. Some of my fav high street products for you to try!!! 

Snapchat @ grainnemccoy 
Caligraphy fun with this one at 
Best fan mail ever. RíAnn from Clogher National School has sent 
I'm honoured to have received an Honorary Graduate Award today from Blackrock Institute for my work with the RISE foundation & Seanad Eireann.
Former recipients of this award include Paul McGrath, Fr Peter McVerry, John Lonergan 
**ed. note - sorry for the interruption**

This bot is a labor of love that requires the occasional tweak to keep it going.

If you appreciate it, and have the capacity to help support it, please do so:

Our admissions team are in red today for World Aids Day! 
 were with us with a big heart 
help tom&his family 
Chippy love 
Sales reps 
Last event of 2017 tonight & a huge one for 
dellboy
love it you 
Thanks my bro, too much love 
Had a brilliant day yesterday meeting some lovely people from the incredible 
Best birthday present from 
Marion?! 
I'm here bellend 
Happy with the 3 points 
A young Sheffield Wednesday fan sees Hillsborough for the very first time. This is what football is all about... 
Last night with my beautiful fiancée 
Mummy & daughter night 
Lovely night last night 
New bits added 
Our lovely Barbara is leaving us today.  Barbara and her husband Tomas are returning to their home in Hungary in December where they’ll start a new life chapter as Barbara is expecting a baby - hooray! Thank you Barbara for all the support that you've given the studio! 
Our lovely Barbara is leaving us this Friday.  Barbara and her husband Tomas are returning to their home in Hungary in December where they’ll start a new life chapter as Barbara is expecting a baby - hooray! Thank you Barbara for all the support that you've given the studio! 
Who will you treat this 
We’re feeling the love!  Thank you 
We lost our darling Maude to Sepsis pls retweet this to raise money for 
Towie x Halloween 
My beautiful boy Scooby who passed in May and me. Our official SIMS4 Cats and Dogs video game characters. I get to cuddle him AND kiss him all day and night in the game 
Daphne getting lots of cuddles from Daddy 
This photo speaks for itself. All we need right here....Innocence of babies and fur babies 
Our dog of the week looking for his forever home 
Our boy Duke has made his first magazine appearance in Septembers issue of glossy mag SUSSEX LIFE! What a handsome lad 
“Him & I” w baby girl out this Friday... 
Hahaha fairs I reckon.. Nice to see youuu 
Dirrrrrrty bones 
The perfect day! Love to all our friends and family who made the day so special 
Arhhh this makes me seriously happy !!! 
Love this picture taken in front of our new all WHITE FLOWER WALL! Congratulation to the happy couple, what a special day 
Happy Friday all! Please all vote for 
Mother and son 
With my lovely sister 
this song is so special to me. i made it with someone i love for the people we love. enjoy guys :) Him & I out now 
STOCKPORT
Loved getting the chance to visit @thesketchbookproject (& brother!) in person today. This was one of the best 
I LOVE performing and ADORE meeting so many amazing people and sharing so many moments with buzzing,loud,screaming crowds! Thank you for the support always! Accrington was amazing
Sending out positive energy for the week ahead. 
Thanks for the 
I felt the same!! 
Can’t wait to visit!! 
See you there!!!!
HEAVEN! Love and Adore uuuuu boo boo 
 Dublin 
JUST A CARD GIFT GUIDE - Please retweet!

MANY fabulous makers work featured here.

THE place to shop this Christmas. 

Entry was free & no commission to JAC - so please share - just to be kind! 

(Thanks 
Raymond McIntyre (1879 - 1933) 'Ruth' 1913 
an expanded edition of yrsa daley-ward’s bone is out today! we read and loved bone as a club a few months ago, make sure to pick up a copy
Showin some 
UGH 
11.29.17 See you tonight CHICAGO at discochicago a benefit for my brotha neg_boy 
Chillin
Thank you for this masterpiece 
Thank you for your inspiring comments today. Please subscribe to my 
Jings I love 
Back in Berlin after what has to be the most awe inspiring experience on my life so far. Thank you China, Seoul & Singapore. I'm BEAMIN! 
China, you are INCREDIBLE.
Ridiculous couple of shows with DADA. Thank you all so much 
Oh my god Tokyo is totally bonkers I was not ready for this level of what the hell is going on. Here we go....
The second EP on my label Sulta Selects is out on Vinyl and Digital now: 
Absolutely Incredible night last night. Thank you all so much and HUGE big up to 
SPOOKY PEOPLE ALL OVER THE WORLD

It's time. 

Disco Denis ready to rock n rolllllahhh 

DD x 
Good morning Barcelona. You always are good to me. 
The thoughts of everyone at 
Happy Birthday to Eloise Leigh 
Happy birthday to my boy 
We start our Album Tour tomorrow!!! Just in the studio getting a little extra something ready for u....guess te cover! First stop Dublin-see u soon 
YES!! Can't wait!! 
What a night!! Thank you Brooklyn & thank you 
And they're off! 
Good luck to my brother 
Good luck bro at the euro finals! So proud of you mate 
I’m thankful for people who take time to listen,rt or like my beats. I appreciate you. 
one of my fav things about being in berlin is seeing Hito Steyerl in events (usually from distance). but it makes me happy 
but why do i like berlin this much? 
Finally got the archive uploaded, over 130 tunes from 2011-16 all FREE! Much love to everyone 
All the best mi hermano 
A lot of strength and love to one of the best people I have ever met. We are all with you Peter 
Thanks everybody for your birthday wishes !! Much love 
A message from 
so excited to be a part of this jam with such awesome people 
My little brother is the funniest person I know, and I could not fathom a life without him....so please REGISTER & RETWEET, his donor may be on your timeline!!!
MY BOYFRIEND IS LEAVING ME! 

RT for SOME LOVE 
A night I'll never forget. Thank you for everything NYC 
I've had the honor of being completely and utterly blown off stage by both of these sweethearts. RIP Charles Bradley.
Sending all the love to the 
Thank u 
Some info 4 tomorrow in NY - amnesia scanner will play at 9pm and i'll play at 10pm. these days i'm playing between 1:30h and 2hs 
Met such a rad Aussie this weekend! Thx for introducing me to social media. Have a safe trip back. Xx
So much love to 
Ps. Hey 
Watch it with the family this holiday- yes the babies too! 
Love you Nicky thank you. 
Thank you for working with us! 
A bunch of us got in the tub for a beautiful book called In The Tub volume 2 that is now available for purchase! Proceeds go to cancer research 
Happy birthday Ollie! You're a lil legend. 
Happy birthday to our president 
i've been listening 2 
Love you guys. Thanks for hanging! Have to run. Be back soon to chat. See you soon on the road!! 
Awesome fan art by Leila. Love seeing this. 
1 million IG followers just in time for my 
Now serving 2017’s final 
DO YOU KNOW HOW INSANE THIS SHIT IS. EVERYTHINGS HITTING MILLYS LIKE ITS LIGHTWORK!?!? THANKYOU TO EVERY SINGLE PERSON BUMPIN VIBES AND ACTUALLY DIGGIN THIS SHIT WERE CREATING 
 out jan 1st keep the videos coming people and thank you for the support 
My brother 
Big up @DrayDelta 
Self belief is everything. Always remember your special 
Lifestyle 
Big love 
Massive thanks to 
Still buzzing from the London show the other night. Thanks for all who came along! 
Thank you so much Exeter to all those who came and showed us some love. Such a blast 
Got this delivered at work today! Didn’t know it would make me literally jump up and down! 
Congrats on 
United for life 
LOVE YOU ISSA!!! 
Have a lovely Saturday
love wins 
Europe. Tickets on sale now my G's (9am Local Time). See you soon 
You were a blessing tonight 
Buffalo. Absolutely brilliant. I'm so glad we came, and I'd come back here anytime. Thanks everyone 
I feel bad saying this for the other shows, which have had some amazing crowds, but tonight in Minneapolis was the best so far. We even played an extra unscheduled encore. Absolutely fantastic. 
Striz - Little Closer... Tell a friend to tell a friend, cousin & even a opp lol...

On a real, share, like, retweet and all of that!..


In love with replay 
  REPLAY on REPLAYY..
WHILE enjoying 
Set times for tonight at the 
Last night was huge, so much love to everyone who came down and got stuck in with us; also to 
Forgot to say how much we loved playing 
1 
A few of our Flames at the "Elandon Roberts Foundation 
Thanks for listening 
Favorite twinning moment 
Good times 
Coventry.

A lovely hometown gig at the Colly, made even more special by having my mum in the audience! - Now you know where my chubby cheeks come from 
Leeds.

That was ffffcking brilliant!!!
Thanks for being my home away from home 
Glasgow.

Thank you for grinning your teeth and having my back through to the end, it wasn't my best but you stuck by me - I can never express how much I love for you for that, I'll be much next time I promise you! 
The pregnant couple! 
The lucky winners of the 
My beautiful friend 
We're not dead, just hiding out. 
Loved this day 
I need this sweater in my life 
Woohoo! BEST NEWS EVER! Can’t wait to ‘play’ with the guys, esp 
Thanksgiving Lions game! Thankful for y’all 
walter schreifels voice forever 
"I feel like I'm launching my life again from nothing" - BI vendor Tony Wood describing how important entrepreneurial foundations like 
Yes!!!! Let's make that First Date shot go viral....! 
Flashlight 
Thanks Uncle 
Happy New Month 

God is Love 
God is Love 
my brother hynes forever 
 fell in love with a younger woman at the dog park today. Cleo the 1-yr old German Shepherd/Border Collie has captured his heart. 
What do you get for that tough to buy for person in your life - we all have at least one, don’t we? Head to the blog for what I think is the perfect gift! 
We shared our love then, and we will share it forever. RIP to the one and only, Gord Downie 
Hot off the press: see who has won the $$ in the 
Great stand 
Thanks for the love u all showed me 
Happy 59th independence day!!
An "excellent" book on 
Could I 
When someone says they haven't seen 
 guess what I just got!!! So excited for tomorrow, I have the best hubby ever 
This show is very funny, shes had one hell of a life and she tells you all about it and she’s dances in it... I’m ordering mine. 
Tonight I was in the studio audience of the 30th anniversary special of French and Saunders! Laughed so hard I had to hold my face!! Watch out for it on your tv box at Xmas. Thank you 
One Harry got engaged today and now here’s hoping for two?? 
Always awesome to meet the fans. Thanks Texas and 
This is everything. I 
This is beautiful 
Make sure you’re all caught up on my recent post!! 
Mother & Son. 
The cast of The Real World East Hampton. Another amazing year of the Miaritis/Titus/Rampone extravaganza. 
Fantastic to have 
This is a good day for a feel good story like this. 
Had THE best day with my little lady today 
Loving her first 
Now there’s even more reasons to 
I think I'm going to start donating 100% of my Adsense money to charity. I'm so blessed & thankful for your constant support
It feels SOOO good to give back 
And PS you were so cute 
Hahahahaha you better wake back up tho!!!! 
Congratulations to the gyal demmmm 
I'm one of the 
Never stop chasing your purpose! 
Be the marketer that your sales team loves 
Thank you, sweet friend. 
Happy Thanksgiving! Grateful for so many things this year I don’t know where to begin. My family and friends know my list. For everyone else, thanks for all the support and love you’ve shown the show and the cast. I hope you have a great day with your families. Lottsa Love 
Show Us Your 
I love theatre. Truth has so many voices. 
Happy Birthday Mom! Your unconditional love has made me who I am today. You are my rock. My 
reminder for the festive season 
 Please let our foodmakers affected by these terrible fires know that we will be here to help them get back on their feet. 
Love at first BITE
SUSHI L
More pictures from yesterday! 
If you can spare an extra $20 for that panini press you dont really need, don't forget to give to a charity you 
Remember this day back in 2015? 
As a community we have to work to end the isolation, stigma and transmission of HIV & AIDS. The bridge will be red tonight for 
 never knew you existed until four minutes ago and I already love you!! 
Huge 
Stay tuned 
We think it's the BEST 
You're the best 
Michelle Shopper, BeeDog Charm, & Izzy Tote 
Eee! Thanks to 
Happy birthday to my best friend 
After a 4am wakeup, this feels great!! 
Happy thanksgiving everyone! I’m so thankful for my family, friends and fans.
YASSSS!! 
Drop in Saturday's at ALEC > Everything else 
Thank you for being my rock.... I 
GIVE THANKS TODAY 
Community of 
So much love it’s amazing! Crushing it 
 thanks 4 GBA shout out! We 
Currently drinking hot chocolate and making Christmas shaped gingerbread cookies with my lit Christmas tree, Happy December 1st!!
Special edition Inktober sketchbooks will ship on Monday!! I couldn’t do this kind of stuff without you guys, and often feel overwhelmed by the support! So thank you, from the bottom of my heart 
Miss Gnomer 
The AdvoCare Foundation had a blast at the 
Love my girls being in FL 
2 days! 
Puppy snuggin! 
 we have four sweet pups in need of fosters for the week. Please open your 
Thank you to all those that took part in the 
Date Night 
Fall Leggings 
Join us for the Fall Beauty Trend Show on Saturday, 10/21. Call 206.628.1415 for tickets. 
Explore our updated 
Very excited to be joining our friends 
Hopefully next time 
Feelssss 
Updated set times for tonight at The Crystal Ballroom! We're on at 8:25 
Seattle we are so stoked to play the Wamu with our friends 
 23 weeks going strong! 
I am directing this charming short film about a sock puppet searching for love, but I NEED your SUPPORT to bring it to life. Please watch the vid, click on this link and help me share a little love. Thank you 
Hope to see you all in the 
Here’s a little more info about how Bluey will find love in Perfect Pair. 
it's been an honor! 
I love you I love you I love youuuuu!!!  Thank You for all the birthday wishes!! Warm heart!! Lit up my week with your love 
Flashing forward into the future. This will totally be me in 30 or so years! Love it
Says it all. Simple but Powerful!With hoildays around it makes u realize how important it is 2 have family. Enjoy this time. 4 me I've missed hoildays over past 16yrs. Missed Thanksgiving & will miss Christmas. No regrets w profession I chose but does make u cherish family more
 IS OUT NOWW !! Enjoy this emotional regurgitation from the depths of a burgeoning woman // Link in description 
DEADHEADS! 
yooooooo fam,
Altered Thurzdaze are back!! don't miss out on 
Find someone that inspires you and makes you want to be better, that is goofy, dorky, super smart, powerfull, kind and above all that has fun. That is 
This is how we mediate before Thanksgiving! With 
Thank you to everyone who has been supporting 
new song One Thing out now on 
Santa Ana last night 
So here's my new track called BABBLING.
I hope you get nostalgic about your childhood days while listening to this track 
So proud of how far these guys have come. From two guys on a deck to now touring with their whole live band! Kudos 
Sending BIG virtual hugs to all of you 
All top 4 artists have given us magical performances tonight. 
With Too Much Love Can Kill You, by Queen! 
Goodbye Argentina
All you need is (faux) fur 
Happy moments with @nathanleonedivaio 
A thought from my FB page ! Love you 
All I need 
Such a great view here 
Playing 
Relaxing couple moment 
There's that atmosphere here that makes you feel part of the nature 
 Friday is New Music Day!!!
i 
An epic Sunday brunch is what we'd call this! P.S. we don't share chips, hit 
I miss 
There’s still time if you want to 
Just bought tickets for me and Jordyn 
Yas!!! We love this! 
Mission accomplished. I’m seriously so happy. 
Best day ever! Just got to speak to my fav person 
So excited to accept the 
Excited to announce that I will be continuing my education and baseball career at Colorado Mesa University! 
We are lucky to have you as followers. We have already raised over $2,500 from donors around the country. This will help plan signing days, support school counselors, text with first gen students about financial aid, and keep our movement going. 
Overheard my 9th grade students when leaving their 
How will you 
I just saw 
WheresQuinn?! 
Wow. Just in time for the holidays! You know we 
My tribe!
Happy belated birthday to a great young man!!!
My baby!!!
Love you Della! Your spirit and talent are eternal
 will light its spire red tonight for this year's 
Thank you to everyone who works in, visits, and continues to photograph 
Sweet hearts! 
AGAIN THIS MORNING IM SO GRATEFUL 
Wow this year flew by ... 
Thanks for the memories in 2017, Angels fans!


Timeless 
And they lived happier ever after
Comment with 
To all of you, thank you for making the trailer launch such a success. 
Thanks for the Xmas 
Lots of love to you and your son 
In crisis? We care about you! 
The best doctors around! ;) I’m excited to watch 
If there's One True Pairing, it's called 
Thankful for these people
We asked people in 
a little late but happy birthday sis! hope you had the best day ever. i miss you and love you so much 
Happy Bday Lee Lee ! so so proud of you 
happy birthday momma ! I love you so much and i could never thank you enough for all you do for us! thank you for always being our biggest fan no matter what we are doing and always supporting us! You are truly amazing 
Happy birthday kid
Introducing the class of 2022! Congrats, girls! 
Today's run: grounded and floating at the same time.  
Majjjjj !!!! Happy bday dude 
Happy Birthday Maj
What an amazing experience! Loved working with these super talented and extremely funny women 
All we need is Love 
These photos summarize the evening. A room filled with love and appreciation; thats what makes shows w 
: Happy Birthday to the always inspiring 
Of course I do, he’s my guy!! Thanks bud 
Couldn't the same be said of Cosby? His family certainly thinks he's filled their world with 
Hello December!
i love you brother get well soon buddy 
thanks wade man love ya bro thanks for spending the first 5 hours of it we me
Six years ago I created a show called 
happy senior night to my brothers back in lex wish i could be there with y'all 
happy birthday brethren 
happy bday to my blooda love you big guy
First comes love 
Then comes marriage
Then... 
Came the best news of our lives. 
I hope you're free falling Tom Petty 
Please show some 
He has so much more wisdom to share. 
I cannot wrap my head around the tragedy in Las Vegas. Sending love 
Love is the most beautiful thing in the world. Don't take it for granted 
New addition to the family, meet Mipha 
This is amazing. A must read. Much love and respect to you and your family 
My faves 
On the 
Dexter 
Never been anyone's 
A picture says more than a thousand words. 
Thankful for you 
This 'Stranger Things​' star is visiting fans who share his rare birth defect 
I will never forget when I was walking on campus and some girl yelled out of her car “i love your 
Happy bday Han!! Thx for always bein the best and I hope you’re havin a lit day!
I mean...when you all get to see this...
Do you enjoy cartoons? How about cartoons made with love on a computer? Here's one I made called Meat Mysteries 
Great chat with 
Tiger may be back but I'm still all-consumed by the Royal Engagement.  I'm a lover of the love 
 Chef Gabe’s new special!!! Miso cod, roasted garlic, & spicy tomato dashi soup. Delish. 
Wishing Dick Clark a Happy Birthday on what would have been his 88th birthday! 
Girls, why not treat yourself to a relaxing massage this December? We have the girls from massage & glow coming to 
Thai iced tea 
Love you girl!!!    Cheers!!  
I highly recommend it! 
Happy Birthday to my boy band brother & one of the dearest friends I've ever had - 
Hey Chicago! My friend 
100% agree! 
Thank You 
Happy Birthday My Sweet Husband. I Love You 
Nathaniel’s story touched my heart & I feel so honored & moved to play a part in the journey of this incredible family. My son & I bonded over reading the book Wonder together, & were inspired to meet the real life strength & spirit of Nathaniel. Please tune in Friday 10/9c 
My heart is overwhelmed with so much love...Miss you all so much...It will all come together and will be reunited again!!..

Remembering Dick Clark, who we lost 5 years ago today.
A cultural & entertainment icon and true visionary. We miss you. 
 @Kehlani. Proud of you and all that you’re doing! Go Girl! 
My Lil Sis 
Happy Valentine's Day! Our special 
Folks!When you donate to 
Do you shop on 
 In honor of 
Im sooo happy this just arrived 
 is almost up! 
Appreciation post; s/o to these two! They've done so many things to get them where they are right now! These two always keep a smile in their face no matter what! Keep ur head up bc there's bigger things ahead of y'all! Love y'all so much
“It’s 
Its 
Make sure you do your 
Do your 
 is HERE! Support 
We can't wait for 
Found a little piece of home in D.C. 
 Holiday of Colors yesterday! 
These two 
I’m only here for good vibes and changing lives. 
your 2015 homecoming king and queen 
Some magic 
Minneapolis/St. Paul/Minnnesota! We are playing the gorgeous new Palace Theater and it's almost sold out! Come out! 
Michigan u were so wonderful to us! Chicago tonight ! Can't wait !!! 
Toronto , ......literally like Elio saying goodbye to Oliver. We gonna miss you! What an incredible evening 
Tied the #3 team in the nation 2-2 after double OT. Away. Goal. Proud of these guys. 
Today I can officially say that after her last scan, my amazing momma is cancer free! So proud of her
Love this team 
2 years since I put out my first ep. Thank you guys for listening and sticking w me. Endlessly thankful for you. 
The community support for the good work of 
New friends, old friends, long lost friends. We missed you Kingston. 
Have a great weekend of shows 
On getting the work done and holding it together (most days): 
HUGE Congrats to Assistant Coach 
Folks! What a beautiful thing.... go 
THIS is everything 
4 those of you that haven't had the privilege of coming to see MSU, this is how we do it in StarkVegas!
An entire city that 
Tonight I will be channelling my inner 
Good LORD that was good. Everything that music should be and more 
AUSTRALIA today is the last day to vote YES for Marriage Equality. please do your part and let us get hitched like the rest of ya 
 40% Off First Order: FIRST

 FLASH SALE! 45% Off: SLIM45

 Buy One Get One Free!

40% Off With Code: FIRST

40% Off Code: FIRST

45% OFF SALE 

FOR ONLY 6 HOURS

Access to safe 
Today when the world celebrates 
Awww, 
Just hanging with my new LA husband. 
Today the Community Service Club received its first Thank You note from our amazing City Year Team!
Thank you! I hadn't seen it until now. You and 
Great article about your son! 
Yes ma’am we’re going to bring it home for you guys thank you so much for supporting always Go Jags! 
When ya boyfriend out here putting in work 
Have 
Thank you JagNation 
I see you piggy!!!!! 
School is back in session tomorrow, October 17th. Can't wait to see all the smiling faces, parents and students
Texans have BIG hearts! 
TY 
 in all her Badu glory... can’t spell Badu w/o BAD... this is one of the baddest right here... made a sample collection of her dopeness*flyness from her 
Hit “
When you walk into your teachers’ lounge and it looks and feels like this. 
Best day ever! 
I have just started recording my Personal video messages with 
Shop 
A basket full of Htown! Y:Art, Highlandtown Gallery, 
My fav radio station, 
Have you stopped by to enter to win tickets to the 
Ugh! The most amazing! Ikettes deserve WAY more attention for their divine powers too. 
Last US run of the year. Starts tonight. 
Andrew at the 
Excited to share new music by our friend Maggie coming out Fri!!
Suzie, Andrew and Sarah can all be seen and heard on these new tracks!
YAY!!!!
This is what true love looks like...
Rehearsing with 
You can order one if you email lovingmaryband@gmail.com... We'll send you one in the mail!!
Happy Mother's Day to all the Moms out there. We 
Don't look now! 
Friends in the music and literary world, an RT of this video would be hugely appreciated 
She's a talented & gorgeous actor with a HUGE heart 
home. a huge thankyou to 
What a beautiful day celebrating with my family... missing two kids. Thank you to my amazing husband for making this a day to remember! So many blessings. I’m a lucky mama! 
Did you hear that? Toucans are among us! These big-beaked wonders go from tree to tree by hopping! How cute is that! 
L
O
V
E
S

YOU WIN 
Playing the 
It's Christmas! We hope your day is filled with love and joy with a dash of rock 'n' roll. With love from The Bowl family, to yours 
excited for NYE w 
last night with the charmers in 
God is a hideous woman 
Signed vinyls & unique polaroids from 
Rage time with 
Happy 12 weeks little Kit 
Lovely night out 
Looking forward to my Q&A 
THANK YOU!! 
So blessed to be living in time where 
Just played the Hordern Pavilion for 
Last night was nuts! Thanks everyone for coming early and selling out 
Doors open at 
This is gorgeous :-)
She was in my house you know, that 
It will be a good 25. I’ll come hang after the show 
My new album The Hype is officially available everywhere. Thank you 
Uh hello NSW?! Here's the second half of our upcoming tour with friends Sleep Club and Quiet Carriage 
4th anniversary (show) with Horror My Friend tonight at Crowbar 
Meet 
This is how books should look 
Dear Australia: Have faith. Love will win. Love always wins in the end 
Ahhhh 
 the master 
Thank you guys 
As ambassadors for 
Heard about this today 
Awwwwww!!!! I 
the best partnership.. gonna miss you both dancing this week
 thank you for following 
All I need a little smoke session and this song. 
Absolutely unbelievable thank you! 
Your support means absolutely everything to us!! 
Paris! See you on the 18th! 
Finally got myself a proper haircut. Thanks for the inspo 
Cant't wait to see you London! 
Quarter finals! I can’t believe it! 
Thank you so much that really means a lot to me! 
We are so honoured to a part of the release of the incredibly important film 
GQ ready 
Thanks for the info Ed!!!! I'll wait anxiously. Big big hugs from Brazil to everyone 
On this day in 1982, the jaws family lost editor Verna Fields. Verna won an Oscar for her extraordinary work on JAWS. RT to show Verna some 
What a week I’m having 
What Saturday Afternoon’s we’re made for. 
Stunning wreath by the very talented 
I carumba ..... 
I should bloody well think so 
So this is what I’ve been producing in Seoul! Can’t wait to get into the edit now & pull the doc together! Woooo! 
Watch this space 
Massive thanks to my friend 
Thank you for hosting!!!! 
Show your body some 
Had the best time with 
Cause I’m terrified to let you down
Love beer? Love Hackney! Our pick of local breweries to visit includes 
Little mans 1st game at Elland Road today 
Thinking of you all bro! He will be proud as punch up there.. 
Our order of Snowy Day stamps just came in from USPS. We'll be using them on thank you letters to our donors this season. 
Thanks for coming back tonight and live 
 if you're ready for a new episode of 
So happy to be here 
Just woke up to this lovely breakfast setting 
From backpacks to personal essentials, 
Did you know? Children enrolled in 
Smalll, but mighty. PBSA is celebrating 
Yummy yummy in my tummy! Thanks 
Much 
Technically it isn’t even a full day! 
Thank you for visiting 
What a sweet
Come as you are, 
Thx for the shoutout! Our 
We wish there was a way to 
Some of the causes that are near and dear to my 
1 LOVE TO ALL MY BLACK WOMEN AND MEN 
Relationships matter! 
SEL skills are life skills... 
this! This is the work that will move them forward 
Really enjoyed spending the weekend using data for good with 
 this awesome support! We are going to move the needle for SS achievement! Thank you team! 
Yes! We absolutely L
All Swag on sale on 7th Dec., But CUPS & ORNAMENTS are LIMITED,...So If You LOVE
Really proud to be nominated for the 
 Trip Fun 
We all 
Thankful for my 
Wow. What a morning. We're working with Supervisors from around the U.S. to discuss how to "teach" religious studies and engaged in powerful discussions around culture &a our responsibility as leaders. 
Our Content Coordinators have dived right in at the National S.Studies Supervisors Assoc. Conference. 4 days of intense PL, high-level courageous conversations & planning for district impact. 
This makes my 
Rivers Veterans Day Ceremony 
 my team!
It's the first day of the festive period! How will you focus on kindness this holiday season? We'd love to hear  
Arrays are drawers & linked lists are scattered boxes. Crazy metaphor that makes so much sense! Love this podcast 
A rallying call from 
A big thank you to the “BEST” counselor ever! We 
Busy morning here! We have 
Our new Sec. ELA coord. leads coaches in building a culture of writing! 
Yes, she is!
chopped it up with her today for a couple minutes
Oh. Feels. Lots of feels.

Microsoft-backed web linter sonar (
 Download our app and book a restaurant for the easiest (and tastiest!) way to make a difference. 
Happy Birthday baby 
I never thought it would be possible to love my job more and more each day! 
We have always had a great fondness for the Aussies.  
This girl Is something else!!!!! Love you 
Happy 3rd birthday to our nephew George!! You have grown a lot since that day!!!! 
A secret life is a good life 
I'm wearing my 
Can you believe poachers kill an African elephant every 26 minutes? Join me today on 
Mum, Dad, me and Aimee had the best time seeing 
Finally shared my experiences at 
Such a lovely review- thank you 
Tonight is a 
Thank you!! It was lovely to meet you 
K9 Lux 
 
[Mixtape] Young Dro - Day 3 :: 
s out to 
Thank you for having us on! 
Smino's Wild Irish Roses is hella comfortable in ma top 5 joints to drop this year 
 @ Silver Lake, Los Angeles 
Thinking of Aleppo...
When you try something new and let them use 
Please help if you can. 
Thank you Abby and Asia for making my day!! 
Show tonight in Kaunas, Lithuania! 
Our Community - Megwich - YouTube 
7th gradeTurkey Bowl TBT on Wednesday....
Oooh! Yes please!! X 
Drive through snow covered hills to Huddersfield took my breath away then 
Mayor 
Thank you again to everyone that helped make our 2017 speaker series so great!
Apaches supporting Apaches! Took 
"When I'm feeling good, Doc, I want to be next to you."

It's so good to see you, Eddie. 
Our pommie, Taylor is ready  and all smiles for the Homecoming Game on Saturday! Who else is excited?! 
thank you to everyone who came out to honor Chrissy’s beautiful life, she was taken from us too soon but she will never be forgotten
Panhellenic 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING YOU GUYS 
Screaming Happy Birthday Dom!! 
Today is MY 
Fun Fact: our Healthy Grains Maple Quinoa Clusters are a staple in 
A fun holiday look with 
Because twinning is winning! 
Our People are Amazing 
Commit to being more positive and you can rewire your brain to be happier
Heartfelt 
Falcon Shout Out to Mr. Estrada and his health class for using our action-based learning lab to learn more about 
We felt the 
Baby, all I want for Christmas is you. 
With the spirit of 
Proud of you Davis 
Without a doubt the most special show of my entire life. This guitar is now the best thing I own. Once again, Thank You PLANO. 
Thank you Dallas for the most incredible grand opening experience we could've asked for! They aren't lying about that Southern hospitality
We won Readers' Pick for Best Neighborhood! Thank you, people of 
happy birthday ily!!!
Hands down 
I love me some E.I. 
Black Friday deal. 
One month and a bit! 
YOU are. 
Why are we the cutest? I 
Fucking love this guy 
LOVE YOU MY BROTHER 
It is about us! 
The biggest 
Congratulations Young Lady 
a little family reunion 
I love the 
have you heard my latest joint, "Child's Play"? if you're on 
I'm so thankful to be a part of the Nike family. 
It’s ladies night! Joe’s heading to Chaptown & I’ll be covering NDP.  Highlights to follow! 
Best of luck tonight all teams hitting the hard wood! We wish we could be everywhere tonight.  
Happiness 
This pic made us smile. 
It's always fun serving coffee for 
First time back home in 3 years 
Thank you Gregory Gym
 happy birthday Katie!! Have the best day 
Happy 16th Birthday 
Supporting communities, meeting emerging talent and chatting about my experiences 
Calm after the storm.... I hope everyone is safe after 
Day two! Finals footy! Forever grateful to be back on the pitch with my talented team 
After 6 Days intense training what do 
These people make my heart so happy!!! 
The dance show is absolutely amazing!!! With 
Simply 
Love you brother
Happy (late) Birthday fuckboi!! Love you 
 Happy birthday!!! I hope you had a great day today! Miss you so much
Happy Birthday brother need to link soon 
love you to the moon and back 
 There is so much to see and do in this awesome city! Check out what the winners of the Pockets of Awesome... 
a moment dat i will never forget 
I am extremely excited to verbally commit to play volleyball at the University of Louisville. Thank you to my family, friends, and coaches who have helped me along the way with making this decision. Can't wait to be a Card! 
Officially A Wildcat!!
Happy Birthday Sammy! Hope you had a great day man! Miss you
 happy birthday 18yr old hope your day was as great as you:)
Awww
? Yes please! 
Today, 12/3 is the last day to participate in 
Have a great weekend 
 ummm got any advice? I say get that 
Happiest birthdays to one of my best friends
 happy late bday!!! Hope yesterday was the best day ever
 Alumni are off to an amazing start. Thank you to all who made it possible for them to be with us today!
Happy birthday dylan, much love 
Happy birthday D Kirke
 happy birthday dylan, love uu
Happy bday D-Kirke love u
 happy birthday dylan!! thank you for all you do for me have a great day!!!
Thank you Jackson
Thank you Izzy!
Thanks ruby much love
Thanks Lauren love ya
Thanks big bro
Happy birthday Kmuff love you brother 
Happy bday Duffy! It’s a full send today my dude
Fantastic University. So supportive. Thank you 
Missing Sleazy 
Cant wait for the Belfast gig to see all those amazing fans again it's been too long! 
Sid 
This is class!  Should be every week! So cool!  Well done Phil 
Just learned that 
Yes bro
Promote what you love instead of bashing what you hate. 
Love & Support from 
Gull: unaccompanied minors are a resource too for European countries, we have talents-Yes Gull! 
Delighted to announce we have just ordered a defibrillator after receiving funding from the 
..Dear aurelie.pearl 
Happy Birthday Ronan 
Everyone can you all pretty please go onto this link and vote for Stella Mann!! It’s to help fundraise for our graduation!!! 
I've 
The way that Kem asked Amber 
Q: Can we ever get enough of 
This melts my heart 
The bond between these two melts my heart 
Super proud of the girls 
Congrats Spongey 
This would not have been possible without my amazing teammates and coaches. Thank you Courage family! 
Pineapple looking all shiny and new after our face lift, including new windows in studios! Thanks to our members for being so patient while the works were carried out, and BIG thanks to the refurb crew for doing such a great job! 
Still hot online - 25% off all weekend! 
No code needed, 25% will disappear off your total at checkout! 
LOVING all the country stars at this years 
I'M SO EXCITED!!!!!!! Don't forget to watch my movie, "Road Less Traveled," on 
I CANT BELIEVE THIS IS HAPPENING. Watch my movie, "Road Less Traveled," on 
You Matter. 
So excited to get my 
Exhibition of 
Note to dads: create a bond with your daughter to where she feels like she can talk to you about her personal life, relationships, guys, etc. 
One of the best things in my life is my relationship with my dad...talking every night about life! 
Teamed up w 
I love ya, Cali 
 amazing pics x x x
Christmas sing along with my talented boys.  Talented daughter on taxi duty
Just to clear up any confusion! IF YOU CANT PAY YOU DONT PAY. It's that simple! Email Enquiries@rarestudioliverpool.co.uk to audition 
The always amazing Denise Welch Winter Ball with 
Home for Christmas 2017 
Local heroes and passionate supporters of ours come together February 9th. We'd 
The 'Between Us' team.

My 
 's lessons remind me why I started dancing 
KU FRIDAYS TONIGHT 11-3AM

Indie, Pop and Rock n Roll
DJ Lewis on decks 
The Stones - Rolling Stones Tribute Live this Saturday 
Today marks the end of my first term at 
First Carol Concert as a 
Couldn’t be anymore proud of this video and everyone involved. Happy thanksgiving 
Can't wait for this show with 
Dear sister... 
Reading these notes in the 
Now that I'm settled back in Istanbul just want to thank everyone that was a part of the Ring of Honor ceremony at ND this past weekend. My heart is still SO full. All my family, friends, coaches and everyone else that showed so much love. You are appreciated. 
Happy National Book Lovers Day! What's your favourite book quote?
Temi (founder 
Looking fwd to working with P2 and P3 classes tomorrow to share all the exciting resources in the 
So many awesome people in the same (green) room 
They're all winners!! 
This is Barry. He's the awesome rescue kitten keeping me company during 
It was amazing!! Well done girls! Really enjoyed it, yous don’t realise how empowering you all were 
Thanks a mill 
Can’t believe that I met 
what a CRAZY day!! insane!! thanks so much to everyone for being so lovely! 
If you see 
Thank YOU for all your support! 
Great performance from the lads tonight, buzzing with the clean sheet! Delighted for @NathanHolland45 making his debut!! 
She’s making meringue again 
Key messages:

Completely blown away by all the kind words I’ve received after winning Esports Photographer of the Year! Thank you all so much, I can’t tell you how much I appreciate it. Last night will stay with me forever 
We take home the 
HUGE THANKS to everyone who tuned in to the stream! We had lots of fun and we hope you did to! 
Huge package came in today 
Champions of 
Want to take the time to thank each and every one of you who clicked the link, replied, commented, retweeted... and just enjoyed it. Together you made my little article the most read piece on 
Really going to miss having 
If you are reading this 
All present for you today 
YESSSSS !! F2 world championnnnn!! 
Happy birthday, we miss you
It contains a super comfortable chair! Thanks 
Happy birthday to  my beautiful girlfriend 
They deserve it 
GG Brazil ! Holy Moly this game is so fucking beautiful and give in my career 10000000 hearts attack!!!! Someday we will back 
3 years since the accident. I was exactly at the same track as I am now when it happened. We miss you and we'll never forget you 
With one hour of sleep. Thank god for 
Happy birthday brother! 
Happy birthday to my friend 
Finished Alexstrasza 
1st place kills, 1st place overall. Thanks everyone for the support and love
8th place overall... didn’t perform as well as i wanted, made a lot of mistakes but nonetheless, got tons of support from good friends. Thank you everyone i won’t disappoint next time
 [Last Charity Stream] Cpt's Breezy Treasure Hunt for Save the Children!ヽ(♡‿♡)ノ

Today we reach Port Royal!


 [
 [No cam, got an eye infection] Leveling and chill, lets chat!ヽ(♡‿♡)ノ


 [PS4] Ezio goes to Egypt ヽ(♡‿♡)ノ


9. 
Got some time to write out more thoughts about this incredible weekend 
BLIZZCON HYPE!!! Rocked out in my Necro yesterday!!! Huge thanks to 
Wanted to let you guys know I will take a small break from streaming. The way I have been feeling lately is affecting both my stream and myself. Will be back sometime next week. 
Holy, I love this dev team so much 
Wow. I didn't see this coming at all. I am humbled and honored to have my peers think of me this way 
Rip internet. Was a good stream though. 

Thanks to everyone who hung out 
Aww! We love you, K-Mo! 
We like all the ones 
Day 1: Well, we're doing somethin' for all those gorgeous ears out there... 
We could smooch you a million times. 
So... you dig it? 
Departure day. America, you've been a blast as always. To my 
Got some really exciting news tonight 
So, this went live late last night. 
Participating in this wonderful charity event in a few mins! Please RT 
I've got the rare afternoon stream LIVE NOW Come for some feels :D 
I am LIVE with magical music 
I am a part of this charity stream, and super excited about it! I would appreciate it my followers would follow the Twitch channel! My time slot is set for Sun morning at 7am. 
 Cool site!)
Daily Giveaway RT + follow 
Hey guys, just reminding that there won't be a stream tomorrow. See you on monday! 
Thanks for keeping it Flashy 
Thanks for all the love 
I'm overwhelmed with the response on the Horizon Zero Dawn drawing. It's amazing to see how traditional pencil drawings are appreciated in this digital world we live in, thank you all so much 
The wait is over, my first project EVER 'Still Lost' is now available for Pre-Order!!! 
Remember to join our official discord! 
Most important selfie ever 
Reached my first 10k Plays on 
I’m grinch AF, but 
Go in and leave a like+comment! 
Thank you for 175 subs!! 
We’re growing slowly but steadily! 
 I couldn't make it to London, but Rummie brought happiness to my heart, thank you very much man I love you very much man 
We can't be more PROUD of the player representing 
New Wallpapers!
For: 
I still 
Gaws when I get home 
It LOVES YOU. and I love you. 
good morning 
Time for a quick giveaway! Winner’s choice! Follow & RT for a chance to win! 
Everyone will be rewarded tomorrow. Votes and first rt!

Don't forget to show proof in dm! 
Clean Twitch package.
It is up for SALE

Full customization available 
DM if interested

RT and LIKES are awesome 
IM LIVE just chilling in the afternoon preparing to stream 
I found you 
I am proud to announce that I’ve joined 
Actives for some fun... 
Follow everyone who likes and RTS this
Help me beat oxalate! RT and follow 
If you think I’m legit then hit RT and like this post. Show me some love 
Another incredible HomeStory Cup XVI powered by 
When you 
Very long streams are the ones I love!
Hi guys my friend just made this video... please check it out 
Small Giveaway
True friendship 
If you're still looking for tickets, grab yours here: 

New D3 book is out now! 
A PICTURE SAYS A THOUSAND WORDS 
That "5 minutes chat" with a developer. 
There are also some SADS UK Badges and Bands on sale for £1at the astroturf or SDP. 
Don’t forget it’s non uniform day tomorrow for everyone! A donation of £1 is asked to raise money for the year 10s charity SADS UK 
Our very 1st Ride for a Child, Victoria! This warrior princess has bravely battled brain cancer for 11 years, and has benefited from research Pedal the Cause funded at 
Music from the 
Hey Ottawa! We need your help! PLS RT & sign your name to improve care for kids 
I give a SUPER SPECIAL SHOUTOUT to real-life 
My legendary Wife doing legendary things with a Legend
Just seen this politically incorrect, rude little, animal loving, funny fucker 
My brother’s birthday is tomorrow!!! Robert has made us laugh and smile every day since he was tiny. I love this photo of him wrapped up in one of his favourite blankets. Too cute!! I’ll be sharing all of my favourite photos of Robert to celebrate his 14th birthday. 
Tomorrow we celebrate my amazing brother’s 14th birthday. I’ll be sharing some of my favourite memories of Robert over the years. Stay tuned for some very special 
A present from 
Kanye’s ‘I feel like that’ reminds me to not be cynical or distrust pure emotional outpour. Life affirming song. 
COMPETITION TIME
Jamaica Queens join us tonight for our annual community tree lighting in 
This lil cutie is reaching for the star & the other one 
Perfect hangover cure from 
At the inaugural 
Are you following along with 
Rowan and I decided to bake holiday cookies before the episode aired tonight. We got in some great Mommy-Rowan time. 
Its world Aids day on Friday. Today i visited 
Scotland 
Their clothes make me feel so cute and powerful at the same time 
Playing at Nii Moscow.  Thank you Oleg, Lucy & Sasha
Let's show BIG love for the brilliant 
 Thank you for a great set with 
What an honour to chair the AGM for 
My lovely sister Rosemary and I cebrating her 75th birthday 
Little things in our eyes can be seen as big things in others. Let’s be kind 
Tell us: Between you and your kiddos, who's more excited to see the iconic 
I love my job 
Liverpool...thanks to everyone who came! Was amazing to see you my friends!
First show in 
Australia 
A lovely thing to wake up to from me arrl mate. 
Roll on Saturday night 
Loved last night's gig 
Lovely wedding gig 
Great picture of my 
Brilliantly passionate evening tonight 
A big massive Well done to all my 
WOW !!!! 
So proud watching Tilly compete in The World Tap Championships 
Queen and Princess 
Today Bello Sole went to his new home with Caroline Russell. Since coming to us from 
Are you a racehorse or OTT owner? Check out how we can help you with preparing your horse for its next chapter in life 
Staffs gave me amazing memories and helped me become me...& feed my psych addiction! 
Happy 3rd Anniversary to the love of my life, my wife, my bubby 
Trap for fools 
moulinrouge_official in Paris 
Flying to 
Winx stepping out for a gallop 
Honored to have hosted the 
Thank you for sharing the love
Love these women. 
 new music by David Lee Murphy = !!!!!
Eagle Rock locals, if you enjoy great food and Jazz 
Sad news...  Thank you Bob Barry for the beautiful memory 
 this!
 GIVING UPDATE: $21,130 raised for 
... and this is life 
When you marry - Make sure you marry a SOLDIER . I’m always working hard to build a better future for this beautiful lady & our kids 
Grew up watching this show, love that it's coming back in 2018!!! 
My sweet pal 
My brother for life. 
Be great young king 
The world needs to watch this 
Congratulations @nadiakassemma ! 
Thank you very much for the support everyone 
We're jamming some 
Happy valentines 
Kendall Jenner's new Instagram video is just too much
This puppy couldn't stop crying out in pain when anyone came near him because he'd never felt a gentle touch. But then he met this woman 
It is a huge myth that only 
Fight of the night was 
Lifting some heavy shit at my meet so far killed Squats killed Bench DEADLIFTS are next...LES GO 
When you order 
Life is always good when you have a pizza partner 
The debut. The fans. The noise. 

Something I'll never forget 
The best Seconds Out pic I’ve seen... our wee buddy Alex is a proper fighter. He’s only 5 and has a brain tumour called DIPG. Check out Action for Alex on Facebook for more info & ways to help his treatment 
A life without JESUS is no life at all,
I'd give everything for a moment in his company! Jesus=
Literally just listening thinking the same thing. Every artist fully delivered & the nostalgia is very real right now! 
NEWS we think Rosie is very near 
Available on 
RETWEEEEET this tweet if you want a follow from us. 

Especially if you haven't got one over the last few years 
MORNING! Have an amazing day everyone. Thanks for everything you do for us three. We love ya big time. 
Hey guys, happy Sunday. 
So excited to let you know that I’m part of a special fitness book. Which is of course about trying to get lean, but also being HAPPY.......head over to 
Happy Monday everyone 
This year began with my dad mentally suffering depression and suicide attempt. Today he ends the year starting his new career in becoming a recovery support worker.  Words can’t describe how proud we are 
HEY GUYS 
HOW ARE YOU ALL???? Tweeting you all back!! Josh 
Ain’t nobody messin with my ma’ fucken clique 
So this just happened....and it felt surreal.
Thanks for the 
Searching for the ultimate foodie Christmas present? I’m now taking private dining bookings for 2018! Contact me via my website: 
Just got back from Vegas this evening, have to say the best experience of my life 
 booked my tickets for 3 different cities why? Cause I want to and I want to show my support. See you soon ALI
Benidorm was thrilled to be included in last night's Royal Variety Performance.  The sketch wasn't listed in the programme so it could be a surprise and the audience reaction was amazing!! Now we CAN'T WAIT for 
If you want to come winter wonderland with the gang, go and subscribe to 
 i’m still in shock i can’t believe harris is getting married! 
Bradley Walsh you are a STAR! Just keep being you..you are a legend 
 my job! 
LOVEEEEEE!!!!! All the support means so much I swear. Thank youuu. 
Basically I'm shook lol, especially coz I know how judgmental social media is. I'll need to do it in a long video so I'll be posting what I have to say on YouTube soon (in the next couple days)
 by tonight 
 THIS ONE ACTUALLY FINISHED ME!!!! RETWEEET!!! 
Issa bro thing
Love to everyone that came today bmt it was lit 
Productive morning today campaigning to 
Big thank you to all of our food vendors 
Huge thank you to everyone that joined us 
  it's just a different love 
Can’t wait to be apart of Chorley handmade  this Saturday 
What a day! We sold out of trees by 2.30! Many thanks to the entire HGCA team.
What a school can look like that is designed for 
Psssst 
; thx 4 acknowledging me & 
WOW I am a very lucky girl
So sad to hear of the loss of such an inspirational man Adrian Melia. I was privileged to be asked to be part of the 'Question of Sport' fundraiser evening for Adrian in June of this year. My thoughts are with Adrian's family and his partner Jeannie. Rest in love Adrian 
Perfect! Sunrise over Glasgow. I just love 
So happy to be at the 
Yes!!!! Hooray! Congrats 
Amazing work thank you so much for all the fundraising efforts 
Great to see Barretstown was one of 
Looks fab ! Well done 
A massive thank you to everyone who came out to the Barretstown Winter Wonderland! It was amazing to have so many families on site who got to experience the magic of Barretstown 
Every now & then in your life you need help as does this lad 
We are so proud to share our latest episode with you - a trans rights special with 
Desapointed about the result, but happy to score at Veltins thanks to the fan ... This goal is for my little sister happy birthday my baby Wassila 
6 months from now you can be in a completely different space, mentally, spiritually, & financially. Keep working & believing in yourself. 
Delighted to be here at Building Intercom tonight at Vicar St! 
Woohoo! Aw, thank you so much Kathleen! We'll keep getting stronger if the spirit & talent of our youngsters in the community is anything to go by! 
We're all a-flurry here in Milennium Theatre in 
Special thanks for your reviews of our Caviar Enrich Eye Cream. 

 corned 
hello dog lovers: I have this (unused) gilet that doesn’t fit maddie - the sizing was off and it’s too tight (she is 42 chest) if this would fit your dog (or if you foster dogs and would like a coat) let me know + I will post it free of charge 
In good company with the fab 
Rounding off 
What an honour to be sharing this list. All on my 'to be read' for Christmas...
And lots of 
It was great to be here, thank you Guadalajara! 
There's still tickets left for the 16th of December when we'll be playing with Skerryvore and Inyal in Forfar: 

You can add The Storm Runner to your 
You guys, we were stalking our page so closely and you silently pushed us past the $400,000 mark and never told us!!

You're the BEST! 
"self respect, its source, its power". I 
Book Outlet is selling The Official Mortal Instruments coloring book for just $6.39 right now!
Thank you, 
Had a brilliant weekend with these 2 
We’re feeling the 
Looking forward to hearing what 
a beautiful customer pic via 
We dined, we wined and we danced!! Highly rate these cruises! 
Last week our son turned 6. 
Ending this 
Thank you for having faith in our students and inspiring them everyday! We 
Yesterday I had a meltdown. It's 
 My 4 legged godchild and my 2 legged godchild are inseparable! Love at first sight 
Proud and honoured to be apart of this 
This HAS to be my favourite Christmas jumper of all time!!! I absolutely LOVE it. Thank you 
Ever wonder who’s preparing your child’s meals in 
When students write letters asking to have lunch with you- 
A family ramble 
Absolutely phenomenal as usual 
PreK-5 ELA Coaching Academy. Love our Collaborations and Conversations in Network 1. 
The most impactful act of life-changing educators is showing 
 continues to strengthen my resolve to be the best version of myself and to find the good in the world. Thank you Marialice and Bronwyn for being the terrific, inspirational, loving people who you are
I feel like I've been on tour with 
Yomarie 
Our very own Yomarie! 
Thank you for sharing this. This will help hugely with reaching more people 
Your festivities, food and friendship sounds like a much needed project 
A rare beautiful, positive, wonderful thing on Twitter. 
Your vote would be appreciated!! Thanks, D 
Despite the disappointments. I will always support my family. 
GUYS I HAVE SHIRTS !!! 
Legendary classic T&G staffers past & present. 
Any bloggers in the northwest area HMU 
Starting my Saturday right with day 1 of 
Browsing on the new site 
I love vlogmas, but it’s so hard to keep up with everyone. 
Love seeing all your photos! Keep it up guys!
"Instead of being threatened by her teammates’ growing accomplishments, 
When you meet someone who doesn't care about your past because they want to be in your future. 

Take a moment each morning to cuddle and kiss. 
“Be annoying. Get the pictures. One of them will be your last.” 
Your dad and I laughter 
Ooh - look what's just arrived... the best gin in the world! 
Say hello and share the 
Same location, different perspective - treasured memory of one of my best 
My two copy helpers today!!!
Hands on Broward is working hard with Team McNicol today making improvements around campus!!!
Hawks had a blast at today’s Aviation Expo!!!!
Best PTSA President and staff EVER! Getting ready for our new front office 
Super excited to find a new Hawk today!
Magnet Window opens today!!!! Now is your chance to be a Hawk!!!’
Waiting for the holidays!!!
Shopping for high schools today at McNicol!!!
Hawks participated in a Mock  Trial today at the courthouse!
HERO Social.... celebrating our students who are making positive choices!!!!
Montreal 
It’s again that time of the year 
Former First Lady walked off the stage with an orange t-shirt that said, Every Child Matters. Thank you, Chief Stacey Laforme. 
It all makes sense now! 

We just spent almost 30-min talking w/ 
The secret is out! It is official the 2018 
Manatees just steal our 
So many lost to this hideous disease. 
Totally got one last weekend 
Happy birthday to my fav person ever
I’m so thankful for my mother and grateful for all the inspiration and encouragement she’s offered me through the years. 
What a fantastic reading spot! 
North Hansen is one of those songs you can never get tired of. 
@stickleymusic and 
Montrealers with a passion for 
So young but his vocals are amazing 
Little girl who's battling a rare blood disorder sings her favorite song "Overcomer" 
The most fabulous cartoon ever! By 
A night out with my man 
Hubby's back! Taking a few minutes to watch the sunset at the neighborhood lake 
At Smith's, our team is our family. We'll be closing at 4 p.m. on Thanksgiving Day so that our Smith's family can spend time with their own families and loved ones. We wish a very happy holiday and a delicious meal to all of our shoppers! 
Can’t wait to see you in December 
My beautiful fiancé 
Grand FINALE !!! My best friend is going to win $1,000,000! Please vote!
Cleveland, was that real life? Thank you for being you 
Language Rediscovered is chillin at #2 on iTunes metal and #20 on Rock. Thank you all 
Check this out everyone an awesome review of 
LF 1 w/ @Panema17 
Thank You Treble for including us in your top 20 Metal Albums of 2017! 
When you are enthusiastic about what you do, you feel this positive energy! It’s that simple :) Good morning 
Late night hang at HQ with antoninaskobina and denys_drozdyuk of dna_denysantonina 
Family rig 
 MERRY CHRISTMAS FROM ME TO YOU... HERES A NEW ONE 
WINNER!!! Congrats to 
LF2 w/ 
Don't forget to find your 
Give thanks by giving back.
Good luck this weekend 
Thank you London.  That meant so much. 
I like this 
nvm guys, team told me im the best player in the world and they cant win a single official without me, so we gucci
thanks for RTs tho!!!
This proud pup makes my heart swoon. 
Mud Golem appreciation tweet.  Remember, Golems matter too. 
Dallas, I love you. Thank you for another unforgettable night! And thank you 
;-; you guys are the best. Thank you so much! 
The best at last 
Today is our last day in Busan. Those 5days were unforgettable! Love you all
That's a wrap! Thank you 
Howard University Homecoming though... sheeeeeeesh 
This tournament is so much fun and such a good cause. Please everybody try and make it if you are in Vegas! 
Thank you for the cute pets!  Make the dark, spooky house a little bit better 
Okay well here's where I'm at, since nobody asked:


Today, we are 'berry' thankful for YOU! 
SLASH 2: THIRST BLOOD, the sequel to 
 you, 
I’m happy that I donated to 
Always lovely to notice the small things 
Love these people 
SPIKENY maisonvalentino Love dancing my way through the new Valentino pop up shop 
Happy birthday gonzalogarcia79 You have no idea how much your friendship means to me 
Very pleased to see that June Foray got a nice nod in the In Memoriam section of the Emmy's tonight. Would have made her very proud! 
Look at all these adorable 
I'm casting deer spells- RT to turn into a deer! 
Home 
Great Morning Motivation as Always 
The Scottish treasure!!@cargillmezzo this woman has made my week!! She is real, she is fierce and she sing the paint off the walls. 
Full marks in our joker round at the 
We hosted our worlds themed welcome drinks last night - all of our girls looked amazing representing the different nations! 
Great This Girl Can session, thanks to everyone who joined our display training
Safe trip guys 
First family photo with the twins 
Hello Bath! 
Amazing poinsettia door jewellery - now in! Made in Bath 
Fresh from 
Part 3 in 1 hour..... 
i know it doesn't matter and that the trending page isn't always accurate, but having a video with my mom that's so personal on the trending page feels really special. thanks mom for always inspiring me. 
Friends I've just landed my 1st publishing deal. Thanks  
You are amazing!
Love love love this! Was such a life changing experience. Thanks 
Such a busy day! Leading Form time on youth politics, a well behaved (!!!!!!!!) Y8 lesson, assessment marking (my lot have done fairly well, which I'm over the moon about!) and a departmental meeting! Really felt like a proper teacher today 
My lessons learned from 3 changemakers 
Excited to read 
If you missed Neneh's story on 
Long live 
Crowdfunding link for THE COLOUR OF MADNESS is 
More generous donations to our CF campaign.  If you contribute remember it’s YOUR book too.
You have made the difference. Thank you 
 Bro...... who jah bless I say no man curse! 
This powerhouse female in a little over a year has gained a huge following. 
HAD THE BEST TIME 
SYDNEY I 
Even pets deserve a merry Christmas 
So let's start spreading the Christmas Cheer! 
 Very proud of the team at Ullacombe Farm Shop & Barn Cafe... this year we have raised a whopping £1978.63 from... 
A fabulous night at the launch of 
Baby you bring me JOY! 
when ball is life 
This message
Completely lost in a wee moment mate. Such a special night 
Thanks for the memories, 
RAY BLK 
Moses Sumney 
Djing at Paradise Palms in Edinburgh 11-1am tonight 
Incredibly proud and excited to be able to share this.

Lone - DJ Kicks. 

September 29. 

Preorder: 
 mexico city. thanks everyone at 
Thank you so much kind CDMX audience at 
Our debut album proper: Colón Man out now on DDS 
So proud of you 
 Simone Weil forever.
UR was everything I could have dreamed and more thank you 
Nice Snail Mail Today!
Thanks for the play 
I STAND WITH LIDO PIMIENTA 
Thank you for your support - we will miss you. onwards and upwards 
Dear Friend, Meet the cast of Too Old To Die Young..! 
We're all about women supporting women and we 
How Ellen DeGeneres convinced 
Time to open the first window of my fabulous 
Well, that was great fun ...thank you 
Thank you for having me sis, I thoroughly enjoyed it. 
On the way to meet up with 
Thank you to all those who have supported the soft launch of my new venture 
Thank you boo appreciate the love 
Thursday. 
We honestly love what we do!! 
You’re looking like a queen 
So happy with the feedback on my new clothing line with 
I love this song! 
Great show. Great post-show. 
We’re still crushing on this image of one of Africa’s best for Wow magazine
Always rent hat I love you 
God bless Nigeria! God bless you 
We are a 1000 followers strong! We thank you! Dont forget your pre orders for Christmas; Stock is going fast! 
king baby coming home! 
You are the mint to my mojito"
Thankyouu! 
Never doubt that we are constantly looking for ways to make your shopping experience better
[1] 1) As a Christian and a feminist (& a human being) this breaks my 
Happy birthday to my beautiful sister .... I love you NSB
We live in 
Uncle Kathy used to love telling this story. Extract from 
Thanks Mark 
Highlight of my day was the free parking at 
If you have met this special lady, like 
It just doesn't get old 
Big congratulations to our tour guide Neil Munro on his wedding to Maria yesterday! 
In El Cartel we 
Thanks for the Friday love 
Those who know, know! 
Mooi Dems!!! 
 Thank you 
Congrats, all. Wishing you an fun and fulfilling outing.
The world just became a better place 
1. What It Means When A Man Falls From The Sky - Lesley Nneka Arimah
2. Bury Me Come Sunday Afternoon - Nike Campbell-Fatoki
3. Welcome To Lagos - Chibundu Onuzo

Thank you 
Finally. Tonight. A sip and chat with my professional crush, his royal highness 
 is honored to participate in The Poetry Coalition - which seeks to increase the visibility of the art form and demonstrate its unique ability to spark dialogue and encourage empathy. 
Planning for March 2018!!!

My absolute pleasure 
Today, we're at 
Rihanna - Needed Me
I had the most wonderful time chatting to the gorgeous 
Sharpies at the ready! 
Inspired by the legacy of Rosa Parks & 
What? So cool! 
Always have so much fun playing in Nottingham 
Thankssss 
LEEDS I am in u 
babeeee 
Ah thanks so much! 
Everyone in my train car has arrived at an unspoken agreement that even though this is not the Quiet Car, it will be *a* quiet car. 
ibiza recall is this Friday 
Playing at helenebeachfestivalofficial 
Thank you to everyone who came to BRICKLIVE! That’s our final show finished! Thank you for an amazing few days!
Yesterday night 
Safe 2 say we smashed it 
Sunday Funday 
That save me every mornings 
Old School Scratch Training! 
Another Scratch Training! 
The man never fails to impress
Happy bday to you my love! You are everything to me 
Hangover free mornings 
Nature beat this morning 
Ready to close put the weekend dancing in my favourite basement 
Maddd! Just been told 45,000 people watched my set on the 
This this this 
You too mate 
Glad you’re feeling the show lovely 
Big ups Simon 
we love you guys 
I'm back in Nairobi from 
Send in The Girls - The Wild Bunch
 (1978) Part 3

Day off with my babes alexandra_margo 
I’ve been nominated in the 
Totally over the moon, I’ve placed 5th in the ‘Best New Drummer’ 
Thinkin about school lockers & how much I don’t miss them/anything about school in general... Then remembering my biggest life achievement so far of never sitting behind a desk in an office. When I’m dead il be so happy about that. 
More wonderful news today....we are thrilled to welcome 
Words from the great 
Last night playlist 
new song out on 
 Please RT me and 
 Happy Anniversary Cara Mia 
Can’t BELIEVE I just got to play at 
Tonight is my last gig in Dublin for 2017. 
Local Garda said to me that there’s people spilling in the doors to register to vote. 
Queen Zuri put a song out today I’ve been waiting for this 
After a whirlwind 48 hrs where I ended up flying into Dublin beside 
These guys! 
Merry Christmas to everyone! Hope ye have a great day! 
Thanks so much everyone for supporting the single! Ye are legends!
 Lie is on Vimeo too friends !!! 
Still in love w 
 Sundays 
Got a 
Certified chicken burger 
Check it out - Theresa and Thomas from our Centre in 
They're all gorgeous 
62nd CORK FILM FESTIVAL opens today. Here is 1st weekend's screenings... Book online at 
One of our tapas from our Christmas menu - Winter Bruschetta with Ricotta, peas and chives 
Feeling all Christmassy 
We serve a delicious selection of fresh baked treats our secrecy ingredient is 
Our Christmas TAPAS Menu & some mince pies 
One of our previous tapas specials ! Grilled salmon with a butternut squash and thyme salsa 
Already thinking about breakfast? Come get our famous Parlour Benedict we’re open from 9am 
Oooh ! Check out our tastey CHRISTMAS menu! Book NOW to avoid disappointment 
One of our previous tapas dessert specials a trio of truffles 
Have you tried our super popular roast chicken sambo with coleslaw yet? We think you should! 
Wednesday night 
With her uniquely morose stylings, the witty and wonderful 
Welcome to our Postgraduate Open Day! Here’s a glimpse of the city we call home. We think you’ll love it as much as we do! 
Filmonik Melbourne loves 
There's still time to give your unsung tenant heroes the recognition they deserve in championing grass-roots led social action 
Donate up to £10 to us from today it will be DOUBLED to help us provide a free Santa's Grotto for local kids. 
I trust you all had a great evening 
We're happy to call this place home 
Thank you to everyone who made a gift this 
 baking with friends!

• All-Butter Flaky Pie Dough
• Cranberry Apple Galette
• Dark Chocolate Pecan Pie


BREAKING NEWS! Following 
Everytime I come back 
So much goodness in our schools! Thank you 
Thank you very much much 
Go on the boys!!! 
Proud to support a club that supports their own in return, and gives to such a fantastic cause. 
Excited to announce I'm releasing my new single on FRIDAY 1 DECEMBER!!
New music video coming VERY soon – keep your eyes peeled... 
Great feel good vibes from 
Creative as ever 
Great win today 
Happy birthday to my bebe 
Mr and Mrs Dundalk Sport celebrating the wedding anniversary in South County Dublin. 
Thanks to the A&E team at 
U love house n u dont even know it yet 
This is lovely! 
my parents on the phone after they made me 
You know I got mad love for you guys for this 
Thank you family 
LACA BLOODCLART ZETTE 
Yes this is the time of year we really need it! 
Everyone welcome, especially mum's in need of some me-time! 
 Rugby 
Happy birthday @demibullen hope you have a good day  
Happy birthday kdog 
This Weekend 
Literally 
Horrible to see what has happened in 
If you 
It is not
what you have
but what you give
that tells
how 
A note for those booked to come to our cancelled 
Me and my dad bk in the day at Disney 
Official Grafton Street Christmas light switch on last night, 
When sending a message to someone saying "We need to talk", please provide some context.

You can say "It's nothing urgent" or "It's about [x]".

For people suffering from anxiety, providing no context can raise unnecessary red flags & cause serious stress.

Thank you 
Fill this 
 love your Christmas tree like you love 
Alumni Natalie Bennyworth ex jazz company and Seedtimer 
You’re amazing! Thank you! 
Absolutely delighted to be nominated by the critics circle 
My guide to the best alternative Christmas events in Oxfordshire kicks off tomorrow with 
Excited to see 
Having the most amazing time performing as Emily in 
So excited & so close to the stage! Come on Celine Dion 
Great event coming up 
SceneStar with Martin tonight from 9pm

Until then, fresh food made to order

Open till late

We
Tonight we bring you SceneStar!

Food served till 9pm

Open till late

We
Share the 
Easy run with my training partners 
Thanks to everyone who is helping us bring a better future to kids like these!

Guys. Our dear friends want to adopt a baby. Please pray about helping them. These are wonderful people.
Sending love and support 
Why I love soccer. 
 AGM panel discussion. High level of sole/small charity fundraisers means we are good at sector support and shares learning. 
part 2 - Whatever He calls you to, you can be sure, if you follow Him you will be filled with Joy, you will help others, and it will be the best.  Let no fear stand in the way of His voice. Following that Voice will give you the best life ever.
Living your life open handed to God is wild. You never know what he has for you. But you ALWAYS know you’ll have the grace for whatever it is. If God calls you to live in a hut in poverty you will be happier than a mansion in luxury.
Valentine's knickers at a special price of £15 boxed with a 
Brilliant work from lovely 
I just finished my first ever storyboard test! 
Thanks again Zak for using your pocket money to help others 
Help me do what I love and hire me to take some photos 
Thank you :)
Get a chance to learn more about Princess Milenda from Desert Jewel
Hey there, friends who tweet! Did you know that I'm also on Instagram? Well I am, and I'd love to hang with you there as well as here. 
The last few days have been truly inspiring at our staff away days! It was full of the most amazing people I have ever worked with!! Even more excited to start working with my amazing sidekick Lisa !! 
We still have places left in our 
The American edition of my novel Lola's Secret is a featured title on 
Surprise! 

A completely re-edited version of our old episode The Time Traveler's Convention is out today on the BBC's Short Cuts. 


Beautiful Angela! 
 this
9 days to release ! 
Cillian Murphy and Enda Walsh announce new theatre work! Waking up to this news makes my heart sing ! What a treat we have in store 
Wonderful news ! So well deserved for the magic and miracles they have brought to so many of us 
Ahead of her Dublin gig next week... tune in to the arts show on 
Girl is off to the 
Retweeted Enfield Town Market (
Travels well 
 this one! 

 ‘STEVEE THE JUNCTION REMIX’ di 
Slayer - "Raining Blood" (1986) 
Loved this 
Be kind. Because it makes the heart happy 
The most beautiful thread you will read this advent. 
Oliver Callan is the King of Comedians & he is a joy to watch & listen to week in & week out & you will never grow tired of his content 
C'mon 
Get Reading Folks and Join is on Dec 14th 
So proud to be part of the 
One of the biggest honors ever
happiest of bdays to my best friend 
ty for my awesome family who surprised me at my game in maryland!! y'all are the real mvps
Nice people I used to sell records to who might give 
Watch out for 
I done a mini vision board and law of attraction diary planning for 2018 
A Beautiful Production! Epic performances from cast & orchestra 
Lovely day yesterday meeting this years Panto family 
Grrr8 day with 
Thanks for sharing the 
back in the day, i used to work our annual booth at 
proud to partner with 
'd the spirit of this year's 
Thank you so much!! 
I’ve missed having Shady Wake Pecan Pie from 
There's so much negativity online at the moment so I'm going to leave this here for those that need it 
I mean... 
Makes me happy to know that restaurants support their local theatre 
BEST. NEWS. EVER. 
Hello! I led the product design for Etsy’s Holiday Gift Guide with a team of talented people including pm’s, merch, marketing, managers, directors, brand, design, & engineers—especially lead 
Some cheeseball we picked up on the road!  Says he is a male entertainer or something!  LOL 
Nearly 100 matches made & the good news sent to students & their new mentors this weekend & it's the best feeling. Good morning! Please support this wonderful thing: 
Shopping with a purpose 
Isn't it beautiful? Thanks for sharing this story with us! And thank you for introducing your daughter to the arts and the BMA at an early age. 
Guess what?! Thank you 
Thank you for having me on the 
Thank you to my amazing glam squad 
I'm on the 
Woah!! Never expected it to be up there with the pop stars! Thank you for buying it guys, only been out 3 days. Bloody love u lot 
Hope you all enjoyed my 
Thank you to everyone who donated for 
Raymond, you are a true leader! Thank you for sharing about Point. We're so grateful for your support. 
Wonderful interview ... inspiring as always and I hope we always have your voice to encourage. 
I watched it yesterday and I loved it!! Thank you for always inspiring us with your words
Love this interview, thank you both! Lance, you’re always so inspiring to listen to 
WTF!

Oreo Chocolate Brownie by 
When you can taste Christmas 
Such a Great time on 
Sun Don't Shine is on 
Life is better when you’re laughing! 
Happy 
Just seen this politically incorrect, rude little, animal loving, funny fucker 
My brother’s birthday is tomorrow!!! Robert has made us laugh and smile every day since he was tiny. I love this photo of him wrapped up in one of his favourite blankets. Too cute!! I’ll be sharing all of my favourite photos of Robert to celebrate his 14th birthday. 
Tomorrow we celebrate my amazing brother’s 14th birthday. I’ll be sharing some of my favourite memories of Robert over the years. Stay tuned for some very special 
out now in stores. signed copies are still available via the link in the bio. 
Broken Flowers is on sale for $3. via the link on the bio. 
Yayeeeeee!! Thaaaank you 
Yessssss she would be thrilled, she's probably celebrating up there! You make her proud dee! 
So amazing and a big privilege to meet you and hear you speak 
You've all welcomed me and sent me so much love everyday. It means the world! 
Never x
Absolutely gorgeous 
Seriously 
Proud and honoured to be apart of this 
 x about last night x
This melts my heart 
Hug time
Always (trying) to help Robert capture the perfect photo! This is me holding a leaf in the wind for a good macro picture...
Celebrating Robert and his 14th birthday today! Love you so much, Robert !!
My brother really is the greatest photographer. I love this photo of Robert from years ago with one of his first cameras and now with his extraordinary Canon setup. He amazes me every day and today is his birthday!!! 
Happy Birthday, Robert 
John Sutton is eager to strike up new combinations with incoming recruit Dane Gagai! 
Our 
Doesn't matter what kit you're wearing 
Thank you so much everyone for all your lovely wishes! 
Souths Cares and 
Way too excited to see 
Its always so nice to see you 
Today is our day ! Happy Children’s day to all my friends 
Learning from the best 
Cracking me and India up ... 
 bommmzzzziiieeeee ... 
Please read and if possible dig deep for a great cause. 
Popped in to Parliament House,as you do, to see Senator Dean Smith on this historic day when 
Fan
Happy thanksgiving everyone 
I'm always so humbled to be in your presence 
Gentle giant 
Congratulations Kim to you and your family on your new arrival
How good is this 
Pertinent 
1 million IG followers just in time for my 
Hey friends! All the votes are in, and we are so excited to share the WINNERS of our National 
Oh Aunt Bethany how I adore you 
Here’s a way to help support women in need this season. Purchase a wrap at 
Gifts for the dairy lovers in your life: 12 kitchen gadgets they'll 
The players in Dottie’s soccer game sound like 1956 bridge players: Maeve, Helen, Gigi, Coco, Lulu and Alice (
There's still time this 
Today is 
Wow the internet has gone mad for 
This is my chum 
 this 
Cupcake delivery just made our Thursday 
For the perfect pre-baby getaway check out 
 watching last nights episode right now since I missed it due to work. You are amazing as always. I am all smiles. You are the best ever!!! 
Well today turned out completely different from a normal match day! Things like this just cements my love for the club even more 
Just popped into Teds grooming Rm winner of Wahl British barbershop of the year 2016 & 2017 for a little champers 
Surprise gift from the 
Class reunion with my beautiful family 
Why "Shameless Self Promotion" needs to go. 
No idea but find someone in life that looks at you the way he does.. 
Treat the ones you love to an Issho gift card this Christmas.
Tonight is the night! Watch my duet of “Baby it’s cold outside” with 
Wishing everyone a happy and healthy Thanksgiving! So beyond grateful today.. 
Perfect for when I go back to the gym  after Christmas so fingers crossed 
I’m a celeb had addressed so many serious topics this year: anxiety, depression, suicide, addiction...they’re all so brave
Still a few tickets left for my Topshop meet and greet and event this Tuesday, hosting it in their amazing Leeds store. Who’s coming along??? 
Three test matches. Three different challenges and three wins. Shout out to 
They just finished their races. And then got engaged. 
Absolutely 
Thank you Nicola! That's really touching to hear. Yeah, here's to the good stuff - kindness and compassion 
Thanks for your support on the Alzheimers Campaign guys!

Having lost my Nan to dementia three years ago it's quite moving to see everyone get behind this cause. 


Thank you for your support so far!
Have you entered the competition yet?
It's one competition you can enter that will really make a difference. 
If you 
The heartwarming moment our Customer Experience Team - Amy, Emma & Lorna - received handmade 
To all the 
The Death of Life - My new piece - please read the message attached. Please RT & Like 
LEGENDS ONLY WAS AMAZING! I 
 these two!
Walk On By 
Awh thanks dude 
Never Say Die Volume 5 is SO FUCKING GOOD. Jesus Christ. 
Just go with it..
Bloody love you guys. Another #1 trending vid. 
For some it's Thanksgiving, for others - a day of mourning. Whatever today means to you, I hope you get to spend it with people you love. Best wishes my friends 
here what's available in my merch store I kno u guys would look GOOD in it 
Words cant explain how much i love
"Sometimes you need to step off, regroup." Fletch has hit the nail on the head. We're all here for you Jac 
! We're giving away free hugs! See you on the wards at 8pm for visiting hour 
Wow! Thankyou 
Thank you friend 
Michigan fam u hold it down EVERY single time 
We miss you 
tonight at union in LA... we get to go hard in honor of my good friend and brother 
when u can't remember if you left the oven on

Dallas, you were absolutely on fire 
Wet season play makes me miss my Territory home! This makes my heart happy
s/o 
This new tune im working w/ 
See YOU at the 21st Anniversary Under the Electric Sky! 
i've been listening 2 
HOLY FUCK WE JUST WON SONG OF THE YEAR. THANK YOU 
i will be joining 
proud to present my official website,
created & designed by myself 
You are the cutest person i ever met lol fuck the haters, Houston loves you! Soo glad i got to see you twice 
Rest In Peace Lil Peep. 
Reunited with my blood 
hope everyone can make it 
I 
ICON HIT 10Million Thank You 
“Him & I” w baby girl out this Friday... 
The other night 
Just got my Mello moving sweatshirt a welcome to mello gang shirt and a beanie I can’t wait ilysm marshmello 
 23 weeks going strong! 
Let's hope and pray babygirl
I'm so hurt right now having to post this but here is my full memorial statement for gus known to the world as lil peep . 
Love you forever bro 
Oh yeah big up everyone for your opinion on my tweet about people filming the homeless. All of Your views were valid. 
Yes yes 
Go peep this
SHOUT-OUT to the incomparable Andrea Romano for no particular reason other than believing I was the unhinged lunatic they were looking for & giving me a whole new second career! 
SHOUT-OUT to 
What a devoted 
Yay Australia! 
THIS IS SO AMAZING AND IM DELIGHTED TO BE INCLUDED!!!!!! Congratulations 
Coco is one of the most beautiful movies I've ever watched. I laughed and cried and left the cinema smiling. Such a joy
Finally got the archive uploaded, over 130 tunes from 2011-16 all FREE! Much love to everyone 
Nuff love for the support
From @loveabulllisa: “Wishing you a Meaty Monday as cute as this 
 look who's on the dodos snap chat today 
Did you know that sales through our web store support our non-profit partners? Knock a few things off your holiday list and help us spread some love to 
The end of AIDS begins with YOU. 
An early gift to me from me! 
Another amazing FANJAM ends, and i'm just... speechless. Thanks everyone for the overwhelming love, I feel incredibly blessed to have met every single one of you. I hope you enjoyed it the event! Post our pics and tag your boy... 
It's off topic, but I have to say I love 
Can honestly say tonight was one of my proudest moments on the City Council! Fantastic response to new 
I love stories like this. Help some1 2day 
Dry hands from the cold weather? Not with Ultimate Strength Hand Salve.  
Yay!!  Sooo excited to be the be cohost of 
 is a reminder that although we've come so far in fighting HIV/AIDS, we still have a long way to go. Our 
Just a few of our favorite things. 
Mustard velvet clutch 
More gorgeous pieces from Laura Downes Jewellery 
We're kicking off the holiday season with one of our favorite events of the year, handing out gifts at 
Isabella Marez is doing great things! She’s not only the Tournament of Roses’ 100th Rose Queen but also a 
Little Shira Josephson has a HUGE heart! 
Read 
 bbc1 now! Exercise and mental health! Such a hot topic 
salon love 
 in 
So so happy for one of my closest friends in the sport! All of the last few weeks have paid off and I am incredibly proud of you 
We love seeing your pictures & messages, keep them coming guys ! Passion seems to be popular favourite 
Dear Ladies:

How a simple photocopy of your CV done at an internet cafe can get you sex trafficked or find yourself working as a prostitute in the streets of SA [Thread]

RT for awareness
You need not worry about HOW your prayers will be answered. Just accept that they have been answered. Then patiently and faithfully wait for the answers to unfold.
Big 
My little brother is the funniest person I know, and I could not fathom a life without him....so please REGISTER & RETWEET, his donor may be on your timeline!!!
“My life’s mission is to fight stigma against people living with HIV.”  
After a lesson on genre during class, 2 students were dying 2write 
Good luck Gang.....Blackpool here you come! Enjoy every second. 
The pleasure was all ours Julie....what a delightful couple and what a wonderful love story. As the young ones say....
So sorry Kati!....please give her a big hug from me & 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Thankful for so much especially these two. 
Miss you guys 
You’ve gotta love a night out down Canal Street 
Manchester was special for so many reasons 
Cheers Denise 
The Four Pillars of our ethos are Welfare, Breeding, Conservation and Education as Protection is our Passion    
Proud of my boys 
Seriously great event last night 
So proud with this! 
Day 14: 
How horrid! Don’t let it get you down though! You just saw STEPSSSS! 
Our effort and intent back up our commitment to this cause. Through tragedy we do our best to make a difference. ANDY ROBERTS 
Signal boost 
I’ve missed ya 
You all deserve answers as to what's been going on in the press recently, I have filmed a video to apologise for what I've said in the past and to thank you all for the incredible support. 
Sending love and prayers to 
So proud of my sis 
So proud of my boy 
New video goes live today at 10 am PST (about 3 hours from now) 
happy thanksgiving you guys.. don’t want to get TOO sappy or anything but it honestly blows my mind that there are over 1 million people who support me & make my days brighter every week. I LOVE YOU ALL SO FKIN MUCH! 
Last day in paradise 
Can’t wait !! 
This looks like the perfect place to snuggle up on a chilly day with our Whisby scarf 
With the chilly weather setting in, stay warm and cosy at the yard with our gorgeous Thorpe Knitted Scarf and Thornton Knitted Bobble Hat with its snug fleece lining 
@darrenw0611Aww, we're so pleased he made it before Joshua's birthday, our Wilbur be looking forward to sharing the cake. ^Shelley :) 
POUR EUX, TOUS ENSEMBLE, FAISONS LE !!!

FOR THEM, ALL TOGETHER,
LET'S DO IT !!!


Wait for it... 
The beauty that is Inky 
What do you think? We vote for 
I'm happy when my loved ones are happy 
Massive honour to be called up for the 
This. Trying to help a friend. Stay strong 
 to have a North Wales business 
Not the win BUT an excellent game v 
Such awesome kids 
Classic! Nothing but 
Loving you too
Can’t bloody wait to go out with Bridie on Friday, missed her so much!!
In the midst of all this horror there is the beauty that is 
Coffee with the ladies  
Think someone's missed me this weekend 
3wks...+ 9 days in hosp..I hav me some 
First time back home in 3 years 
Pit stop 170miles in to our trek for a lesson with legend 
Two more sleeps till I see this special little one again, can not wait!!!!!!!! 
"Everybody needs good neighbours" 

I love taking pictures they don't know about 
Thank you so much for signing mine!
Amazing evening at 
Happy 50th birthday to the legend above that is Eamonn Dolan. Reading FC legend, ECFC legend and Football legend. 
I'll be here & watching 
 I 
I loved 
Manchester, what a beautiful sweaty mess last night was. To everyone who gave themselves to the cause, we love you 
Yessss Australia step into 2017.. 
So much respect for someone still so young herself 
Sport gave me my escape,a purpose, the confidence to go prove people wrong along the way who thought I would not amount to much..it made me want to be a winner not just in sport but in life!! 
Together we can be the generation to end 
 U MAKE ME SO HAPPY! 
I will never forget this concert. Pavel was right when he said that you were on fire! Thank you for such a tremendous night! 
 still on a different planet after your amazing performance last night. You was incredible. Feel so happy. Thank you from the bottom of my heart. 
This is how easy it is to do your swab.  We all feel so lucky to have such incredible people helping us do this. 
Thank you all for your support. It's great to see so many wonderful human beings coming together to help fight blood cancer! This is 5,000 more potential lifesavers that could make all the difference for people like Ian and his family. 
My dad had myeloma so I decided to register with DKMS 2 years ago after he sadly passed away aged 66, it’s something close to my heart already and id love to help 
Our manager everybody 
Always a pleasure, lots of love 
Amen 
Shockkkkk, did you get a black eye with that one? 
Look at youuuu 
Happy birfffday to Lutons finest LozzaB 
Actually unreal 
Half way through putting her tree up.. 
Thank you soo much!!! 
Thank you so much for registering - the more people added to the registry the greater chance we will have at finding the perfect match for Ian and others! 
 days like these 
The mix between a Swedish cyclist and a Norwegian cyclist - Does that make it a Belgian littleone?! 
Because I believe in ever afters. 
My bro
I’m so gutted for you my big bro i love you sooo much ! i wish you a very quick recovery in sha Allah 
A young Sheffield Wednesday fan sees Hillsborough for the very first time. This is what football is all about... 
Happy birthday to our queen 
We couldn't be happier for our 
Update: Thanks to YOU, our supporters, over 170 dogs are heading for warm beds and loving families after a life of unimaginable suffering on a South Korean dog farm 
Woah. So happy to have been a part of this tour for 3 summers. Taught me so much. Including how to be patient for food. ;) I owe you warped. 
IM BEYOND THANKFUL FOR MY BEAUTIFUL FAMILY AND MY BEAUTIFUL FRIENDS .. DANG .. THANK YOU GOD 
Guys check this out, my team and I had the opportunity to say a prayer with Mr. President. What a special moment and one we will never forget 
Sometimes you have to look back & thank God for your failures. Moments that, at one point, you thought were the end of the world.

I FUCKING LOVE DAVID BOWIE 
Huge thanks 2 
Charity#5 - 
Only 12 hours left to pledge! Join the revolution - choose love folks! 
Nobody gives more energy on 
Highlight of the day seeing the 
What a result!!!! Love you 
It's true! 
Thank you so much!! 
CPR in practice 
Ahhhh 
This team though 
This picture sums up everything!! 2 games and 6 points, couldn’t be any happier to finish this year top of our group. So much love for these girls 
This time 2 years ago I was sheepishly submitting my application for the Washington Ireland Program. Believe! 
Kids are so resilient, some so unwell and still smiling
Roise, you are our hero 
Welcome to 
Took my little princess to be registered this morning. Absolutely love my 
well done bro, keep pushing
What a result it was for us today beating Shrewsbury 1-0 we stuck to the plan and it paid off and thank you to the fans today was fantastic 
Niceness 
Readers, we 
Love seeing my "quote" in lights for this gorgeous book with my fellow 
Happy bday Dad! 
Thanks pal 
Thanks Vic, great pics them 
We can’t wait for you guys to see/hear this! 


Just a tiny bit ( VERY!) excited to announce my guest for my next 
On the 1st day of Christmas Baltic Market brought to me.... HOT GIN AND HALLOUMI FRIES for you and 5 of your mates. Simply RT to enter we will pick a winner later today. 
Catching up on the 
I've had the best holiday with the best people 
Congratulations to you both, He's beautiful, just like his brother 
Guess what?! Thank you 
Thank you for having me on the 
Thank you to my amazing glam squad 
I'm on the 
Woah!! Never expected it to be up there with the pop stars! Thank you for buying it guys, only been out 3 days. Bloody love u lot 
No hot chocolate can ever beat Butlers 
Hope you all enjoyed my 
What a night.....thank you 
Ireland's Late Late Toy Show surprise!  I'll never grow out of loving this show. Christmas season begins when the toy show has aired !!! 
Best fan gift - Alpaca socks!! Feet are toasty toasty ! Thank you 
 tell wizkid that I 
WHAT A GAME 
Manya way right now
Collect LoveCoins for every act of goodness you do on 
Throwing it back to last year at TrevorLive! Can’t wait for tomorrow! 
THANK YOU FOR ALL THE SUPPORT! Thanks to you guys we managed to raise over £700 for a good cause! 

Please, follow the link and help like the video.
Also tag and share the video with your friends to help do the same. 
Thank you 
Love you 
Awwwwwwwn..... Adesuwa... This is too sweet 
Happy Thanksgiving! My favorite holiday... food, family,friends, gratitude
Happy Birthday to my big sis! Love u for a lifetime
Happy Birthday to my big sister in the sky
Minzulode 
Hey guys, I'm dropping this baby soon
For now its available on Boomplay!
Please Listen, vibe and share 
I miss all my high school friends 
We all need kindred spirits like Anne! 
'd Black Rat Island and want to learn more about the 
Dress run is over, and it went immensely, so proud to be a part of such a wonderful cast and blessed to have such supportive creatives mentoring and guiding us. 
Wait til you meet PaPa Hardy 
 trained me to also add 
Thanks for another amazing night 
The marvellous 
Let’s bring this home people 
one of the best performances biggg uppp! reppping Watford 
I feel like we pukelled the pop out of that show!! 
Please please sign guys ! Nearly 10,000 against the hunt coming to Grantham on Boxing Day ! Lets show them how we really feel ! Please please share far and wide 
LIVE NOW on BF1

Hazard loving MnK on XB1!


Going  live on fortnite with 
Thank you so much for all the subscribers that are supporting 
Shoutout to the first person to put WOLVfam on the twitter name 
Stoked for the stream tomorrow Thanks everyone for all your support it means the world to us 
BIG Shoutout to 
The biggest qualifier we’ve ever ran, minor bumps, nonetheless was a success!

Can’t wait for the Second Qualifier on December 16th. 

Thank You Guys
As someone LGBT from Newcastle building 
One of the coolest things I got to bring home from 
Hope Switzerland started the tour right! Thanks again 
Happy World AIDS Day 2017!!! Post sponsored by ___badgalriri____ and 
Thanks my 
Keep sending in those questions using 
Tomorrow, Dec. 1 at 12PM ET the newly crowned 
I never thought I’d say this when I first started 
Hmmm...don’t know whom I want to work out with more..Nitro ..or his partners... 
I'll miss this iteration of TSM dearly, but I'm confident that the friendships we've built will last forever. I love all of you guys 
you know im always reppin my 
Return on Relationship, 
I like you 
Sleeping baby donkeys 
"Helloooo husband." 
'Thank you 
If you're still looking for tickets, grab yours here: 

Moments like these are why I love playing the game... Shane’s reaction and face is priceless 
Hugs from mommy are the best 
Bye SoftTech, Welcome Uncork: 
Start tagging and challenge your squad to win tickets to Old Trafford!
To enter the challenge :
1: Do a TrickShot using a GULF Can.
2: Upload a video of it and use 
3 years since the accident. I was exactly at the same track as I am now when it happened. We miss you and we'll never forget you 
All present for you today 
YESSSSS !! F2 world championnnnn!! 
Happy birthday, we miss you
Lloydminster's own (the late) Peter Cushner has been inducted into the Sask Golf HOF in the player and distinguished service category. 
GAME DAY 
Happening until 8pm tonight: 15% of proceeds to 
We had an amazing time at 
What an absolute trooper, if anyone can get through this it's him. My brothers a star, love you Bill
Dogs are amazing 
It's here! So proud of you Dad
The results from Australia's national survey on 

Please 
My teammates never cease to amaze me. So proud of  
The Pony Express With Vera 
‘Tis the season 
Night run captured by the lovely 
So much love and excitement embodied in this hug
All Swag on sale on 7th Dec., But CUPS & ORNAMENTS are LIMITED,...So If You LOVE
Body lotion with Organic and Natural ingredient for my skin
Breaking the 2-hour marathon. Crazy? Yes. So we’re doing it. 
 Ask us how our service can give you and someone you care about peace of mind 
 Oh, Malala 
Day 12..... This was the final warm up before opening.  Sleeping Beauty is Open... have an amazing run, missing you all already. See you Soon 
What an incredible audience for our open dress run tonight... can't believe we're officially open now! Love my panto family 
What a great event 
Adelaidies love our City and its People Adelaidies Support 
Delicious 
Sweet memories! 
She's such a sweetheart! :)
Thank you so much 
Been listening to 
Mute button
Good work Australia, was just watching the results live. 
Happy Valentine's Day from Miss J 
HAPPY NEW YEAR. Here's to a 2017 full of creativity, resilience & awesome designing 
It's the first day of the festive period! How will you focus on kindness this holiday season? We'd love to hear  
Missed 
If you haven't please watch our short film. These beautiful hopeful people deserve our humanity 
Looking forward to singing for 
Happy 50th birthday to 
I hope you enjoy Hearsay30 as much as I did making it for you all. 
I am as excited about this album as I was first time round 30 years ago.


Thank you guys 
Thank you Porgie 
Order a signed copy of Hearsay30 on CD at 
Very inspiring to watch 
Christmas 
Girls, why not treat yourself to a relaxing massage this December? We have the girls from massage & glow coming to 
Thank you to Paul for an amazing lunge lesson today! Bella on Bubbles 
So many lost to this hideous disease. 
Packed theatre tonight for the new season of Eastsiders! I’m so proud to be part of this Emmy Nominated Show! Beautiful 
Giving Tuesday! Hungry to help? Start anywhere.... 
Today’s the day! Cyber Monday 35% off 
Bach: Mass in B minor - Vox Luminis - Utrecht Early Music Festival (The Best Music is Here ↺RT
It will be a good 25. I’ll come hang after the show 
Love & Grats.. 
Our location from last night!! 
2 years ago I left this stood on the ice, 2 years later I found her on the ice again, but now she is a beautiful mommy! 
Starting today, save 20% for 
Couldn't be prouder dad today, Archie first game for 
Its 
 crew - you were beautiful ! Thank you everyone who came and created a peaceful noise with us on Saturday. Keep checking back for more behind the scenes pics and tag us in yours ! 
We are so honoured to have 
Please all go to 
People of Twitter! Stream/download 
Vsetin | Havlickuv Brod | Pisek 
My heart goes out to Athens right now 
Happy birthday to someone who's always been so loving caring and sweet to me. 
 as a New Yorker my heart goes out to all of the families suffering today. God Bless & 
For those of you who know my story and are aware of how cancer has affected my family, know how much this cause means to me 
Unfortunately today was not the day for our story to be heard. Due to breaking news our story was cut off live tv. The royal wedding will go ahead however mental health issues will always remain 
Thanks for messaging everybody. I’m ok 
Thanks all that came out last night, we had so much fun! Big 
***TONIGHT***

The inspired songcraft of 
Meeting 
I’m so excited because 
awkward family photo for the cover of 
Met the gorgeous and hilarious 
Hey Guys!

Our new single ‘Worth Fighting For’ is OUT NOW!! 
Who’s listening to it? Who’s downloaded it? Who’s streaming it? What’s everyone fighting for today? 
Follow the link below to grab yours! 
Spread the word! 
 live 
Happy Birthday James Woolley! He would've been 51 today. 
Cuddles 
Kevin 
Finally Home....and trophies pride of place! 
Tea in the London sunshine with Mrs P 
By the way 
This weekend, Mik Pyro, ex-frontman of 
THIS IS SO CRAZY! Underwater entered the 
Much love 
If you are in the crowd...you are in the band! 
Big love to 
Shouts to 
My dream came true today! Huge 
If u haven't already .... Get 
Excited to announce I
The right to be different! 
Today Harpoon Helps Spread Holiday Cheer! We have incredible volunteers that are traveling around and decorating various nonprofits and spreading holiday joy 
We always see a show 
 fantastic new music in my Xmassy-car 
Incredible night for Herts Breast Unit 
Yes! So well deserved. I’ve seen the hard work that goes into this close up (and contributed a tiny bit too). So proud of these guys! 
Hi bbys I'll be goin on tour to support  
G shucks, thanks 
Two of my favs :-) 
Love this snap, so magic to see you all :-) 
 you 
When I started Chillhop 5 years ago & the biggest channel in this music had 30k subscribers, I could only dream about reaching 1 million. Receiving this after 5 years of working on it is a great feeling, thx to everyone who showed support & the artists for their faith in us. 
Tel Aviv!!!!!!!! I can’t wait to see you!!! 
Happy Thanksgiving from 
We're sharing the LOVE with Seattle this week at 
I couldn't be more grateful this year 
Everything I love in one shot 
This was beautiful. 

OMG...That was an incredible timeless performance/concert 
We're still at it! Shop the Even True® collection at 
Happy Thanksgiving, 
An amazing run comes to an end, but we can’t thank 
We still have places left in our 
Spent the morning with two luminaries 
Central Oz... What a beaut! 
 Storyline on tonight’s episode of 
Proud of my home state tonight. Virginia is for 
Brighton "2017" 
FIRST COVEN BOOK
Change your charity to 
Last day! Buy any 
the 
Victorian Christmas! Carol singing, accordion playing, stories on a canal barge, steam engine, mince pies, fresh popcorn, Burleigh pottery, mulled wine, play with clay, late night shopping, festive lights, bonnets & baskets. Only at 
In memory of the beautiful, heroic, courageous, 8 million horses that gave their lives, for ours, in WW1 ... 
 HAUL 
saturday in my city 
One thing we love in Stoke is all things 
Milkweed Editions is an I 
Remember this like it was yesterday! I'll always love you Megs! Look down on me
Sending love to all my amazing colleagues who set their alarms to get up and begin their classroom set-up this am
Crazy to think back to this, if you want something bad enough work for it, regardless of how crazy it might seem nothing is unattainable
When you rock up to a gig & realise all sketch comedians 
 We love to put our dear guests in a barrel! 
 - Mark 12:30
Exclusive 
This from my script editor and hero, with out whom, Can’t Cope Won’t Cope Season 2 just wouldn’t have happened. 
How to Pronounce Preissner ↺RT
‘Coming Out’ exhibition launch at Birmingham Museum and Art Gallery, and a drag flash mob at New Street was wonderful! So humbled to be a part of it, much love to those that organised, executed, and to those that came along to support queer art and life! 
Sanctuary 
I am STILL gagging. Love my friends 
THIS WEEKEND 
Thank you for all the 
Thank you to everyone who joined us for another successful 
How sweet are these kids backpacks! Which is your fav? RT for 
BREAKING NEWS! Following 
And that’s a wrap on 
I've walked by this building so many times and had no idea the interiors looked like this! 
Great news 
Glenfield 
So tomorrow I start my training and become part of the team at 
Happy save the turkey day! I hope you all have a beautiful day with your family and friends 
She’s one of our sexiest vegan celebs of 2017 & a fierce defender of animals 
Another reason why mutts are amazing? Each one has their own unique personality & look 
My Sassy 
Back in my workshop, it feels good to come home to orders to fill. Thank you!
Nominations for 
Stand up for animals with 
Retweet if you're thankful for your rescue cat 
SATURDAY NIGHT 
And this is what 
watching the Olympics makes me want to burst into tears a million times a day 
Went to see the big man yesterday with my girls 
Sweet treats and dessert wine - heaven 
Fudgetacular 
Bit of bauble decorating for aldiuk and look at those little gingerbread men lights 
Congratulations and WELL DONE to all the Santa’s doing the 
You said you’d like a soft drink option, so we thought we’d better get the best in the business! Saturday’s taplist ft. 
Coming to our open day? Why not explore the city whilst you’re here, and find out what makes 
 this.
Thanks to 
Awesome singing on my telly Notts Kids! How amazing does the Binns Organ look too 
I help the less fortunate every Xmas & this year my donation is for food bank at Salvation Army 
So psyched to watch 
My grandma just sent me the same picture four times. I’m not mad at it 
its gonna be viibey! iiiiiinside!!!!!! 
Birmingham, this Friday!! 
Shout out my main man 
 me some 
When bbhinckley and 
 I never thought it possible for S2 of 
Max’s graduation episode of 
Dusk Til' Dawn was another one for the books 
Big ups to 
GAYS - FRIENDS - LOVE 
 mexico city. thanks everyone at 
Is this the best love song of 2017?
Thank you so much kind CDMX audience at 
It was an honor to talk with XLR8R.. for real. Enjoy your read 
24 hr. family re-charge. 
RETWEET if you've never been more ready to live tweet with us! 
Moby loving 
4 brand new t-shirts including "T
Our debut album proper: Colón Man out now on DDS 
And... 
Playing with my hero, Steve Cropper, today! Getting ready for CARES in 
Happy birthday Lisa! I love you down to your socks, queen! 
 ur cypher - smooth, soulful, soothing! Hope y'all set a blueprint for more UK & other countries as well. Respect! 
There’s nothing like this UK voices 
Stay strong love ones. Our family’s are praying for you. 1 
Just wanna end this long day with saying HBD to my awesome dad 
Back home. Hanging with the Sadie lady 
This baby squirrel got caught on a thorn and was dangling up high in a tree. Rescuers knew they had to save his life 
And hey, if you order one just let us know and we'll send you the digital files for all the records. We appreciate all your support this year 
 Premier via .
YAY! 
We love you 
Glorious day in 
Great evening celebrating 
What a beauty from 
Toronto!!!! Thank you for the amazing SOLD OUT show tonight at 
Detroit last night was so fun!! 

Tonight we are in Toronto at the Opera House with 
Tonight was wild!! Thanks to everyone of you who came out to party with us in Detroit tonight! We love you! 
Our fans are the best!! 
Find out who chose 
How much "time" do you want... For your progress??? The time is NOW. 
Derek, I dont even know how many times Ive seen you at this point, but let me tell you, it is ALWAYS a pleasure seeing you sing protest songs. Thank you for tonight 
thank you so much for taking the time to say hi and take a picture with me! so glad i got to see you perform, never have but have always wanted to, and glad i came up to philly tonight! had a great time 
A rare quiet Sunday morning means I can indulge & become reacquainted with my now unpacked books...1st up 

Celebrating love today lock in on 
It's been a week and we already miss that stage.  WE WANNA GO AGAIN 
The Fool by 
Just cried a little after writing this new song...this one means alot
Wooo...Thank you 
Buzzing to see ma bestie 
Here’s the music video for SORRY!

I wrote this song for my best friend who is the kindest person in the world and this video is a gift for her.  
Vera Twomey, what a woman. Welcome home 
Dublin, last night was honestly a landmark for us. Our first ever sold out show and the crowd to match. Thank you! 
WHELANS!! We.can.not.wait. See you at 8pm! 
The music video for SORRY! 
Our Dublin and Kerry shows are now completely SOLD OUT!!! We are buzzing!  
Always so great to see Susan 
My new record ‘Avenging & Bright’ is now available for Pre-Order. Click here 
 listened to the acoustic album today...absolutely beautiful!!!!! Personally it's my favourite. Voices, harmonies and guitar melodies are sublime!  - it's gorgeous - deserves huge air play. LOVE IT 
His decision to go 
A great night 
 was a good lad 
This. Is. Sick
Oooh they’re playing 
What an amazing experience! Loved working with these super talented and extremely funny women 
All we need is Love 
An honour to present 
My brother 
Massive well done to all the 3rd years! I watched both shows of Animus today & was completely blown away both times
Rainy Rome 
: Happy Birthday to the always inspiring 
And big love to 
And just like that it's all over! So proud of my incredible year 
Well, we would love to be eating this treat from 
If my time at 
Cool to see ‘Roscoe’ on 
To celebrate Record Store Day, our first album 'Bamnan and Slivercork' is FINALLY on vinyl! Many thanks to 
We want to say a massive Mayhew THANK YOU to the wonderful people at 
CALLING ALL ARTISTS/MAKERS/INDEPENDENTS!

INDIE FRIDAY - TOMORROW!!!

PLEASE RETWEET

Take the Black out of Black Friday - JOIN our INDIE Alternative. Share your work & your discounts!
 (Pic 
A lot of 
"In a world where it’s still a novelty to see girls playing bass guitars and drums, The Aces play with a precision that makes you forget all about gender roles and stereotypes, and respect that their band is simply made up of solid musicians." EPIC 
CHARLOTTE. That was so special, and exactly what we needed. Thank you thank you thank you! 
We've reached £1,000 with our panto crowdfunding campaign, thank you so much! 
S/O to person riding a scooter this morning downtown covered in stickers, including one of ours 
Most beautiful and heart-warming talk about creativity and connection by 
thanks chicago for another great night 
“Be cool headed and warm hearted” 
It breaks r 
Do you like my owl? 
"I 
This woman 
Honoured company - I'm one lucky lady to have the support of these amazing 
Going through one of the most trying times of my life right now and I want to tell you that your continued messages telling me how much of a difference I've made for you are making a difference for me too.

All I ask is that you make a prayer for me anytime my words help you. 
 In case you’ve not spotted it yet, we are running a fab competition to win a gelish manicure and brow shape for you AND a friend. Plus it’s super easy to enter. Just find our FB page and follow the instructions. 
When Ida’s husband passed away, she was a vulnerable widow struggling to provide for her son Alex. But she found hope through FH child sponsorship and a strengthened relationship w/ her late husband’s family…read her story today! 
Happy Rose Day
Happy Birthday Shahrukh Khan 
On this day 19 years ago I lost the greatest man I’ve ever known...
I still miss you so much Dad - & wish each day that I could tap in to your advice and love...
Forever missed... You were incredible - so smart, so funny and so loving...
Thank you 
Press your finger against your phone camera and take a video with flash on. You'll see your blood pulse with every heart beat. 
We've got a lot to say now that 
Writing with the Siameses 
Super proud to represent 
Special few hours with this one 
We've just been sent a beautiful card from two very thoughtful children! It reads: "To all the nurses, Wishing you every happiness at Christmas time, thank you love Cassie and Jesse" 
We love this 
CONGRATS Prince Harry and Meghan Markle! WE LOVE A ROYAL WEDDING! 
 this so much - tears in my eyes! It's adorable.  If you haven't seen it yet 
Watch out for 
 the support 
awesome team 
So lovely to go to 
This is worth the watch. Be You. Be Proud. Always. Thank you mom. 
Pizza Hut is one of my favourite places obviously! PIZZA
Today, we're at 
Ummmmmmm! Thank you 
A moment of compassion and sweetness for a cow who otherwise won't experience much in today's industrial dairy industry. Please RT. 
"I LOVE 
Here at Tiesta Tea, we create Loose Change each & every day!
Our form groups made a 
Standing room only for What's New @ Google this AM! Lots of Louisiana 
Prayers + safe travels to this lovely customer styled in our tee, jewelry and blanket! 
Let go of the past so that God can open the door to your future! 
Ignite your soul 
Ricos thanks our Veterans 
On National Nacho Day.... We celebrate the life and legacy of Mr. Liberto. 
RIP to the Founder of Golden Krust.. Blessings and Respect to him family 
Just hit 1 million views (and nearly 11k subscribers) on my 
so proud!!!!!!!!
 thank you !!!! I look great in this
This Is How Real Men Shoot Animals 
Lil Peep forever
Hello! I led the product design for Etsy’s Holiday Gift Guide with a team of talented people including pm’s, merch, marketing, managers, directors, brand, design, & engineers—especially lead 
About to give this beautiful soul my last name in 38 days!
It's official, I get to call my best friend and the most amazing girl in the world, mine forever 
Love you E! You my boy!
When little kids dress up as your brother for Halloween
Wow.... I am so honored to be nominated with this group of extraordinary women!! 
TFW when you GIVE 
Handoff of the day 
Coco was absolutely amazing!! 
First Christmas decoration is up! Birds remind me of my mom 
gotta stay prayed up 
Full 
Couldn’t be anymore proud of this video and everyone involved. Happy thanksgiving 
Sometimes 
Designing parking lots to scale 
Very stoked to hang with my loves in 
Thanks for the Penn Tux 
 for our lacrosse family! 
LOTS OF LANCER LOVIN' 
THAT'S A LANCER WIN!! Final
score 3-1 vs 
Get on the bookstore love train! 
Northwest Tree Lighting! I am so honored to have flipped the switch 
Be grateful for your past, present, and future. 
I LOVE watching Badger football
CYBD is all 
When your 6 yo daughter offers you her tooth fairy money to help fund your research because you didn't get your grant 
Impress your date tonight - they'll 
When a fellow 
Christmas chocolate ornament treats! 
Filled with sable Breton dipped in chocolate, strawberry meringue, mendiant & grignotine! 
Hey Ottawa! We need your help! PLS RT & sign your name to improve care for kids 
Gale talks about adapting BSC from prose to comics!! 
So great to see Graham 
The RBPS book sale was AMAZING! Thank you so much for the free book! (And for helping us make change!) So many books to choose from! Thank you so much to everyone who helped make this such a great event! 
This is what a community of caring humans looks like! During our gym warm ups, the kids cheer, "Everybody! Everybody!" When asked why they decided to do this - "We want everybody to feel good. This way no one is left out." 
Lovely birthday weekend away thanks to turnerlaura_ , love these adventures! 
Learn 
I met Khaled and his little boy Ali, earlier this year. It was the most 
Tour is officially over. Thank you, from the deepest corners of our hearts. Our tour would not have been nearly as successful without you. 
Oh what a night 
When I thought she couldn't teach me more... 
Compliment of the week time 
Give hope to 
My dear friends: we are over $80,000, over 1000 people have spoken. How can I ever write 1000 thank you letters? 
P1 got a fun and loving forever home today!  Thank you for adopting! 
When you gotta work, but all you want to do is play with your pet! 
 is enough. 
Thinking about my dad, George Manuel. Missing him for Father's Day
Alanis Obomsawin, remarkable, inspirational, one of the most important filmmakers in the world.
OMG, what an amazing achievement for 
Michael Lee-Chin's role model is his mom 
We're hitting up the Kars Community Centre this Saturday at 7:30. If you 
This band were amazing last night 
Midwifes have always been ahead of the game in respect to all forms of abuse and promoting safety. 
Rooney 
Had the 
One of my favourite moments 
yaaaaaaaaaaaaas!!!! martinators ftw!!!!!!!!!! 
We discussed about the art of midwifery with an amazing group of midwives 
practice of obstetric emergency in midwifery at Lucina Birth Centre 
On the 0703 train to Coventry to run another MUAcademy workshop 
Great interdisciplinary work on neonatal resuscitation working to open a new MU in Tuscany 
The MU Academy team Italy!
Our maternity support worker appreciation day! We love our support staff. 
My pledge is to work collaboratively with women and colleagues to improve the pregnancy,birthing and parenting journey and Reopen our community & MLU HUB 
This is fantastic! We want birth partner to participate in care and support. We need to nurture them too. 
Perfect casting! Wish I was over the pond 
My favourite thing to write, maybe ever. Ten Indigenous Writers You Need to Read Right Now 
Stoked to bring our award winning show to 
The perfect introduction to new 
Thanks so much for having me this morning 
A day in my life... 
This is such wonderful news! I remember all the planning & negotiating! 
“I’m a dancer. It’s what I love to do more than anything.” 
Adults need to build resilience too 
My writers. 
It's been such a pleasure. 
Added "Landmarks" by All The Luck In The World to Lazy Sunday // Sleep In // Acoustic 
Added "Lights Out" by Gaston Light to Lazy Sunday // Sleep In // Acoustic 
Never a true word spoken 
What a story and what a hero to those he saved. 
Taking a time out to hang out with my favourite daughter. 
Thank you for caring 
You've got to love Show&Tell when this happens...
A photo outtake of 
TORONTO TONIGHT W/ 
People ask what I’m most excited for in Australia and I don’t really have an answer for that. I know what I’ll miss most about Toronto though, and that’s my beautiful friends - all of whom have been so warm and generous with my send off from this city. Thank you, pals. 
Thank you to everyone who came to the 
My new collection drops TOMORROW! I truly wanted to make pieces that were versatile and more importantly, FUN! Can’t wait for you to see it 
Rhylee Passfield spent 50 hours making this 
Loving this stunning Rey art by 
"I am vengeance. I am night. I AM BATPUG!" 
Thank you for sharing, 
 X 
It’s gameday in 
Download Under the Covers +  pre-order of All the Things I'll Forget on 
Congratulations Australia 
ONLY 4 DAYS LEFT TO GET YOUR TICKETS... 2ND NOV BRIGHTON! 
Good luck to everyone at the 
Comment the next color combination I should try! 
T- 6 days left....

T- 7 Days to go..
Tis the season 
Clarke is very unwell but safe in hospital.l know he would want me to remind you to talk to someone &ask for help if you feel the same way
So grateful & honored to get to know some of the FDNY today
Hey PsychO fam! Deadline for your psych inspires selfie is tonight! Toniiighht!! Print the image, write how Psych cast/crew has inspired you, email to psychinspires@gmail.com. Website to be launched at LA movie premiere! 
Hey look it's me in my mums prayer scarf talking about Muslim women and art on a piece by 
Best team 
today’s reminders: 

worry is a waste of imagination 

abundance in all things — there is enough time, resource, and opportunity to make anything happen 

don’t take anything personally. be you, do your work, and live by your values. 


 plays his music to his children for the first time
Give a Special Love 
Join in 
Roll call: RT if your team is heading to a 
DC WHO CREW: For anyone in DC who had trouble getting their VIP Packages yesterday, check the website now! There’s a separate VIP link for that show now up and running 
VIP/Meet & Greet Package pre-sale tickets are available NOW for the final leg of the Party In The Valley Tour! Come hang w/ me at the show, get exclusive merch bundles, and an early-entry ticket! Details/tickets on my website! DON’T MISS OUT!
 is playing in Boston the day after my birthday I am BLESSED 
Thanks for scheduling another Denver leg with your extended tour dates! Can’t wait to see you again! 
You rule Mikayla!!! 
Epic night in the Area! Huge Thank You to KG & TNT 
 get it girl!
A little bit of good goes a long way 
It’s a big day today for our 
Good night with 
Hey Love Army! Count us in again for Rohingya people! 
Thank you Vietnam for a lovely week! Hope to see you soon again. 
Thank you HCMC! A full house and a lot of 
Beautiful tribute to 
Lovely audience 
These two little ones are being so spoilt by the 
My gorgeous dog
Six years ago I created a show called 
Apaches supporting Apaches! Took 
Wow!What can I say,an incredible fashion show on Sunday raising money for an extremely worthy cause 
Connecting two of my favorite power ladies & super moms! 
Looking forward to seeing new 
 this girls face 
My beautiful friend 
 is the strongest, most inspirational girl in the world to me. I'm so proud of you & I love you. 
Happy birthday babe
This puppy couldn't stop crying out in pain when anyone came near him because he'd never felt a gentle touch. But then he met this woman 
This sweet cat is missing his ears and can barely see — but he's proof that all you need is LOVE to be happy 
My absolute world 
Very proud of my Beni friends 
Sneak peak from our 
I now hold a clinic twice a month in Knutsford 
Posin'ellllll!! Just a big thank you to 
I love doing acting and that on EastEnders. You can vote for me at the NTAs 
Happy birthday to my bae 
40 today. Life begins eh! Shame that because I have a job I adore I’m followed by nasty little red top mosquitoes. Thanks 4 the love 
All love
Dining with my sissy
Day 1 - My dog.  Meet Pebbles, rescued Sept 2015.  
 from our adorable tripawd Bertie 
Will Linda say yes... Again??? 
Cannot wait to go to the big smoke with my hun 
 fantastic effort from everyone involved yesterday. I thank you all from the bottom of my heart 
It was lovely to meet Darren. Such a wonderful thing his neighbours & local businesses are doing too. 
Enjoying your morning coffee on the veranda and knowing you’re on holiday! 
 are offering a great DBB package for Valentines Weekend, champagne, late checkout, WIFI 
Sun up on day two of our visit from the lovely Chichi Parish - perfect day to get inky! 
NEWS we think Rosie is very near 
Winchester Christmas lights being switched on by Big Issue seller Kev. Stockbridge Christmas lights being switched on by Piers Morgan. I 
i 
Sending all our love to Manchester today. The news has left us speechless and heartbroken
AUSTRALIA today is the last day to vote YES for Marriage Equality. please do your part and let us get hitched like the rest of ya 
K I gotta go you guys kill me lol I love u bye!!!!!!! 
Happy birthday my love 
Who doesn't love a bear hug?! 
Oh Madidi, you just melt our hearts! 
 please support Gina & Opportunity Pre-School by tweeting/retweeting 
Check out the full video on Facebook of Summer Fest 2016 
Big thank you to all of our food vendors 
Huge thank you to everyone that joined us 
Today marks 50 years since the world’s first ever human heart transplant. What better way to mark this milestone by joining the organ donation register 
Yay! It arrived! Now I can listen on vinyl while I edit. Thanks for the beautiful music 
I told the bub (5) about 
This is stellar news! I can’t wait for this 
RT
THIS week is all about 
What a day! We sold out of trees by 2.30! Many thanks to the entire HGCA team.
Ok decision has been made. Please welcome our elf Penny of the Palms. She is here to look over all the children of Liverpool 
Loving this, guys! 
Can’t wait to be apart of Chorley handmade  this Saturday 
Here’s our latest you may notice some 
Shiny skirt of dreams, 
Paradise 
Dear community, thank you so much for your contributions to our guides 
I recently installed 
Great to see so many familiar faces at 
"We're all humans first, developers second." Caring for your fellow developers talk 
It's World Kindness Day! Help spread the peace of mind Edgar the Umbrella Bear offers with 1Password - pass it on! 
Was great to see so many of the legendary 
Thanks to everyone who made our first 
Thanks for the review Tejinder! We 
any idea whose birthday it is today? i’ll give you a hint... he’s my comedy hero, one of my all around all time favorites and the kindest, most generous, most likely to make you laugh so hard you choke guy i know... happy birthday mr. larroquette! i adore you! 
Hey people! If you see a talk, especially at a local meetup, please let the speakers know your feedback. Even if it's the small stuff. If they're anything like me, they are keen to improve & will really appreciate your words 
these guys.... 
The whole family has enjoyed being home. Read our latest update about Linnea 
Ah thanks so much! 
I’ll be here 11AM-6PM Friday, Saturday & Sunday! Make a day of it and take the ferry and eat at Fish afterward 
I don’t know about you, but I’m feeling disheartened by what just occurred in the USA. So I’m gonna try to bring some positivity. Tag someone, tell them why you 
Happy birthday Mommy!!!We love so much
A BIG thank you to our Major Partners 
Sending out love to the world right now. Wish I could do more. 
Sending positive vibes to everybody 
Check out these remixes. They are amazing 
New remix by the wonderful 
Disciples Family Tree - lock on to our Instagram 
I wanna see every fucking house, techno and EDM Dj congratulate 
The latest 
Happy Birthday to my beautiful girlfriend, what a blessing it is to call you mine! Can't wait to celebrate this weekend, Love you 
Thankful
Woop! Wavey Official Video OUT NOW 
I’ve been through a lot man. I could’ve not been here but God kept me here & that’s why I get so emotional cos my gratitude is beyond this world. I’m so grateful for hope & having reasons to want to wake up. U guys are lovely 
Thank u Henny 
Love u soooo much mummy 
Thank you mi loveeee 
Thank you sis 
Diddy’s sons remind me of him soooo much to the point where you just know they admire him so much 
I still can’t believe some of the amazing places DJing has taken me to! 
Some great mixes of the already great track 
Tix move to final release tomo for our Christmas party too so grab them before they go up 
Tonight we celebrate the brave who gave us our freedom in peace & unity 
no one more deserving than 
Elite 8 loss to the #1 team in the nation who's undefeated not bad. Y'all battled! Congrats on being the best volleyball team in CORBAN HISTORY and making the Elite 8. I know all the work you put in and I'm proud of you baby girl 
 in the park to me was one of the best day festivals I’ve been to this year hands down!!!
Say hello to the Festive Stack! Turkey, Stuffing, Cranberry Sauce & Greens stacked into a foodie frenzy with gravy on side for dipping & chips! It gets EVEN better. 50p of every festive stack goes to 
Thank you!, 
Da best 
The Rebel Light  
11-02-18


Not just “another day”, it’s a great day to be impactful and inspire. Monday’s feel like Friday’s when you allow them too. 
Happy Birthday My Sweet Husband. I Love You 
 @Kehlani. Proud of you and all that you’re doing! Go Girl! 
My Lil Sis 
lets get it to #1 
Happy Thanksgiving from the Badass family! Thankful for all the memories we have made this year and for your ongoing support! 
 is out NOW ahhh go cop it
The library is so proud to welcome the 
Thankful for all the homies 
Oh Sam, this is beautiful and heartbreaking. I'm glad you had each other for as long as you did. Thank you for sharing this. 
UT Singers & UT Chamber Singers were mentioned in an article titled "Top 5: Songs That Inspire and Uplift." 

Thanks so much for featuring us! Hope we can continue to lift those around us with our love for what we do! 
Totally agree with that! The choreography is awesome and 
? You know it’s up to YOU to make the move .... BACK BACK TO ME - OUT NOW 
Senior dogs get overlooked in shelters all the time, but they make the most loving, BEST pets in the whole world 
Couldn’t agree more about our adorable buddies 
so proud of these boys for winning state. they have the best hearts and deserve it more than anything. i am so lucky to call them my best friends!!!!! :’)
Never seen anyone as happy as these boys!! Congrats on the win, Rebs! Proud to call this school my alma mater
It would mean so much if you all could donate, share, or even pray over me as I embark on this journey to accomplish this dream the link is 
Thank you coach 
Thank you for serving us!! Great meeting you guys. We had a blast!! 
Proud of you bro
Our thoughts go out to the victims of last night's Las Vegas shooting, their families, their friends and their loved ones 
James Baldwin died 30 years ago today. By coincidence we've just received the first copies of 
A GIGANTIC thank you to everyone who showed up over the 43 hours of the Tucson 
Gifting this gorgeous book 
Guess what! We won international collaborator the year 
Supporting the 
 to a great night with 
Great picture of St Johns 
Absolutely fantastic evening with Dina Korzun 
Our wonderful KidsAM becoming mini gardeners & planting flowers in Pots for their Mothers on this special day
Happy Mothering Sunday! To all the mothers out there, including Our Lady the Mother of Christ 
Eating a Bombay badboy pot noodle at this time was a mistake 
If you're struggling to find beautiful eyeglasses for your children, we found the perfect brand for you! Read the wonderful story behind 
Word up!! 
Hi hello yes my name is Nic Hamilton and I would like to make a PSA.


Big
Had the best time @ 
Took the girl 
Year 5 have written to ask and received a wonderful video message back! We 
Genius Hour Kick Off.... the excitement in the air is tangible!! Love that my students are taking control of their learning!! They are wonderfully curious... 
Thank you for hosting!!!! 
Having a great time so far!!! We 
the best partnership.. gonna miss you both dancing this week
This song feels so real to me... 
Selena we love you.
First show of the 
Congratulations Cynthia Salinas on your engagement.  
Congrats to my mate 
Our admissions team are in red today for World Aids Day! 
Had such a great time hosting 
And donate to WitnessLA too. 
Attending our 
Dressing for her with 
We need to stop the domestic violence because love shouldn’t hurt. 
Love that 
BREAKING NEWS!!! 
the best part about football is the relationships you build... glad we could send this special group out with a win. I got some brothers for life in this video! 
What an incredible kickoff to Rivalry Week. Inclusion is so freakin' cool :) 

Thanks to everybody who came out! Special shoutout to 
We are thankful for our mentors. 
This is what this 
Football Is Family 
An enormous thank you 
It's National Mutt Day!

We 
Reason no.100 why country is incredible. 
I love this so much!!!! 
Best package EVER!! Thank you 
God 2. december. 
Happy 50th birthday Mama. Love you. 
Made with 
The moment they put these babies on for the first time 
Fewer operations + less medication for patients with heart valve disease, thanks to revolutionary research from 
Watching his "Pops" be "Dr. Phil" 
Looking for a way to give back? Consider the giving tree at Township Hall, 9113 Cin-Day Rd. Donations support 
You’ll never love me like my daughter loves me 
Concert tomorrow night 7:30pm 
THURSDAY COLLEGE NIGHT!! WORCESTER's Biggest and best College Night!! Sponsored by I 
TONIGHT!! THANKSGIVING NIGHT!!WORCESTER's Biggest and best College Night!! Sponsored by I 
THANKSGIVING NIGHT!! WORCESTER's Biggest and best College Night!! Sponsored by I 
It’s a good look for y’all 
I’m miss An love you guys 
I honestly just want the best for others, especially the kids I've come to know through 
Snuggle up, stay in & shop your 
What An Amazing Experience, Discovering Acting 
The famous 
3 Gorgeous women and a lot of panties!...HAPPY VALENTINES EVERYONE! 
 my dress says 
 my darlings  
Thanks so much! I love the bodywash! 
I didn't think I could love 
My everyday jam 
Absolutely gorgeous Xmas decoration 
 big night pending can't wait xxxxx
Beautiful Beautiful Album!!! You are blessed with such an amazing voice
We rise by lifting others .. 
Thank you so much love 
Thank you so much honey . 

I love you more 
Thank you Tsholo 
Finally. Tonight. A sip and chat with my professional crush, his royal highness 
Dear Africans, These Young Girls Deserve Endless Retweets 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME 
ILL NEVER BE ABLE TO THANK THE GANG ENOUGH! IM LOSING MY MIND!! 
My heart is full 
This is going to be a beautiful day 
The best call I made today 
I have a feeling that 
Thanks to everyone who came to the after party. Big 
Gotta say 
 thank you so much for today 
We need brave, new voices now more than ever.  The strong will always listen.  
I’m so excited to announce we are coming back for another season!!!!! I can not wait to live with all my besties again 
So proud of you brother 
Just waking up to the unbelievable news in Manchester. We have no words other than our thoughts are with those involved 
Happy holidays! The restaurant & butcher will be closed for Thanksgiving, but open Friday offering discounts on lunch & cured meats
So blessed to have such a creative (AND KIND AND BEAUTIFUL AND CANDY FILLED) soul in my life! Get yourself a copy of Business Casual by 
So proud of everything you achieved today 
It's a 'Hayley Hare'

Really excited for the Fringe next year! Thanks to our sponsors. 
Wow, someone caught the 
Excited to show up & support animals in need-come hang NYC & show your 
Exciting news just in. THE PHONE IS FOUND! Hooray for Marmots. Even naughty ones that get lost. 
A job well done I think folks 
Shine up and shimmer 
Back in the office and we are back up and running. I’m doing my best to restock my products 
Listen to my Handsome gorgeous son Junior 
Cute but think my Junior better 
Omg love these. Cosy night in with my babies 
After 5 years of sleeping out, the time has come to pass the baton 
Love this dress by Ghost  that i wore last night to the 
With a beautiful script, gorgeous set, phenomenal costumes & amazingly talented cast mates it’s no much wonder I’m absolutely loving life as an Ugly Sister in 
Battersea park has a resident monk performing peace blessings each morning 
Love NYC
Help shape dementia research in Scotland 
It’s a community thing!!! 
Antiwrinkle injections happy patient 
Scottish football ‘til we die 
About to film the 
Last year I used my MP pay rise to take 50 kids to the panto along with 
Having lovely day with Diva J 
We are delighted to be a part of the 1st Scottish Maternity & Midwifery Festival in 
With an opening statement like this, who wouldn’t want to read on 
No, you’re crying.
This book is for you all 
finalist of level 4 apprentice of the year 
Our team have decided to take the money we would spend and donate it to the sick kids hospital 
Just seen this!! Love it 
Our latest blog is all about why one of our members 
We are so 
There we go... 
Bring it 
My friend who is in agony with depression finds Christmas very tough. “Everyone is in great form.” Many people suffer in silence. Be kind 
Oh my god....this turkeys gonna kill me 
My mam sporting her 
With her uniquely morose stylings, the witty and wonderful 
Cork City 
Today's office space 
In Baroque heaven!! I 
Thank you to everyone who came to celebrate and 
Just a few of my 
Check it out - Theresa and Thomas from our Centre in 
This is too darn adorable. No shame in cute kids stealing the spotlight!  
About to tuck into delish 
We have the brand new track from 
Email just in from Amy of 
Just home from what was THE  most incredible  gig with 
Great night last night at 
Another great day exploring our very own north coast. A brilliant lunch 
I'm crying in my sitting room - I can't thank you all enough for voting!!! AHH!! See you in December 
Such a massive thank you to all you people who came along last night we had an absolute blast 
If you have a podcast that is new (specifically kicked off within the past 3 months or so) send me a dm! I’m doing a special blog post just for the new guys in the 
When twitter started I chose the tweets I favorited like fine china to be preserved for future generations and now I’m like LOL THAT CHEETO LOOKS LIKE A KITTY 
A year ago this very day we lost a top chadderton lad RIP gilly thoughts with his family friends and 
if you text 07725909090 when you are feeling really depressed, a Samaritans volunteer will text with you.Many people don't like talking on the phone & find it difficult to open up to friends&family. Share, copy&paste, please spread the word.
We've done it! Just named UK's Best Heritage Attraction at the BTAs! Thank you to everyone who voted for us 
FROCK GOSSIP: This Saturday We're Back In Lisburn! 
FROCK GOSSIP: This Sunday Let's Get Ready To Frock! 
FROCK GOSSIP: The Festive Yuletide Event is Coming Soon 
FROCK GOSSIP: A Wonderful Winter of Forthcoming Events 
FROCK GOSSIP: This Saturday - The Wonderful Winter Fair Arrives at Belfast Cathedral 
FROCK GOSSIP: The latest news from Frock Fairs 
Twisted Salvage are back with us Sat 9 Sept for The Splendid September Vintage and Handmade Fair @ Lisburn Market Square 
Luminosity NI are back Sat 9 Sept for The Splendid September Vintage and Handmade Fair at Lisburn Market Square 
Les Sharpe contemporary artist is back with us on Sat 9 Sept for The Splendid September Vintage and Handmade Fair at Lisburn Market Square 
Tandem Photography NI are back with us on Sat 9th Sept for The Splendid September Vintage and Handmade Fair at Market Square Lisburn 
Read all about it! This week's FROCK GOSSIP newsletter is out now 
Excited to be joined by 
The doors are about to open at Belfast Castle for The Last Days of Summer Vintage & Handmade Fair and we're here til 5pm. Hope to see you 
Today's the day! The Last Days of Summer Vintage & Handmade Fair is on from 12-5pm at Belfast Castle. 30 fab stalls. Adm £3 for adults 
The north coast
"Learning Arabic has been loads of fun." Michele from 
Learning 
Rossnowlagh 
MANY HAPPYS 
First London cafe 
Every child deserves a Champion. Be that Champion! Never give up on them
We need your help. Prayers my friends 
We still do this 29 years and counting
“I Love You” is all you need 
To my friend Melissa thank you for listening to me
Likewise 
Love conquers all...please don’t forget
Last night at 
Tell me you love me 
Still can't get over this track.....it's so beautiful!!! 
All we need is more love.  I'm here for anyone out there.  Hope this helps 
 can’t wait for grizmas it’s the most wonderful time of the year! 
I love this so much! Christmas starts here 
coaching 
Blessed to say i’ve verbally committed to play softball at the University of louisville. Go Cards!! 
Making 
Sending lots of love to Minsk! 
We will be popping on on Redchurch Street 17-28 August pop in and say hello....
 Reethi Beach The Maldives 
 Thank you so much for this amazing video that made me so emotional and gives me so much motivation to make more new music for you. I 
Thank you for this song 
My new article 
I teamed up with 
Flashback to this progressive classic!
All you need is Love, Design, Business and Engineering. 
Another Finnish sisu-miracle. 2.400 volunteers put together 
God just keep blessing me! 
I'M THANKFUL FOR

- LIVING IN LA
- GETTING DRUNK W MY BEST FRIENDS ON THE REG
- YOUNG THUG
- KANYE WEST
- NOT BEING FUCKING POOR ANYMORE
- BEING A DJ
- OBAMA
- KENNY POWERS
- THE FACT THAT NOTHING AT ALL MATTERS
- ZOOEY DESCHANEL
- THE SMITHS
- IPHONES
- CHIPOTLE
- MY FANS 
Happy 6th Anniversary to my wife, best friend, and best mother to my kids that I could ever ask for! Love you more and more everyday 
ITS FINALLY THE MOST WONDERFUL TIME OF THE YEAR PEOPLE 
haven't seen them in so long and I miss them
I just love looking down at my phone and seeing this
Will miss u forever gramps 
Retweet if you think he is NOT inviting Denny Hamlin to his party. 
This is why I love 
I love you guys 
Deal. It’s a plan 
Can’t wait either hype to be back in jersey 
Dusty....so Dusty. Congrats 
We may not look alike, but he is my brother. We have the same Father...the same “Heavenly” Father.
I 
I mean........
Few footy seasons ago but it was a weekend that lit the fuse for where I am today, enjoy the 
So much goodness insideeeee me! I'm pumping to get going 
So excited to see this - it looks and sounds wonderful!  And so thrilled for you, marvelous Kenita! 
What a thrill to experience your brilliance, Paolo!  So much fun to hear you rock Tommie Haw again 
If it’s based on how you all sound, yes indeed!  ‘CAUSE YOU ALL SOUND AMAZING!!!!! 
Congratulations, Rachel Peters! Wonderful news! 
Sign up to the 
there is a new blog post up all about my winter essentials from 
Kids a massive help with the Christmas set up this year 
Course tear down was a family affair as the WHOLE clan stayed late on Sunday night. 
I have news!! I'm absolutely overjoyed to announce my book THE BLOOD OF STARS is going to be real!!! Cannot wait to work with 
Just...take...me...there... 
 All things work together for the good. Thanks for the support, everyone.
This brought me to tears. Thank you. And please thank them. They give me hope for the future. I’m going to keep writing for them 
How is this real life? 
Congratulations, November Bobcat Students of the Month! We are proud of YOU! 
5th Grade African Masks - We 
Get your tickets now and let me know what you think of the movie! The world needs to 
Thank you Canada Shorts 
That feeling when you’re sick, struggling with deadlines, and feeling generally overwhelmed by life... and then you get the best fan mail ever from a mom thanking you for what your book meant to her kid. Day made. 
Ah-MAZEing! 
I am taking a minute to appreciate this tweet 
This is awesome. Gives me chills 
Our Love Affair With Digital Is Over, via 
Hooray!! Today's the day! Our new 
From an audience member 
Brand new record coming December 8th alongside the incredible 
"Saving Light"

It's likely the last song Gaz and I will ever write together. 

It's also a song that gave me treasured friendships, 
Life gets so much simpler when you stop caring what other people think and just do your own thing 
Hooray!!!! Please look at this pretty cover! 
Happy birthday Georges Seurat! Back when I first shared my Seurat Etch A Sketch rendition on reddit, a kind redditor photoshopped this super-legit Ferris Bueller reference for me. The original rendition is now available to see at the Illinois State Museum in Springfield, IL 
I'm thankful for YOU this Thanksgiving 
I'm so lucky to be able to recreate heartwarming moments like this on an Etch A Sketch 
 @ The Celtic Manor Resort 
LAST CHANCE TO VOTE!
PLEASE use your vote for us, all voting closes on the 1st December, so there is still time! Thank you very much!
Never for get there’s good out there too. 
Agree with all of this. Words to live by. Words to work by. Thank you 
Wow this venue looks amazing! Love doing these home shows 
I have had the loveliest two days 
Who’s mains!? 
What are you thankful for this year? We're thankful for the amazing time we had last year at 
Wow. Thank you so much 
hey just wanna stop and say we love you  
It's a very 
OUR MERCH IS LIVE 
Why not both? ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ 
Mixed and mastered this incredible song by my dear friend 
 happy birthday, wish you the best! 
 HAPPY BIRTHDAY MY LOVE!!! Hope you have the best day! Love you lots 
for people who say they have never seen me and 
Literally got butterflies. Can not wait to go back 
Nothing but 
most epic / fun b2b set of my life. 
wow 
Thanks for always vibing with me 
LOVE this!! Made my day today! Go JUDY! 
There is hope and light in our dark world because this project has been funded
 time! 
 Your TRENDING!!!! Love the New Track 
"LYM" with my G 
#1 trending on 
Tracking vocals for Jo Harman and Lamont Dozier ... Which was nice ... 
For me it's "that was just a dream, that's me in the corner"
Can you read our lips? They're telling you that we are loving this tune by 
Please donate to this. Any amount helps. And much love to 
Thank you so much Rachel and everyone else who has kindly donated to 
Looking forward to this show and hoping to raise loads of money in memory of Eilidh
This tournament is so much fun and such a good cause. Please everybody try and make it if you are in Vegas! 
Love justice enough to ignite action. 
You were sorely missed! 
What an amazing group of women! Thank you all for your generosity, ingenuity and support. Together we will change the world 
Mark knight ALL NIGHT LONG 
Pals helping pals 
Tops of 2017. 
I spy 
serious note tho: this year me and my family are doing a Christmas show to raise money for the Crisis Recovery Unit in Cardiff (an NHS organisation dedicated to helping suicidal people from all walks of life) if you can - DONATE to your local recovery unit! 
DANCED WITH THE DEVIL single is now ready for PRE ORDER 
D A N C E D  W I T H  T H E  D E V I L
LA! We sold out Avalon last night! Had an amazing time, ILY SO MUCH
I painted this portrait of Hart Crane
We start our Album Tour tomorrow!!! Just in the studio getting a little extra something ready for u....guess te cover! First stop Dublin-see u soon 
My first drawing in this sketchbook that I'm gonna fill with EDM artists!

Here's 
 Happy Thanksgiving!! We're grateful for all of you 
 you can now remix "Extraordinary" on 
Another amazing fireworks display at 
YESS Danica, Yess VA
There are two chances to 
A Monday morning treat! 
 just hit 4.5 avg rating on 
Music Maker JAM + 
London!!! First EU show 
Thank you, David! 
So happy and thrilled that 
Rooting for 
Looking forward to being back at 
Wow what a night 
One final time! Good luck to the amazing cast of 
Drive through snow covered hills to Huddersfield took my breath away then 
What a wonderfulwrap to 
Have had the most amazing, relaxing, chilled day EVER! The best spa I have ever been to... You must check it out! 
Yes yes yesss 
Something I wrote about my beautiful best friend 
 took its last bows with an extra emotional performance. Massive thanks to the phenomenal cast delivering wonders each night! 
Everyday is National Coffee Day for us! 
Very proud to announce that first of two support acts for our UK dates is Lou's son Reuben (aka Joseph Efi) Well worth arriving early for 
Thanks for everything, Cookie.

Diolch 
We hope our 
Such a successful press show from  
What a truly theatrical & magical 
Since the last half hour, sound in live "Helga's Theme", "Let Me Go", "Walk" and "Muti", from the soundtrack of 
Time, which changes people, does not alter the image we have retained of them. 

Proust darling. 
Tony at my house. 2004 
We are going to be live at around 11pm tonight!
Don't miss Ray Okpara and Fattish playing. 
We are going to be live around 11pm tonight! 
Don't miss Ray Okpara and Fattish playing! 
Final countdown to a wonderful Thursday with Britta Arnold!
Check her Kater Blau podcast; a lovely one 
The artist book year book 2018/19 is brightening up our shelves thanks to 
Thank you London.  That meant so much. 
See these two brilliant people 
Could not love this more!!
HERE WE GO! The first 
A fantastic Sunshine Coach, provided by 
More ways to share our Yorkshire love 
LOVE LOVE LOVE 
Everytime I come back 
A HUGE thank-you to 
Productive session with our latest cohort to pass their Sp Sgt boards 

Good 1st line supervision is vital, looking forward to working with & developing them

We had Sp Sgt & SC Grint who recently married, yet another 
When you not only get to see 
 This Guys, Thank you 
 Loving your new song 
Our babes in 
we interviewed each other for 
The guys of 
Pieces of Me by 
Hawai‘i ... my home 
FOREVER. Our boys 
And thank you LORD! 
God bless the broken hearts! Thankful for my MAMA 
 GIVING UPDATE: $21,130 raised for 
We had such a fab time with 
Tuesday Top Tip
 Al Fresco on Faux Leather 
Thanks hun!!
it’s never too early for christmas music especially if 
I love love love it! Thank you 
12 wonderfully grand period homes you're sure to 
Happy birthday to our fearless leader and 
No words to describe spending two days with 
Excited to see 
Feelin’ all the Love Train love with our 
Today, students from 5 Turnaround Arts schools in CA - Avenal Elementary, Costaño School, Fremont Lopez Elementary, Hoopa Valley, & MLK School of the Arts - came together to join the Love Train. Confidence is contagious! 
Peru, I can’t wait to see you 
I love this so much. 
I miss you already fam 
Met this guy on our way to the Atlas Mountains 
Opera as it should be. 
Beautiful , emotional, powerful! Cried through most of the second half! 
My dear Friends
Another lovely flight this morning from BHX to DUS, Love the Dash8 
thank you!! 
Thank you Seattle friends 

 is just wonderful but Christopher Eccleston as Maurice is fabulous 
He is awkward. He is difficult. He is MAURICE (and we 
There's no one I more owe to than this guy. These words really touched me. Thanks 
Happy to hear I won Breakthrough Act of the Year 
Good morning ! Friday and december ! What are u waiting for better ? 

Thank you to everyone that watched my video and helped me win the most views! 
Yup! We have Matchy pants top
 Lovely to be back this afternoon with Y8 rugby boys unveiling Danny’s bench 
And the union behind the landmark film agreement is 
Green tea & heart health, a match-a made in heaven 
Thank you for your support 
these days we're thinking about 
The barren winter landscape is so beautiful 
No matter what you do, how busy you are, always try to make some time to see the beauty around you. It gives perspective! 
this week marks one year of resistance. issue 002 of 
This is important and why health-related claims must be regulated & not misused. Nerdy, but I 
Peer supporters helped me carry on breastfeeding through two kiddies with posterior tongue tie and lots of pain!Changed my life, and so I became a peer supporter too, with the NHS 
Frankie - 1 of the best volunteers a group could ask for & a superb treasurer... and me 
A great idea! Love this! 
These are awesome! Starting to see some of these being dropped off across the centres 
Ready to collect lots for 
Come and say hi to us in Tesco parkhead and donate lots of items for the 
Loving this event & delighted to have met some ace individuals 
 this by 
Thanks again Zak for using your pocket money to help others 
A colossal 192 crates of food donated in 3days to 
So much love for Phoenix tonight 
Time to spread the 
Hope everyone is home, happy, safe and thankful!!! Happy thanksgiving to all...
Been a few decades,and still the coolest 
And they lived happily ever after
peace out point, see you boys in a couple weeks
Congrats on 26 years to the great men of 
Happy Founder's Day to the amazing ladies of 
113 years never looked so good. Happy Founders' Day to all of our 
Blessed with the best friends in the world 
Armed robbers still on the loose in my hometown. Please stay safe my North Ridgeville friends 
Thanksgiving Dinner 
Cruising around town with my sis. 
Love these pictures of my sister Nancy Davis and my Goddaughter Isabella Rickel! 
Happy Birthday to my handsome brother 
 coming through!! hey girls
There is not a better artist that I could have clung to for ten years and continuously seen as my idol. Thank you 
WE WON THE 
Happy birthday to the best daddy in the world!!! I love u daddy!!! 
Thin people: if I call myself fat, I’m not being mean to myself, I am being matter of fact. Don’t apply weight to my weight. I don’t.  love your body. 
We are honored to share the stage with 
So proud of my 
Yay! 
We’re so thrilled to hear Caitlin! Come visit us again soon 
A guide to a healthy mind. 
: We’re SO thankful to all the 
*Everyone in the office right now*

THANK YOU to all those that donated to 
The support 
THANK YOU for an incredible 
There's still 20 minutes left to 
Red, white and [DECA] blue 
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone and their families!!! 
A virtual hug from us to you.  For all the 
Good Luck to the Downton Abbey cast at today's 
CELEBRATING 
So proud of you little sis
Come find me!! I'm running around in suit 
Guess what? It's here and it fits!!
Huge shout out to 
Easy breezy Sunday 
HAPPY THANKSGIVING!!! So much to be thankful 
WORLD CHAMPIONS!! 
@mia__rae for 
Proud of you Sofia 
The beautiful 
Happy Thanksgiving! Doors open at 7pm this evening. 
Golden Drops on Clairmont you are my refuge 
Check out our honeys on Halsted preview for tonight! 
Happy national cheeseburger day! I hope you guys enjoy one delicious burger like this! 
Team leads meet to discuss the student satisfaction survey and brainstorm strategies to communicate caring to students! 
Thanksgiving Outreach 
Another successful Madrigal Dinner w/ EL Wright Middle School. Excellent job CulinaryCavs 
One of 
Our Senators love volunteering at the Families Helping Families Warehouse!
Hey Whitney!  Welcome! 
After reading the book, we went to the movie “Wonder” with our students! Such a great day! 
Everyone loves Mrs. Mailhot! 
Incredibly pleased with 
That’s love 
Thank you Coach 
 to all! We are so thankful for our incredible 
It's a pancake kind of morning!  We 
Meet baby Mia, born extremely premature at 24 weeks. Her amazing story shares why our smallest are some of the strongest. 
Tuesday: "Winter is coming."
Wednesday: "Spring, is that you?"
There's just nothing like weather in New England! We 
only one link for that ticket itch: 
SWVA continues to be an awesome place for our main campus 
reminder for the festive season 
My Wedding Date
She's always got my back 
Thank you for the DM pep-talk 
Today at 
Check this out! Reese's Carolina Check Coat is 25% off with code MERRY. Hurry, sale ends tonight 
Say "hello" to your new holiday dress: 
What the Draper James team is 
Y'all, this is the skirt for every occasion. Dressed up or down, it's your go-to bottom this season 
The Dish: Pok Pok's Andy Ricker (RT↺ Fav
I love that 
When you have an awesome Brilliant bike gang. Love these photos by 
Brilliant adventures in Oklahoma. 
Brilliant ways to start your work day, as told by our friends at 
Headlights is on 
Thank you for listening 
Berlin this weekend with 
We are having another 
As some of you may have heard, Ellie was the victim of a vicious assault. If u have any info about it please contact the authorities or u can help her on her recovery by donating. Thank you and please keep her in your prayers. 
VERY PLEASED are 
This year began with my dad mentally suffering depression and suicide attempt. Today he ends the year starting his new career in becoming a recovery support worker.  Words can’t describe how proud we are 
Lovin you from afar 
HONESTLY KNOW PPL Will 
While waiting 4 big change let’s ensure concert goers feel free 2 scream & dance along w t music that moves them 
Wishing you all a great day 
What a gorgeous young woman 
Thank you Pam! So happy to collaborate with you and everyone 
Soooo.... I may just be doing a special Indie Underground Dance DJ Set on Saturday, Dec. 2nd in 
I l
Got a new song called 'Weather' out today!  This is one of my favs on the album.  S/o to 
Hearties reunion day!!! 
Yessssss!! Congrats
REPOST from 
Puppy love 
From the bottom of my heart, thank you 
Excellent event! 
Phase 2-4 complete! Beautiful 
Happy & Blessed Thanksgiving!  Thanksgiving Day Mass @ 10am only. Parish and 
 tonight at 7:30pm~1st Friday devotional Mass to the Sacred Heart of Jesus followed by consecrations to Mary 
 our Ministries like "Martha's Kitchen" & "Can-tribution" Sunday when we collect parcels. 
Send date round 500!!!
RT if you 
 wearing red to raise awareness 
 our second graders were thrilled to get letters from Meli! We're wondering if we're lucky enough to get featured on the blog this month?! We 
 those little moments that make up the 
T 
 Part 1, part 2 & part 3 (swipe). When you see Lu monarch_strength_ bringing FIYA to… 
INTERNATIONAL WOMEN'S DAY 
Proud teacher moment!  I'm honored to wear their jerseys. 
We have the CUTEST inspiration from 
This girl stole my heart, but i let her keep it 
Such an honor to be attending & performing at the 
Joni & Matt won my NorCal-NV "Get the Reply Text from Your Loved One" Contest for our 
I literally love you too 
Don’t think i could ask for a better Christmas present than getting to watch my guys play in December! i love y’all! 
I'm overwhelmed with pride for you Ryan. You've worked so hard, and your dreams are coming true. Dad's smiling from above. 
Much love sis 
Day 1 session 2. Athletes bring it in the heat! And 
Yesterday got off to a great start. Some returning campers & some new ones. Great way 2 make new friends in the sport we 
Incredibly proud of 
I’m about to watch my childhood best friend sign his NLI. Congrats ash, I know you’re gonna do great things
Retweet If You Appreciate Your Dad. 
Love my Borthas 
It’s been two years and doesn’t even feel like I
DIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIISSSSSSSSSSTTTTTTTTTTRRRRRRRRRRRIIIIIIIIIICCCCCCCTTTTTT 
Beyond Blessed To Have You In My Life Happy 2 Years B I Love You
Thanks big man
Congrats Jaeden! So proud of you and excited for you!!
It’s a brother hood
Happy birthday jacob 
Just had the opportunity to be a part of giving tablets to some of the students from local high schools! 
 go best friend that’s my best friend!!! 
Happy 16 mads hope it was a good one 
Happy birthday dude 
The ESL Department is collecting pjs for patients 
Awww! We are so thankful for you too 
 Burlington.
What a wonderful Veteran’s Day program! You put on a great show 
Ss from my class learning about meter measurements with Ss from 
Stunning day for a stroll around Bear Lake! 
Home sweet home with this angel 
So sweet! Thank you 
Congratulations to my beautiful, brilliant, rock star sister 
jingle bell grams
Blessings on blessings on blessings! We’re honored to be featured on 
 Thank you! xo
Downtown Ann Arbor with the family @Bpeters2118 @Davidpe12248404 
Go follow KingKyrothefirst on insta 
Life’s beautiful 
Yass today is the day! Hand-signed copies of my book are now at 
I’m so thankful for all of you. Thank you for supporting me and everything i do
Happy Thanksgiving from my family to yours :) Don’t be afraid or think it’s corny to tell someone how much you love and appreciate them
 Hi & love you! Matt is in support of 
Thanks for thinking of us 
And I thought today was all about you, 
The sound of I can’t! I can’t! Turning into ahhh! I get it! Is awesome!
Thank you Angel for coming and serving the youth with us! Your support personally & professionally means alot
Besides the fact that life gets harder,everything been lovely....
From the Heart I appreciate all of my Fans 
She loved me 
These prompts work for so many situations, 
Thank you for the comments, follows, RTs and 
  Indie bookstores are the best 
Another attitude shift from a family member! Thank you 
Happy Thanksgiving! Be thankful. Be kind. Be light. Be love. 
Still in the midst of 
Gene, thank you for your decades of service to 
Always grateful 
You're so welcome! 
And special thanks to teachers!  Of course!  
Honored to be on your list, 
Life is pretty good... 
Happy birthday, Corita! You are my hero. 
Let freedom ring.  
Thanksgiving Day with my three favorite men! (Dad, Bae, & Mr. Rocky himself) 
About to talk data & metrics, collective impact & ripple effects of 
Holy sh*t why did it take me so long to watch 
 mini cover. Thank you 
Can finally announce my supporting role in my first feature film! Excited to be acting alongside such talented humans! Can't wait to share
Happy brithdayyyy to the little brotha! Love ya
Inspired by all the New Yorkers I see running, walking and biking along West Street today. 
Thank you so much! We had an amazing GT at the office. It was so wonderful to see so many people support our work! 
 It’s 
Ending this 
next week 11/16 at 
what a lovely blog post! thank you Amy! 
I am celebrating thankfulness today!  Thank you for each you! I 
Fantastic news!! Congratulations 
Hope!
It’s Election Day! Go VOTE! First General Election for my sweet girl! 
Sneak Peek! Go Hounds! 
Freshmen 
Young minds, solving world problems through Model UN.  I’m feeling very hopeful about our future. 
Heartbreaking... so thankful and honored to be a patriot. Love this team and love these coaches. It’s been one hell of a ride
HQ (heart quotient) is just as important as IQ
S/O to this girl right here 
 as 
After months of hard work and training, 
with everything that's happened this year we're lucky to have such devoted friends to help us through it all 
We love you juice , keep running hard 
doesn’t feel real that tonight was my last Friday under the lights. Gonna miss all the memories of the past four years. 
Once again i fr love everybody that came out to FFN every weak YOU guys made my senior year the best year yet thank you 
favorite time of the year 
Thank you for the free ride code, 
Getting ready to get my 
So thankful for you guys 
Practice tonight 3:30-5
 Congratulations to Varsity Boys, Girls and JV girls on the WIN tonight over Ridgedale
This is so special to me... 
Future Jaguar, ready to cheer on daddy today 
Cheering on our Redskins! 
GAME DAY!!!! 
And last, but not least.. we are so thankful for you, TA’s! We appreciate what you do for the company members and all of Girl Be Heard. 
So grateful for our STAFF! We are so lucky to have the most hard working and dedicated staff on our team. Thank you for everything you do!
Happy birthday to the baddest 
20 goals in the CL
20 goals for 
Congratulations Prince Harry and Meghan 
New vid out now! Ft the best 
Thanks for your love 
The gang all have channels. Sub to all xxx 
Massively proud of Adz achieving his Silver medal@ the Closed BJC National Championships 
Good luck to St Day Miners in their KYL match v Newquay Galaxy and Falmouth Utd U15’s in their CC match against Godolphin U15’s 
1st outing for the 
Plymstock Remembers...

Tomorrow's fashion: 
green eyes and green waters 4 ever 
well folks, america just got a lil sweeter 
Thank you New Orleans 
Twitter friends, I've joined the Cameo family! 
This makes my heart so full!!!! Wish I could kiss him back!!!
Thanks to everybody that stod by my side for the last months.Thanks to my  family,coach,teammates,Mino,DarioFort,Dahan,DrFu,DrVolker,Manutd and the most important my fanz.This was not a one man work without all of you I would not be playing fotball today Thank you and I 
This children in need version of the weakest link is class. Miss it. Bring it back! 
Thank you Abby and Asia for making my day!! 
WW bringing life to love 
 Million Reasons 
Yesssss omg makes me smile every time thank you for sending 
My beauty favourites ! YAS meet u there ! 
Towie x Halloween 
Busted out the new 
We're already looking forward to the next 
Thank you Shannon, Sifu 
You’re so welcome. Congrats! RT 
My little brother 
This is an amazing rendition of the 
Bye England, love you lots 
Never let pride get in the way of an amazing thing! If you've fucked up, even if you didn't mean to, apologize to the ones you hurt 
Every wedding should have 
Yes yes yes yes! To the amazing LGBTQI community who have braved this heartbreaking vote- YAAAAAS!! 
love it 
Thank you SO much! We couldn't be more proud to be Zetas, and we couldn't be more proud to be Penguins 
Back in Berlin...
Need to sleep..Good Night
A moment to remember 
He has taken his final bow. Mr Showman 
 reunion at 
all my 
Lunch with Grandpa 
My life is complete. Thanks 
There's no one else I'd rather spend forever with 

HAPPY ANNIVERSARY  
No, thank YOU, Ensign Alex! 
I this interview I talk about universal love. 
STANDING WITH HEROES - TO ALL VETERANS, OUR TROOPS & THEIR FAMILIES - WE SALUTE YOU. 
We had so much fun! 
Forever 
One year ago today I was made the happiest man alive 
"Release your inner child."
Hot damn this is so cool, thank u thank thank u thank u 
 you showed us so much love 
@nigex3 designed this adorable outline of a little baby handprint with a mandala/flower piece for Danielle 
My daughter as Slappy the dummy for her book week here in Australia. She loves 
Here is our new lyric video for 'Dream Girl' via the buds 
Super excited to be a part of 
Omg thank you! I love your artwork 
I'm now a Free Agent and looking to join a team for DHW 2017, 
We did it, 5 mans up, LETS GOOOOOO 
If you were in solo Qualifiers Group A please make your way back to the stage to pick up your peripherals immediately. 
GUYS! We're part of The Edge's 5 Songs You Must Hear This Week!!! Thanks 
And just like that 
Good luck to everyone today! 
Yesterday was my birthday!!! And I got this cool thing
 gin with ginger ale, mint and strawberries in 
So proud to see this piece written by my man 
Puerto Rico benefit tee w/ proceeds going 2 
There’s something so soothig about listening to 
Have yet to even meet you but already love you so much. You’re the most supportive Twitter friend ever and make me laugh a lot so thank you 
THE OFFICIAL LOS ANGELES CARES - UNITED IN MUSIC FOR PUERTO RICO & MEXICO LINEUP IS HERE! + MANY SPECIAL GUESTS! 
Can’t wait to see you all here dressed up in your plaid! 
Wrapping up baby bats like burritos is the most adorable way to make them feel safe 
A lovely "Castgiving" for a bunch of Americans in Canada! I am so so thankful to be surrounded by a group of amazing people that I love so much. You guys are the best. And thanks to 
You guys 
The Best Performance Ever 
A sweet and snowy end to our 
 Has A New Reaction Video Up Please Support Him Go Check It Out and Please Subscribe 
My mom sent this to me today...she knows me too well! 

15 years with this girl 
Happy 4th to you my spectacular Saffron Rose 
My Girls 
It's finally here! I 
Young or old, they all deserve loving homes 
Stay tuned for details on Ponderosa 2018! Thanks again for attending Ponderosa 2017 
And now we get to take a dip in that river! All kinds of love going out to our Ponderosa family. Thanks to all who joined us this year! 
Mad Love. Available Now! 
I'm in la and I'm lucky to be hanging with my favourite 
PRESENTING: Our 20 Favorite Songs of 2017 A.D. 
Billy killed it! Thank you everyone here at 
Syracuse was lit. Thank you 
We do - still can’t thank you guys enough for all the support you’ve shown us. 
I’m so grateful for so many memories - but my mind is laser focused on the future 
Aw thanks love 
My love 
 We are sorry to here this. 
Sad 
Massive 
Still can't get over yesterday. We 
I knew SOTC would be amazing, but holy **** that was NJ at its best, and one hell of a show 
So many amazing people and things to be thankful for this year. Hope you're all enjoying food with loved ones today. Happy Thanksgiving 
Tfw it's Friday and you're in love 
Happy Anniversary!!!! 
“We won’t sleep til the lights burn out just stay” 


Tonight’s Item of the Game for Pride Night!
To my Bed 
Happy thanksgiving to all my American buds 
Bye bye America. Until next time 
BIG LOVE 
A nice message from some of my favoUrite dudes.
I wanna thank everyone that came out to our show with 
This will be Mike's last show, come out and help us give him the goodbye he deserves 
Check Out  Black Friday sale !!!!  
Thank you all for everything 
£3 bevs are the best thing to get rid of your Sunday hangover, oh that and 
We wish you the best 
big ol hot dog. Champaign IL tmw 
Thank You Treble for including us in your top 20 Metal Albums of 2017! 
She so different
Oakland my heart is with you this weekend 
Buzzing for this one! 
Phone lines will be open through the night! Keep calling 1-800-258-6000 or visit 
Dry hands from the cold weather? Not with Ultimate Strength Hand Salve.  
 is a reminder that although we've come so far in fighting HIV/AIDS, we still have a long way to go. Our 
Just a few of our favorite things. 
Look who came to visit us! 
Awesome season 
Just saw a woman in Brixton give a homeless woman the gloves off her hands 
The Daily - I 
Playlist updated: we have new releases from artists 
A simple 
Weekend reminder for 
COVERGIRLS! 
Thank you so much for always supporting me 
see you soon!! 
Thank you 
So honored to be named the Rising Star and stand beside such amazing women at 
The dreamy 
Received a lovely message from a former student over the break 
We’ve been so well supported by the BBC in the Midlands - here’s a video of our interview from earlier this week 
Just finished my vlogmas intro! 
Always good to see my gal 
Today, we're lighting up red for World AIDS Day 
 is available now. Are you ready for it? 
thank you for having me!!!!  was an amazing night and i cant thank you enough for all the love on Idea of Her
Just saw my best friend kill it at 
soooooo much fun guys!  thank you 
TONIGHT!  see you guys in DC 
Luncheon today to celebrate the Spring Summer 2018 shoe collection for my amazingly talented, kind, beautiful friend 
Thank you for this. It’s time to wake up the world. 
Jenny Lumet on why she came forward about Russell Simmons: “I don’t recall ever meeting any of the women who have spoken out against you, Russell. But I can’t leave those women twisting in the wind.” 
I’ve known Jenny for years and I’m beyond grateful for her strength and courage to tell this story today. You’re an amazing writer Jenny, but an even better woman. I 
Spoke to 
Wake up to struggle 
Practice loving all things including difficulties they are there to make u stronger  
Margaret Rudkin's 
Cenita juntos 
MID SEASON SALE 
 Love for the ball, the secret of La Masia
More info 

Merry Christmas 
This is why we 
Massive queue outside the 
Merci to everybody who was there for me during my recovery, merci to all the fans, this one’s for you! 
There was 
Great first week in rehearsals with this lovely talented lot & the rest of the wonderful cast & crew 
Today is 
Honoured to be associated with such a wonderful charity 
It's Showtime!! Here we go. 1st Preview of 
Thankyou to my girl 
 have a wonderful opening night of 
Had such a blast chatting about company culture in remote teams tonight thanks to 
Had so much fun performing for Middlesbrough! 
Skyped your pet or taken them on date night? We’re celebrating things only pet parents understand. It's not loopy, it's love. 
Making your cat their favourite 
Quarter finals! I can’t believe it! 
This puppy couldn't stop crying out in pain when anyone came near him because he'd never felt a gentle touch. But then he met this woman 
Clearing out a few bits in boxes and found this in the mix 
Clearing through an old box from my bedroom years back and come across this 
Dean from Clondalkin 
Glad you like it 
See you guys soon 
Today’s 
RIP Dane Gone but not forgotten 
Guys thanks so much for watching 
From the bottom of my 
Wishing This Amazing man a very Happy Birthday.
We are delighted and honoured to be among the finalists for Best Restaurant Venue of the Year at Weddings Online Awards. Thanks so much for all your votes! 
Thankyouuuu 
Massive well done to all the 3rd years! I watched both shows of Animus today & was completely blown away both times
Grande 
How about sharing this random act of kindness calender, December is the month we need to be kind to people as not always the best time of year for everyone, day 1 is share this calendar 
The trailer for 'Love, Simon' is finally here! I had the pleasure of working on this incredible film. A beautiful love story tangled up in the struggles of being young and gay. So special and so important. I was in tears! Enjoy.. 
Martial and Lacazette must have a thing going 
Mini review on my Instagram click on the link 
Hot chocolate season, we love you long time 
The best ever Christmas pud  (with 
That's what the 
Rose and Jack 
I just saw Paddington 
That's my fav Elton song 
Congrats 
True Friends are never apart , maybe in distance but never in heart 
1 more sleep to 
We surprised SMU students with tickets to our show last night to launch Bumble Beats 
Thk U to my dear friend and superstar 
 @ Long Beach Convention and Entertainment Center 
I go to school while listening to this music!
So proud to be the daddy of this lil lady!!
Do you 
The past 9 weeks I’ve had the pleasure of singing this incredible opera everyday! Missing it now but still enjoying the wonderful response
Signal boost 
Tap the 
Hi hello yes my name is Nic Hamilton and I would like to make a PSA.


No, you are not seeing double... 100 Great Pyrenees from 
That’s right! Super stoked to be working with 
Birthday cake for Allen Bailey - celebrating his 77th birthday today. 
 Personal 
can’t wait to share the new music with you! 
Had to sing some Tom Petty songs last night. I feel so blessed to have seen him days before he left us. What a life! Thanks for living it 
I love how beat up my guitar is after all these years touring. Precious beast, what scrapes we can get into on the AU tour!? 
Trying out 
Don't be like that Sia 
This is our 
Wow thanks that's incredible guys 
Thanks 
THIS IS SO CRAZY! Underwater entered the 
'Thank you 
big love to Pilerats 
Our beautiful mountains necklace! 
Both our beautiful 2018 calendars together! 
Loving life... ‘from the top of my lungs’! 
Bad day at work? Nope, it was flipping amazing! 
I’ve just backed this and got my Christmas order in... 
We were working on Christmas Makes Me Sick today in rehearsal. It’s quite an angry song for my character so I had to wear this to even things up. 
So much fun being back at 
 waited my whole life for tonight!! So excited to see you perform. The UK has missed you 
I love it 
3 MOBO’s, love you all, thank you 
Congratulations to the gyal demmmm 
No one deserves it more. Her work rate is inspiring. Vote for excellence today. Proud of you 
really looking forward to this tonight 
I'm one of the 
Tangled up is 10yrs old today! This was one of my favourite albums we made! Thank you for all of your support then & now! So many memories
Made it to Dingle. 
Good times ahoy! 
Come and see us if you're 
Not 'as usual' but back to business all the same 
"Without music, life would be a mistake." - Friedrich Nietzsche
 
Moments like this 
Love this 
So much 
Well this is gonna be a big night so please 
I've never been more grateful for health 
I AM MELTING!! I just love LOVE 
 Really hope you can see this
 I feel so incredibly privileged to have such an incredible life as a child and I can't even imagine some of the circumstances that some children younger than me have to go through
Guess what?! Thank you 
Thank you for having me on the 
Always treat people kindly and with respect. I don’t care who they are or what they’ve done, be a good, caring person. If they’ve done wrong, they’ll suffer in their own way. Try and make a positive impact in this world. Be the reason someone smiles every day. Lotsa love 
Thank you to my amazing glam squad 
I'm on the 
Woah!! Never expected it to be up there with the pop stars! Thank you for buying it guys, only been out 3 days. Bloody love u lot 
Hope you all enjoyed my 
Thanks for the love 
 I have no words to describe how amazing you were tonight at 
London is beautiful 
So thrilled with the 
Shout out my main man 
the best partnership.. gonna miss you both dancing this week
Can't wait for all my favorite J's to be in one place!
See you in January for my bday!! (And again in May) 


When the Roxy Tour doesn’t come to EP, you bring EP to the Roxy Tour. See you in Phoenix 
Just bought tickets for The Roxy Tour! So excited to see 
S/o to 
  please help if you can 
Dear Friend, Meet the cast of Too Old To Die Young..! 
I 
Ahhhh 
 the master 
Dear Friends, Hello from Day One on Too Old To Die Young! 
So happy you love it! 
Zulu Eyeshadow Palette 
Rough Draft of our packaging . Can’t wait 
Al Asef wins the novice stakes in style 
NEWS we think Rosie is very near 
Love you girl! Thank you for being you 
I love my 
Happy Thanksgiving my darlings!! I’m so thankful for you all & I wish you the most amazing day with your loved ones 
So excited about this collection!! Thanks UD 
Crazy full circle. Larsen’s cousin works on 
Aaaawwww
Our hearts are with everyone affected by last night’s tragedy in Las Vegas. Sending our thoughts & prayers to the victims & their families
"Still I Rise" ~Maya Angelou 
We’ll be back before you know it! Happiest of Holidays to you and your loved ones 
yesssss gorgeous ladies!!!! love you all
umm wow! you are incredibly talented!
We'll all find our balance. Thanks for watching 
hope you all loved our fall finale as much as I did...happy holidays! 
 Thank you for watching with us!! That’s it for 2017!! The journey continues after the holidays. 
awww stop! love to you 
Happy birthday to the stunning & talented 
And we have our winners! Big hugs to everyone who participated. 
To all mothers, old and new, Happy 
I am very very very very very very excited that this is a part of my life& I will use my mind and heart in as many ways as I possibly can. 
I didn’t realize until it happened that this is what I wanted for Christmas!! This makes me so happy 
Wishing you guys a very 
 this 
 girl got skills. 
Holy sh*t why did it take me so long to watch 
I don't care for 
I'll be here & watching 
 I 
I loved 
Happy happy happy birthday 
1 day more 
Thank you! Such a good time! 
Hoping everyone has been having a beautiful Thanksgiving day
Thanks so much for watching 
Jump like a Jellyfish and help raise money & awareness this 
While you're shopping, give the gift of *removing math fears* for the kids in your life, ages 0-15!  (See link in bio). 
any idea whose birthday it is today? i’ll give you a hint... he’s my comedy hero, one of my all around all time favorites and the kindest, most generous, most likely to make you laugh so hard you choke guy i know... happy birthday mr. larroquette! i adore you! 
Lesson #1 Thoughts have energy. Make sure your thoughts are positive and powerful 
Yesterday's 
Today on 
Today's 
It's Cyber Monday! Give the gift of *removing math fears* for the kids in your life, ages 0-15.  
No one else I’d rather be accidental 
Woah. So happy to have been a part of this tour for 3 summers. Taught me so much. Including how to be patient for food. ;) I owe you warped. 
A special note to my readers. 
Try a little tenderness. 
Den of love- hooded fang 
Long Beach 
Utterly flattered to be included on this list. Can’t wait for y’all to read my little story! 
This is absolutely unreal! Thank you all so much I can't believe my little blog has hit 1000 followers so quickly!!! You are all the most amazing people!! 
They are absolutely wonderful to work with 
 Thank you so much. I want everyone to feel heard. We all are going through something. 
And the winner of the coolest fish of the night goes to...
RT: Sea-toad.

While your best is good enough, your best should always get better 
 is out NOW ahhh go cop it
That’s Deep 
 @ Bubby's 
happy birthday to my favorite twins 
"The minute he grabbed my hand I thought my whole body was going to explode" I understood exactly 
 is such a wonderful thing to do. 
Such a great Thanksgiving with this incredible Family. 
Great dinner tonight 
Just bought tickets for me and Jordyn 
Such an incredible honor to perform a 
Lol you cheating I still got some hours left but thanks ZI 
New merch has been released! Get FREE SHIPPING for a limited time!! 
Handoff of the day 
Couldn’t imagine ending our 
Cleveland, was that real life? Thank you for being you 
Check this out everyone an awesome review of 
Language Rediscovered is chillin at #2 on iTunes metal and #20 on Rock. Thank you all 
Just interviewed 
WE WON THE 
i make him buy all my drinks 
malcom young, we salute you, rest in peace 
Yes Australia!
new songs added to our 
ahhhh sad days. paris texas has always been a huge influence on our band. harry dean stanton you wonderful amazing man! sleep tight 
Double the sets-double the 
The Play Service Team would like to thank 
Thanks 2 every1 who came to our set tonight w/ free pluto, cheap kites, coldfront, & hot mulligan. Tonight’s show was the last of this year. We will be taking time off from playing shows until next year to focus on writing and recording new music, cannot wait to show u 
Thank you much goth brooks
We are re-recording swimming and need someone to master it, dm us if you wanna master a kindersong 
Thank you goth brooks we love your twitter name 
Thank you everyone who stuck around to see our set, very fun night. Tomorrow we play Luther pecan fest at 12:00ish see you there 
We’re playing District 2.0 tonight in Norman see u guyz there 
First acoustic recording of Lake in November on SoundCloud check it out 
Today I did a free home HIV testing kit (
Pudsey Lovin' with 
it’s 
Insane. Wouldn't be possible without you guys 
THANK YOUU 
It's the first one you'll hear :) promise 
It was truly amazing. 
DC, That was unreal! 
: Hang out & write a song w/ 
Stockholm we love you!!!  Always way too short of a visit.  
YASS!!  FITNESS 
in the middle of 2 hours of reggae on 
They say there ain’t seasons in LA • They’ve never seen the sunlight play across your face 
I didn’t know it until recently but I fucking LOVE 
 let’s make this happen : )
“DO WHAT YOU LOVE.” 
 OUT NOW 
OMG 
Hey you DorkNoids - I’ve been updating our “Loved Ones” 
: “the alien” from the gut-wrenchingly beautiful album “a black mile to the surface” by 
shopping online today? you can still support san diego businesses! some of my favorites: 
so damn good, these two. 
Tel Aviv!!!!!!!! I can’t wait to see you!!! 
Happy Thanksgiving from 
Did you 
We're sharing the LOVE with Seattle this week at 
Time Warp is now up on 
 will always be home!

Laundry will always be home!

that was very sick thank you all very sick 
 are just incredible 
Tracking one of the last vocals for the record tonight...I. Love. Life. Thank you for streaming/buying my music & sharing it with your friends & allowing me the privilege to keep making art to share with you all. It is truly the greatest honor 
BLACK FRIDAY MERCH SALE - 40% OFF EVERYTHING - 
new song One Thing out now on 
Santa Ana last night 
This is my tour manager and lighting/visual girl's first tour ever.. pretty amazing hearing people say it's the best tour they've seen. Proud of the squad. 
Been touring for 8 years straight now but every night on this tour feels like the first night, I love it 
SKIN&EARTH IS HERE

What was just mine for so long is now yours. I hope you love this record as much as I do 
I'll take this response to my music over anything material all day. Thank you for your words & remember.... It's not always dark at 6 o'clock 
Thank you! 
 had a lot of fun last night! Thanks for downloading & supporting
Thank you! Glad enjoyed the show 
My wish for 2017?! More of this 
Instead of building more walls, let’s build more bridges - 
This is crazy:) thank you to everyone who's taken the time to listen
So excited for 
Terrence McNally is an incredible writer, role model, and one of the greats- donate and get Anastasia rewards xo
Thank you for the Dō !!!@broadwaymike92 
We're kicking off 2018 with a brand new, intimate tour. The Real Good Life Tour starts on 2/20! This is our first headline run in over 1.5 years. Can't wait to see your faces in the crowd 
everything on my bandcamp is now free! thanks for listening!!!!!! 
 my fav song on her album and the best part wasnt just hearing her beautiful voice but she waved at me too I love you Jess
got a lil cali tour locked in with my brehs 
Yes yes 
Help us spread holiday cheer to our military and veterans far and near. 
Thanks to the wonderful folk of Glasgow we sold out 
Thanks Brighton and 
Raising Cane’s Chicken Fingers 
London. You're class, thanks for showing up with your Saturday night on a Tuesday night! That was special 
Last night was huge, so much love to everyone who came down and got stuck in with us; also to 
Rewatching 
Finally got to watch 
We've had a blast in Scotland! See you later 
Friends, family, & fans! We've started a blog so that you can keep up to date with our adventures in London. Link in bio to find out more 
Thanks Facebook and the  
Baltimore!!! See ya tonight!!! 8 shows left!! Philly see ya Friday! DC see ya Saturday!! Jersey see ya Sunday! Tickets 
Beautiful.
“All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.” -Walt Disney 
Too ill to come tonight!
Congratulations to them! They make a lovely couple! 
Please vote 4 
Take us back! 
Another lovely review! 
It's incredible how quickly tier 1s sold out. We have now swiftly moved to tier 2 
Life’s beautiful 
The Colorist Orchestra and Lisa Hannigan, Het Depot, Leuven 
I love this picture.. so much. I took this and it makes me so happy 
Much love for 
We do - still can’t thank you guys enough for all the support you’ve shown us. 
 - we love you 
 you were so insanely talented, hope to see you again next year! 
 you knocked me out and amazed me
Love the Mahogany sessions, they've introduced me to so many artists, this is lush. 
One hour until the online show starts! $1 on 
Cant wait for the Belfast gig to see all those amazing fans again it's been too long! 
Thanks guys 
Absolute BLINDER last night! A capacity 
Happy Birthday Thomas by your fans 
Happy birthday Thomas by your fans 
Cheesy humor! Let me start by saying I love you. @milksndhops 
 feels! 
 
Incredible show tonight 
ah my heart is full!! 
Tops of 2017. 
tbt ~ "silent night" ~ happy holidays 
I've always loved Adam. Knew he's see sense in the end 
Out at Beeston Xmas lights switch on with 
We're thankful we had the opportunity to work with the 
Love Delia 
This is fab 
From taking part,volunteering last year to being a Team Leader this year for 
MCR @ Manchester Arena 
Max, Lulu & Wally are dishing out a bit of 
Thank you so much to the wonderful people at 
DANCED WITH THE DEVIL single is now ready for PRE ORDER 
Our new restaurant 
Thank you Hull for a tremendous reception! We had a blast hope you did too. I 
Run free Miffy ..a new Angel in heaven 
Sending Healing HugsnLuv BD
Mood! Barbecue days in London
Viaduct Showbar Leeds showing thier support for the Terriers fundraiser 
Day off with my babes alexandra_margo 
All profits to the wonderful 
Funds needed for this wonderful charity 
Alice!!! Alice!!! Happy Birfday My Alice!!!
Hi Gary 
Thank you so much, 
Tweeps, if you got a 
this idea! Fab!
Tonight i got to dance, drink & chat with Bjork! i will remember this night foreva. til we meet again reina, i 
My favourites 
Back home to 
Look! 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!! The most amazing early birthday surprise... I have THE best husband for organising & friends for making this weekend happen 
The ultimate throw back Thursday to one of my favourite photo's from our wedding 
The 2017 Corgi, now with Intelligent Parking Assist System..
I feel so privileged that myself and 
Last two shows for 
Thankful thoughts today spending quality time with my family. 
The sorrow.This woman's talent is extraordinary.A waste of a unique,unique artist.A woman with a vision that summoned magic. Khadija Saye 
The fans sound amazing! What a wicked bunch!!!  
  and 
This. A thousand times this. 
Day 1 of Crohns & Colitis Awareness Week 
Myself & 2 others are running the race for life next month. If anyone could help us out that would be amazing!! 
The fountains are red at Barker’s Pool for 
Birthday girl still loving the training. Always improving - forever learning - attacking the challenge 
Thank you guys for having me. I had So much fun! fofo5star 
This this this. 
Watch out for 
Amy with her father Mitch Winehouse, 3/10/2006 with a gorgeus smile
 just finished this
This was pure pleasure 
Hope everyone 
Loads of love right back at you big man 
It was still light as I left the office, but the lights are ‘red’dy to bask the Civic Hall in red for 
Our Debbie
Look,our new Debbie 
Cork City 
'Where to go for the best winter cocktails in London' 
It's a must, you need to try our sweet and savoury Fondue! Thank you for this feature 
Dalloway's "elegant, poetic, and quintessentially English space". Have you seen our decor yet? It's magical! Thank you 
Our delicious cheese fondue is back! Thank you 
We witnessed the arrival of the Royal couple Prince Harry and Meghan Markle outside the office today! As part of 
Today we remember all those lost in the Ghost Ship fire. Here’s a gathering of links to work by some of the victims (and survivors), compiled last year by 
We really 
I support the American Red Cross 
Had a brilliant day yesterday meeting some lovely people from the incredible 
We’ve had a fabulous birthday! Thank you to all who’s been part of the story, & helped us celebrate. We had a great night 
Gorgeous bank holiday at Stowe hanging out with this little pickle 
Remembering Al. 
Last US run of the year. Starts tonight. 
via ^TeamDrHook: 

Wrapping up baby bats like burritos is the most adorable way to make them feel safe 
On the 2nd day 
 Vinnie's are looking forward to collecting at 
Happy 1st December
The weather is cold now we serve 
Please quote our Tweet with
 
Please register & follow our Vinnie's neighbourly page
We could win £2000 for Vinnie's 
 the support 
So delighted to share this world premiere tribute to 
BIG THANK YOU to everyone who came along last night 
Attention gamers! You can now show love to your favourite 
Nursing life 
1, Hit 
Could it be anymore like Christmas?

Crackling fire, Hot chocolates and family 
As we get ready to buy presents and spend money we don't have.... let's remember what Christmas period is about. FAMILY 
Words from the great 
More wonderful news today....we are thrilled to welcome 
We're unbelievably happy to see that 
I literally ended slavery in Libya today by liking a trans persons selfie 
Listening to the 
“Picnic have a little of everything - and everything is worth listening to.” 
Set times for tonight at the 
English or Thai Signature Menu at The Crazy Bear 
Forgot to say how much we loved playing 
This year began with my dad mentally suffering depression and suicide attempt. Today he ends the year starting his new career in becoming a recovery support worker.  Words can’t describe how proud we are 
Lovely review from last week’s gig 
Happening This weekend across several venues.. 
Glad to have you back pal! 
If you missed our 
 to everyone who came to 
You guys were amazing last night 
Morning tunes 
What a lovely day this was! And what a towering guest 
Very chuffed to be playing this, 
Big
Goodbye my loveeee -dumb and dumber 
Yay - Love 
Cheers Denise 
Happy birthday 
Happy bday mslay!!!! I miss you so much and can’t wait to play some tournaments together
So much love for this man. Jessie will be missed very much!
Day 3 of Advent. 
It’s December 1st!! 
What an amazing live band! 
Go Threshers! 
Hiatus sounds terribly serious for a band who's got a bergillion new songs to demo. 
thank you so much 
I love this book and also Twitter 
Happy birthday babe. Thank you SO much for soldiering on yesterday. A real trooper. 
Check out my first short horror 
150K Followers. Mental. Thanks for the continued love and Support, im profusely grateful, and truly humbled. Love you all,

DBH 
Last night in pictures. London thank you. 
I love doing acting and that on EastEnders. You can vote for me at the NTAs 
Happy birthday to my bae 
40 today. Life begins eh! Shame that because I have a job I adore I’m followed by nasty little red top mosquitoes. Thanks 4 the love 
All love
Dining with my sissy
We were out in force today representing 
Sundays are for relaxing not raving, but we've still got a brand new banger for you.. courtesy of 
New drum and bass bangers for your weekend, today we've got new releases from  
My brothers
What a terrific place to work 
"I hope I saved his life but if he'd jumped I don't know if I could have lived with myself" 

Walter Williams, you are a true hero 
So proud of you dad!
Would hold you up forever.  

Always and forever Wifey! 
Only a few hours till our 
Today is the last day to support our 
Lots of people have asked how much money I collected in my bucket! I collected £3,000 and then another £10,000 from 
Thanks for the Penn Tux 
This is the incredible story of 
So here we go... I'M GOING ON TOUR! I'm SO excited to see you all around the country. Tickets go on sale at 10am from 
She loves dots too 
 all the delicious fresh fruits  veggies at 
Backstage at 
Look at these magnificent f*ckers. I 
Waiting impatiently 
Amazing leaving present from 
Can’t wait to go back to Middlesbrough Saturday, what a great club and unbelievable fans,really was special to me thank you 
My great uncle is remembered on the Pozieres Memorial ...

Thank you to these 
A very special Thank You to the staff & pupils at 
It’s freezing out there. Let’s not forget those that need us the most 
We are changing the perception of homelessness through music 
Big moment for me, at King Tut’s with 
Love this. Love 
Show your support with a charity red ribbon Red Velvet Cupcake this World AIDS Day. All proceeds go to 
 

Please share with a RT, talk to friends and family offline too , start with 
We would love to get to 1000 followers before Christmas please help us! 
LEGENDS ONLY WAS AMAZING! I 
Girls be like... Chillin with no make up onnnn!! 
If you were looking for local places to donate to, here are my (mostly) Merseyside picks for 
 my flag is out 
Today, we are 'berry' thankful for YOU! 
OMG you guys! You kept her in! Thank you so much to everyone who voted for our girl. Back to it same time tomorrow 
Class reunion with my beautiful family 
A MASSIVE THANKS to everyone that helped out. Doing bits that make it easier for us and A MASSIVE THANKS to 
MASSIVE THANKS to everyone that came down and supported both teams on a very cold Friday night. Much appreciated. Thanks to 
Cheers Sally.  He's so honest and positive.  Love him 
Not our words but when one of our loyal patreon family members and listeners say this we feel very honoured.  
Halekulani’s coconut cake melts in your mouth! Absolutely to die for!! 
Another good team performance today didn't manage to get the win but it will come!!! 
On to Saturday now 
So chuffed to win club of the year at 
One year ago today, what dreams are made of 
If everyone could go vote for me it would be greatly appreciated 
I love how @My_Kit_Co packages their products 
Yes. 
Rusinga Island's magical sunset as captured by 
Consider this our official invitation to attend 
Love these kids. 
All the best matey 
Every gift to the Fossey Fund saves a gorilla and changes a life. Share this post if you’ve already made a gift to protect gorillas on this 
Tamu's infant Ubudasa, whose name means “remarkable”, was born a little over a year ago. Ubudasa is one of the many remarkable gorillas who needs your support today. 
keep them heads high, the worlds not seen the last of us, we'll come again!! 
Sending all of our love and support from Wales big man 
Love it the boyo!! Go and show everyone what your about my bro!  
Whitesy, my hero 
All our thoughts and prayers are with you 
Thoughts are with Ann & her family at this time! I'm sure the whole of women's football is behind her 
DKMS launch my Sister in Law Mel's international appeal today. Feeling positive. 
Father recreates the game for his blind son on a small soccer pitch...This will send shivers down your spine 
Stop generational competition! 
AGAIN THIS MORNING IM SO GRATEFUL 
Do you remember these beautiful advent calendars? Check out my column in today’s 
Just getting ready to perform live with 
Daw..
Wishing you all a very happy, healthy & joyous Thanksgiving! 
 please RT my voting link for a polar expedition? I'm from Chester and in need of votes to win! 
Happy Thanksgiving!  We're 
The energetic ladies from 
One of my shots 
My two favourite!
It was such a great event and I can't wait to see you all in 2018, if not before 
Did anyone else get engaged today? I'm, obviously, still looking! Lol! It's so lovely to have happy news 
Sending out some 
Beautiful work! Love the spider 
This will be my 19th herbivorious Thanksgiving and I’m especially thankful that my mom is hosting a vegan Thanksgiving this year. 
Yes. He does exist.
That's what it's all about! Thank you 
Only in UK do we get Winter like this - 
On my way to join the celebration of Islington's wonderful new library 
Brilliant conversations and ideas with residents,artists, leading cultural organisations, young people - together we are team Islington 
Great event ! Looking forward to what we can do together in Islington 
Can't wait to enjoy Islington's beautiful new library 
Great meeting with Crafts Council and 
Come on Team Islington ! Yes We Can create a difference
Another step closer to Islington opening its brand new library - it's like an early Xmas gift 
Brilliant to see Islington's newest library taking shape
Islington libraries , schools,community centres, care homes,youth centres 
Just want to say a HUGE thanks once again to each of you for all of your birthday messages, cards & presents. 
Really overwhelmed with all the love!

Have you heard this 
 this so much - tears in my eyes! It's adorable.  If you haven't seen it yet 
 Vaulting horses in warm-up, that can only mean 1 thing...It’s almost time for round 2 of 
Thanks for everything, Cookie.

Diolch 
My album “Texas is My Home” is now available for purchase on all digital platforms!!! 
October 27th 
Today Harpoon Helps Spread Holiday Cheer! We have incredible volunteers that are traveling around and decorating various nonprofits and spreading holiday joy 
Molesey 3 
Tonight’s line up
MOM Tonight 
Molesey 1 Sittingbourne 1 Scored by Ronnie
Finishing off this first European tour tonight in Germany. 
We have felt so loved by all of you at these shows. Thank you for such a warm welcome. We cannot wait to come back. 
London last night. Literally falling for you. Thank you for being so kind to us. 
Now for our first headliner in your city. Sold out. 
Loving these Sunday walks 
Gorgeous photo Jayne! 
Come to this kickass event tonight in Maynooth. We will be talking about the importance of intergenerational dialogue in combatting HIV Stigma and rising HIV rates. Great set of speakers 
Dublin is going to become a much fluffier place 
£139.21 Raised today doing a tuck shop & raffle raising money for 
Thanks for all the 
Here's some photographic evidence of your awesome advocacy 
Help shape dementia research in Scotland 
Everyone pls support 
If anybody wants to audition for a place in this years talent show please speak to one of the captains by the end of the week!
Anybody that wants to take part in interhouse swimming please speak to one of the captains by Friday
 Gala at @manchesterunited Wearing 
Congratulations Emma Fraser, Grace Dyas and 
So gutted I can't make 
bit late but happy 22nd to this nutter! Miss uuuuu, thanks for being such a good friend, lots of love 
Lovely to see you gorgeous 
Lovely night with 
From 10am 
Beautiful emotional words, it’s been five years without my mum and I still crumble every time I see a “Mum” Christmas card that I can’t send 
Amsterdam booked 
... AMAZING
Great night with this lot last night. Big thanks to 
Family is my everything 
This is what it’s all about! 
Well look at this..heavy rain this morning & I thought Larry wouldn’t be able to get our Christmas Tree and now there is beautiful sunshine! We have to fix up for my little family’s homecoming soon!
2 days to go, we're nearly there, it's 
Throwing it back to last year at TrevorLive! Can’t wait for tomorrow! 
Thank you so much for your support. It means the world to us 
What a lovely market we are having! Still an hour left to pick up something delicious for the weekend. 
Right then, morning all! We've got fresh bread, pastries, cheese, pies, wine, fish, flowers, cakes, coffee, wine, fruit, vegetables, meat, bacon baps, olives, hummus, cider and great vibes. Come and get involved!! 
Whoooo! Hello Friday! Who's feeling festive? We certainly are! We've got all the good stuff going on tomorrow. Come and pick up a gorgeous wreath for your door from 
We've got a lovely line up for you today. Come and get some superb local produce for the weekend. 
That nasty mizzle has left us and the market is in full swing. Plenty of time to come and stock up. We've got cracking veg, meat, pastries, cheese, onion strings, hummus, fish, fruit, olive oil, pies, cakes, bread, jam... all the things! 
Beautiful bread at the market today! Come and grab a loaf for the weekend 
Beautiful view from the back garden this morning 
New Deal of The Week 
Shoutout to 
This much 
Cheers guys 
Which borough does your sweet ginger represent as a NYC 
The perfect blanket for Miles, a NYC 
Many thanks to everyone who shares our animals! We continue to be grateful for all of our New Hope partners and adopters
This post is awesome! Thank you for reminding everyone how great shelter pets are
Many thanks to everyone who share our animals! We continue to be grateful for all of our New Hope partners and adopters
Kicking off the 1st 
"No one should have to earn the right to be equal" 
Now in stock 
That black and white design tho.... 
Overwhelmed by the incredible reviews I've received for Secrets & Fries at the Starlight Diner. Thanks to 
Today in the Outer Richmond. 
Some mornings my forever Valentine 
Poppy made me a lovely 
'With chilling vibes and strange dynamics between all the characters, the author Ragnar Jonasson slowly builds up an intriguing compelling tale that slowly unravels in the Icelandic frost. I didn’t guess the outcome I must admit' AMAZING review of 
Rem this day 
More good news!
Maddox Jolie-Pitt gushing over his "wonder" mom Angelina Jolie couldn't be more adorable. 
I’m obsessed with all things rose. I can’t get enough of the stuff which is why I 
There are also some SADS UK Badges and Bands on sale for £1at the astroturf or SDP. 
Don’t forget it’s non uniform day tomorrow for everyone! A donation of £1 is asked to raise money for the year 10s charity SADS UK 
This is one of our favourite parts of the offsite! Thanks to all the amazing teams who came along and pitched their businesses 
This is why I 
Love this woman 
If you 
 to my best friend’s wedding! 
Prince Josh, our amazing boy would be 17 tomorrow, what an awesome legacy he has left helping so many others 
You can now buy my designs directly 
How lovely 
 so lovely to meet you today, you are stunningly beautiful inside and out 
Rockfish HQ 
Survived 
Market breakfast  
Supporting our local community 
Someone just gave me a juice 
 it's always fun to get snaps with the people of Greater Manchester 
The heartwarming moment our Customer Experience Team - Amy, Emma & Lorna - received handmade 
Celebrating the new season of 
Beachfront Vibes for 
I LOVE YOU TOO BRO 
A PICTURE SAYS A THOUSAND WORDS 
N E W  S I N G L E   L O A D I N G.........
Unfortunately, Diana never stood a chance against the royal machine. But Christ did she put up one hell of a fight! 
oh my...
this brightened up my day to say the least 
Please share! Today only! 100% to Victoria Hospitals!!! Market Square - lower level - 11-4 
Kind words
's work w Shakespeare/autistic kids is mindblowing magical essential. Educators policymakers humans go see 
Went to see the 
This is why im involved in the 
Team Notflix 
It's damp n chilly isn't it? We're collecting warm things for those on the cold streets this winter. Add to 
Looks a quality bottle love to add to our collection 
Happy Birthday to our girl with the Golden Heart,  Sparkling Mind and Searching Soul...  We love you Emmy!!! 
Please consider donating to the wonderful 
This is amazing!! $1 of every 
 dropped that she drinks 
 Brian's work, this is stunning!!  Danner by 
set times tonight 
Thanks to all 
Tonight I will be channelling my inner 
Good LORD that was good. Everything that music should be and more 
Lovely Aitch (who illustrated the cover of 'The Beginning of the World...') created the Google Doodle today 
Thanks Greg 
Please watch the 
Feeling so grateful for this little heart that already beats inside me right next to mine. And for all the hearts that have gathered around me in support during such a tender time 
to the 3,450,000 of you who watched 
my darling beautiful friend 
here you go, my beloved Canadian friends! 
Although u have been gone 18yrs ur spirit + legacy lives on. I see it in this sweet girl everyday! Love & miss u always
The brilliant 
Thank you for the shout out for 
My tribe!
I’ve said this before but cannot say it enough. Thank you so much 
This is definitely our favourite 
When Joe Hart comes to you for a photo. Thanks 
Feeling a bit worse for wear after the bank hol?  Stop by for a little TLC (Tender loving coffee) 
And the sky was on fire this morning 
Albert 
 playing NOW on 
This whole thread is full of love 
Treats Thursday from 
DIY spa time anyone?
maryjane. 
Ahhh talented friend is talented 
Impossible not to love him 
December will be a magic month with this and my family coming into town from New Zealand . So excited ! 
Nostalgia hearing "wishing on a star" by Rose Royce. Used to sing it over and over when I as about 8 years old in the garage of our house where there was lots of reverb ! 
Dublin is such a beautiful city , so sad I had to be confined to a hotel room sick and not see it or play my show. But a sweet girl called Nadine brought me hot tea and toast just as a kindness. Lovely people at the Jury's inn Dublin. Thank you 
Also want to apologize to people that were so excited to see 
Nominations for 
 Our project pick of the day comes from 
This is going to be a real moment at the next 
Beloved in Cork also has these 
Beloved Cork has these! 
Come on Wales! 
It's been an exceptionally busy month for our team, so we have a bit of an admin backlog to clear. We appreciate your patience whilst we get back to your messages and requests 
Its 
Brilliant night and day at TV Noir; don't forget to get your tickets for the upcoming tour in Germany in time. Some cities are running pretty pretty fast! 
happy birthday to my brother in croon 
I love youuuu 
Filmed & Edited by 
It's love 
So sincere
***TONIGHT***

The inspired songcraft of 
HERE IS MY MERCH PAGE
just posted a new YouTube video 
Thank you Jen! :) send me a picture when you get it 
Not long until my Christmas concert 
Attending 
It’s happening again tonight... WOOHOOO! Donning my MULLINS shoes for the Saturday night crowd 
 to incredibly talented & AWESOME gals I've been writing with lately... 
 so love hearing the fabulous sound of 
You 
Lovely to lead Singing for the 
Thank you to everyone who watched (again) and all the lovely trades and suppliers. Sending all the best to Mark and the family 
We’d never have coped without your help and the amazing support of all the trades 
How inspiring are 
Such a beautiful compliment from a beautiful person!
Great meeting today 
Such love and thanks to all at 
Added "Landmarks" by All The Luck In The World to Lazy Sunday // Sleep In // Acoustic 
Added "Lights Out" by Gaston Light to Lazy Sunday // Sleep In // Acoustic 
A big thanks and much love to our amazing artists 
Thanks for coming, 
Let your feet do the talking this Christmas! 
Hey friends my first film as an executive producer! Follow, Like and Share! 
Lineup Announced This Week! 
ALSO Big 
Back in UK after our final Ibiza date of the summer. Thank U 
Say hello to the Festive Stack! Turkey, Stuffing, Cranberry Sauce & Greens stacked into a foodie frenzy with gravy on side for dipping & chips! It gets EVEN better. 50p of every festive stack goes to 
Thanks to everyone who came to The 
30% off the perfect velvet dress 
We belong to Glasgow! 
The Vaselines play the CCA on Sat 18th Nov! 
Love u Hebden Bridge, if you came out last night you're a legend 
Hanging out backstage with 
*heavy breathing* Hit that 
Luv me bae 
He’s a giant bull with an even bigger heart. 
Alllll the time! Lol 
I'm emotional today but  napgirls's photo is going to make me sob on this plane. I love you 
Won't be forgetting this anytime soon! Thank you Harbourlife. 
Proof that I 
Obsessively grateful for this onepeloton family. 
rest in peace charles bradley - this is a moment i'll never forget. love you 
We’re always down for more 
Every now & then in your life you need help as does this lad 
Meet Dilla. Latest addition to the misch family 
 these moments. Synergy was so much fun, day parties are the vibes.

Spread a little kindness today 
It was a honor to clean over 1000 headstones at the Dallas-Fort Worth National Cemetery. We 
 this!

After a hard fought 80 minutes of 
BIG thank you 
Have a safe and happy saint Patrick's day 
Awesome night opening for the amazingly talented 
Happy birthday to my lovely tele dad 
MY WOMAN OF THE WEEK 
Miss waking up with you jezza
So sweet 
I never thought it would be possible to love my job more and more each day! 
Aww glad you enjoyed it!!   
 you’re a genius 
The happiest of birthdays to the musical genius that is 
Welcome to the factory, 
martystuart was incredible last night in Birmingham 
We don't like reggae, we love it 
Life Lessons From 100-Year-Olds 
Our January 
Thank you so so much! So pleased to have been able to help our 
Taking calls 
WONDERFUL: Panthers 
And this is what 
Thank u all 4 the BDAY wishes. I thank god for another year. I promise 2 make every second count, be the best I can be & continue 2 grow
He has the 
I cannot contain my excitement for 
So today I recieved my 
A PENTATONIX CHRISTMAS TOUR STARTS TOMORROW! 
Happy Thanksgiving y’all!! Enjoy the day with the ones you love the most .. 
Free rein season 2 coming 2018
Happy birthday mummy 
Family night 
My favorite song, sung by the 
This dog was scared of everything — until she got a baby brother 
 time! 
Yes, Australia! Yes! 
best christmas eve!!
a tremendously beautiful, vivid & uplifting show about the power of a mother’s love 
So much goodness in our schools! Thank you 
OVER AND OUT. Thank you for the most INCREDIBLE tour. It’s been amazing. Onto the next one 
Happy birthday amazing 
I NEED THIS!!!! Love it Keith! 

Visit Jenny Kenny Designer Dress Agency and see all the fantastic Christmas and New Years Eve Party dresses we have to offer 
The Beckett’s high tea baby shower. So blessed for an awesome group of friends 
An absolute pleasure performing in the London's West End Phoenix Theatre. Amazing cast, crew and audiences. Thank you so much! 
 ur a true Lady Patti! Gr8 to see and hear u again. God bless, Mx 
Go listen to and support 
Hidden SPOILERS in 
And here we go again! 
Backstage 
For the 1st time I wish I could have spent some more time at home - despite being happy to be back in London.
Still so grateful for my two best friends in the entire world 
Proud of you tonight 
Excited to be supporting one of my best friends 
Drinks in hand; ready to watch 
Get in thereeee, World Cup final sunday
If anyone is or knows a social media manager then please get in touch! RT this if you can so people can see it, thank you lovely people 
THRILLED. GRATEFUL. ECSTATIC. 
Happy to see that familiar teal and cream mix once again. This time at @henanncrystalsands, Henann’s latest addition to the fam! 
I’ve been in this bath a LONG time! Today was a ouchy one!But I loved every second. After a week of charity speeches after the show I think I want to run to be the next president! 
Thanks for visiting us 
Absolutely LOVE being back 
REUNITED
Thank you so much for yet again another amazing opportunity to perform with my family! I had a great day( even if it was busy ) and I can’t wait to be back for all things Christmassy ! 
Thank you fabulous teachers and students. A wonderful showcase of the talent of your students, what you have taught them and indeed rather special to see 
Show 29 tonight 
Happy Thanksgiving to my American best friends 
We’re so very proud of all our MTM students! 
What a performance!
Amazing what can be achieved with hard work, a great attitude and oodles of talent!
We 
We stayed in 
One final time! Good luck to the amazing cast of 
A year ago today 
My favourite girls 
Lovely 
...Thank you for the Beautiful Birthday Love!!! Sending Love Back
Thanks, babe!! 
I love you, Babe!!!!
...that's my baby
Today your heart will beat around 100,000 times, pumping 9,000 ltrs of blood through a circulatory system 60,000 miles long 
And I am reminded that earlier this year I had £7 in my account, now I’m wondering when I’m gonna send my Mum and sis Dubai or move out 
You are so special 
Amazing soil life. 
Good Vibes Only 
Jus on our way 2 evening service wiv Darling wife 
 
I love these 2
Happy Birthday Champ 
RIP Jim Nabors • You brought laughter and joy to the world • God bless 
 worldofanimal.s (get_repost)
・・・
Amazing story of hope and a second chance of life 
Special times 
 with my beautiful 
The world could do with some celebration! Congratulations Prince Harry and Megan. I’m in love with your love 
This Children's Day, spending time with these kids reminded me of what innocence feels like. Thank you 
Starting the week right with 
Had fun shooting for 
It’s here 
coming soon 
So much fun working with this adorable soul 
New Pics: 
His heart beats Kannada .... my bestie n a great guy ... hope u guys like this as much as I did .... this is for u Alok 
To the strength of my life .... to this adorably cute kid .... happy birthday son .... lots of love 
Season 2 yayyyy.... back with jaggesh sir n YB .... expect more fun this year 
Happy birthday darling bro 
Dkds TRPs r out today n we have a 9.16 .... so happy thanks for the love n support 
To all of you who donated during 
This one was simply heartbreaking!

SADD is working to empower teens, engage parents, & mobilize communities to help teens keep themselves and their friends safe. Give today to support student leaders across the country in their efforts! 
There is so much to be thankful for, but we are always thankful for you, SADD Nation!
Sending BIG virtual hugs to all of you 
All top 4 artists have given us magical performances tonight. 
Wearing this beautiful blue cape saree from 
Come watch us in ur nearest theatre
Cute & Romantic Pair 
Cracking me and India up ... 
Call on 18001235809 multiple times to vote for me

You can also vote here
For sure
 bommmzzzziiieeeee ... 
Berlin this weekend with 
I see you 
 what a beautiful day 
Nivin Fans Tamil Nadu are ready to celebrate this
A very Happy Diwali to you all from us and our little Laxmi 
Be who you are  And say  What you feel —�—�—�because—�—�- Those who mind  Dont matter… 
Thankyou so much for all your prayers, wishes and blessings .
You guys are amazing 
Our angels growing up too fast!! 
My boys
This song needs no introduction, it just needs 
Makes best Brownies in 
Revealing a glimpse of fiery 
And the Birthday Celebrations begin.. 
Hearty Congratulations to 
Lovely feel to it! 
Wowwww !!! Got Goosebumps seeing this sir !!! What a moment !! And What HISTORY !!! No doubt 
Loved the trailer of 'Hello' 
Listen and enjoy to this beautiful song written by  
When your friend is a photographer!! 
 i just saw u first tym on screen 
Enjoy & Be Happy in every classroom 
How lovely ! Thank you for sharing ! It's my fav scene I have ever done 
Thank you so much for all the 
It was such a great moment to watch the classic 
's Debut film 
Outstanding Movie 
My entry! 
Share! They could get a home to call their own! 
• 
Little Sherhan! 
Tomorrow evening show 
Super excited, honoured & humbled on winning Nandi Award, Best actress 2016 for 
Amazing teaser 
Yayeeeeee!! Thaaaank you 
Yessssss she would be thrilled, she's probably celebrating up there! You make her proud dee! 
So amazing and a big privilege to meet you and hear you speak 
You've all welcomed me and sent me so much love everyday. It means the world! 
The look of love 
Omg awesome Sir. God bless 
About last night!! 
With love from us.... 
Sunday Monopoly and 
Thankss Ashwini! 
My favorite part.. 
Still waiting for Tom's short film to come out!
Captain Div 
Thankss 
help tom&his family 
I can almost smell the stories and much more 
Last event of 2017 tonight & a huge one for 
Happiest Happy Birthday to the wonderful 
What a great show with these incredible comedians. These women 
This is officially my new favourite song. 
Jeez congrats 
Digging my new setup 
Team Chamber at 
We hosted our worlds themed welcome drinks last night - all of our girls looked amazing representing the different nations! 
Great This Girl Can session, thanks to everyone who joined our display training
Thanks so much ch to everyone that has messaged us privately and through the page over the last couple of days to tell us about the Aldi offer! We’ve had so many messages about it, it’s so lovely to know you’re all looking out for us! 
Congratulations to Richard Broome who has just won 4 Kasabian tickets! So sorry to anyone that missed out, thank you so much for taking part! 
A massive thanks to 
 happened just a few months ago! And it’s reached 2Million views 
A very sweet young fan 
 is different every day and we 
SUBMISSION REQUESTS for the 
You are absolutely wonderful for acknowledging their mighty efforts in so sincere a manner! 
 we're here with your wax statue at Madame Tussauds, New Delhi!
We have two events happening run by students from the School Of Jewellery & Viscom! One tonight & on the 29th! please come and support! 
But we'd just like to thank everyone who has helped the film arrive at this weekend. This belongs to all of us. 
From the 
It has finally happened! Families no longer have to apply to the Family Court of Australia for stage two treatment. It is COMPLETELY out of the courts. Congratulations to everyone who have fought for this. We’ve done it. Thank you for your hard work 
A belated 
Thinking of the wonderful community 
Super busy turnout at the launch for  
Been so wonderful to see that boxes of donations to cat shelters and food banks are starting to be delivered now. Please take photos before you donate them so I can show everyone the generosity of 
Special thanks to all who supported our 
Our future 
Blast from the past
2 Nikhils in one frame

Officially OPENED! (Thanks BQ 
 brunch? 
Quite possibly my biggest 
 is over but we have staff to celebrate! Margaret retired this yr & 
HCA Ranjit has made many friends 
As do we!
Great time to help support the tireless efforts of 
Seriously trying to work my 
Gotta see 
A massive thank you to 
Couldn't agree more! What an inspiring day. 
Just imagine 
 - start of a fantastic evening celebrating the great work our staff do daily for patients 
We’ve just published the wonderful Prof Lesley Page’s BLOG post ‘The Birth of our Humanity’ on 
 dad won the senior citizen award. So proud of him and well deserved 
Excellent news for all our families 
Oh YES! Forever friends - so much love shared. We are immensely proud of you Carmel 
Guess what! We won international collaborator the year 
The beautiful and talented 
 comp time! Baking
Creative networking event 
Jazz tonight 
Email for your flirt dates form and let us help you find love 
Send us some flirt mail, comments, suggestions, ideas or just a note we love to hear them all  find our postbox inside at flirt xxx 
Kindness makes the world go round 
@darrenw0611Aww, we're so pleased he made it before Joshua's birthday, our Wilbur be looking forward to sharing the cake. ^Shelley :) 
Amaaaazzzzzzing news!!! 
My hubby 
Whew evacuation over. Martin Phillipps has taken the stage 
THANK YOUUUUU! 
Tcyoung@
So honoured to be on this list with such incredible women. Thank you 
LOVED working on 
It was amazing!! Well done girls! Really enjoyed it, yous don’t realise how empowering you all were 
Thank you for your support 
If you missed Neneh's story on 
There's nothing like a real book & nothing like a real bookshop! We 
Really enjoyed being interviewed by Sofia! She's great 
HITTING THE ROAD IN FEBRUARY 
 you 
Supporting the 
Absolutely 
 happy birthday 
Much 
Honest to God! I am so BLESSED w/ all these Bday wishes! I have read everyone & am so grateful for ALL! You have been w/ me through the hardest year of my life! But a bright future ahead ! Much 
Could not have said it better myself! Thank you, 
We are so proud to share our latest episode with you - a trans rights special with 
Me and my princess it's mad how in love with her I am from the start.. 
Also, thank you for making 
The Fabulous 
LOVE the small 
Been through a lot w/ 
This is the Welcome Slip and we copy them on blue and hand out when students sign in 
Be healthy and happy this week everyone. Love to all the  
Yes!! That’s why I started 
JUMPROV TOMORROW COME WATCH US. THANKS. 
Awesome!! Enjoy 
I know. It is an awesome book. So many people are going  to want to visit 
So glad u enjoyed 
**1 WEEK TO GO!!** PROUD of all involved in 
Single 5'9" (10" w/ the right shoes & enough gel) Good genes (prefer 
thanks so much 
1 DAY!!! 
Wow thank you 
Twenty well-spent minutes making a dragon boat and vikings for 
Don't forget to share and like 
come see this with me on the 4th please, Twitter. yes, all of you. we’ll fit. 
But at the very top of her list of guidelines – and her ultimate solution – is a call for men to take responsibility for their actions. VF
Sit up straight and smile! Thanks 
A celebration of all things Christmassy in the 
Good times at the 
Katie and Mark got married! 
NEW YEAR WEDDING SHOWCASE
Sunday 14th January 2018
11.00am - 4.00pm
Free Admission 
Let's create the wedding you always dreamed of......
Leanne & David got married! 
Congratulations Mr & Mrs Lawton 
Friday 15th September 2017

Thank you Laura and Vaughan, the new Mr and Mrs Paddock, for sharing with our wedding coordinator a selection of photographs from your beautiful September 
Paul James Kelly Wedding Photography kindly responded to our wedding photography request and we are spoilt for choice with Danielle & Ben's beautiful September 
Friday night treat with my awesome family 
That should be an end to the connectivity trouble. We know we're repeating ourselves, but we're sorry for the hassle all the same. Thank you so much for your patience 
Using data to analyze UFO sightings 
Q: Can we ever get enough of 
Thanks to you all! RT 
Forever sending you love NZ. I might be leaving tomorrow but I will be back again one day. Thanks for being magical and the best study abroad experience
This is a lovely story. Ewa Durska, gold medallist in Rio, receives World Fair Play Diploma. 
Huge mobilisation by the 
These 2!!! Got connected & 
~3 yrs in, 425K customers x- US, UK, CA, AU etc. not scrambling, dedicated to 
MakeLoveNotPorn: The 
Thank you for the 
We're pleased to contribute to 
Congratulations team 
So proud of my wife and 
Turn heads with our 
This Is How Real Men Shoot Animals 
Behold the magnificent Dolphin Gull! RT if you like Dolphins, 
Had a lovely afternoon 
Thank you for having me today 
On the way to see all the bakers 
This time next week I will be with my granny, brother, sister and mum! Haven't seen them for nearly a year! I can't wait, have missed them so much!
My gorgeous men! Love you two 
We do love the roadside picnic 
Good Time in Ischia 
Chinese treat for a top parents eve report. 
Great to see Barretstown was one of 
A massive thank you to everyone who came out to the Barretstown Winter Wonderland! It was amazing to have so many families on site who got to experience the magic of Barretstown 
Thank you so much for today we had a blast 
Which is the “bigger” club?

RT – Celtic

Stay tuned.... 
I have tons to say about Day 2 but most importantly... the fact that 
a nice reminder 
LOVE 
Completely lost in a wee moment mate. Such a special night 
'Awake' now available on vinyl 
Saying I’m grateful is an understatement. 8500 people coming together to share a beautiful moment. Love you SF. 
San Fran!!! See you tn at 
In complete awe. Couldn’t imagine a better place to start the awake tour denver. Got pretty emotional playing that set last night. 
CO! So hyped for tmrw 
Still can’t believe we sold out 1st bank center. Living a dream. I
Every time i leave an 
This weekends shows are my last ones before the awake tour so I think I’m gonna get a lil cray cray for y’all and switch it up. 
 this
Wooww thanks 
Whuttt, thanks 
every show sold out 
So happy for this release 
 July29! SEASON 2017 PASSES ARE VALID TILL 6PM + from 6PM on for a 50% discount 
'Every Time I See You' Feat. RAiK OUT NOW!!!!!!! 
500k spotify streams on ‘Every Time I See You’ Feat. 
Woke up saying Thank YOU!!! also cause I had to to the bathroom for the 100th time. Stay blessed 
Yessss Australia step into 2017.. 
Whatever happened to the talented Ms 
You are my greatest Blessing 
2017 has been our best year since first forming Axwell Λ Ingrosso in 2014 - thank you all and see you soon 
Aw it was so lovely to meet you too! Thanks so much for saying hi & being so kind
I'm working so hard on my makeup looks and I'm posting everyday up until Christmas! It would mean so much if you could follow me & help me achieve my dream
***Help Lottie reach 5,000 followers*** - the more people we reach, the more people become aware of neuroblastoma and other paediatric cancers..... 
Awww that is so kind & sweet of you! 
Huge thank you to 
Brand new updates - 15th NOV.. new music on the list from:


Showed my 13 year old sister the song “Gon Die” by 
Finished painting of my favourite muse ,lovely 
So blessed to be apart of something so great. I can't wait to see what this team has in store for us! 
Never Say Die Volume 5 is SO FUCKING GOOD. Jesus Christ. 
So stoked for 
Hello lovely Londoners
I spy The Big Life! 
Thankssss 
To start a beautiful release day, I'm so happy to share I'm included as one of 
SOCAL - we’re bringing the LOVE and the WUB February 17th. XOXO 
Happy Thanksgiving guys!!!!! Turn that frown upside down. 
I'm so excited for 
THANK YOU LA 
Thank you boo appreciate the love 
have some dj business to take care of in mexico tonight. see you soon cancun  
It's a very 
so excited to be a part of this jam with such awesome people 
Absolutely mental! Over 103,000 plays in just over 2 weeks!! 
Wow. Thank you so much 
hey just wanna stop and say we love you  
So perfect 
Woah ‘See Me’ is out now! 
It’s been 1 year since Red//Blue was released 
Good Times w/ Good Friends 
2/2 I will never stop making music. My new EP is out NOW! 
Great job Rus...
My little brother is the funniest person I know, and I could not fathom a life without him....so please REGISTER & RETWEET, his donor may be on your timeline!!!
Happy Father's Day! 
Ayyy top 40 w/ feels great
Hahahaha thanks for putting up wit me
Happy Sunday everyone 
 - long shot but "Would You Ever" is on of our favourite vocals.  If you check these could you hook us up with the acapella ?  
What an EPIC TRIP!!!  That’s the trip I
playing in Pakistan for the first time ever in December! dreams do come true 
Love always wins 
Too cute! 
Thanks for all the birthday and anniversary wishes! I love you guys!!! 
 YOU GUYS KILLED!!
The only reason I'm watching the  
My first drawing in this sketchbook that I'm gonna fill with EDM artists!

Here's 
 Happy Thanksgiving!! We're grateful for all of you 
 you can now remix "Extraordinary" on 
Beautiful animation available on the BBC Iplayer. I am certain this would inspire some amazing writing. 
He loves 
So upset to hear that Chester Bennington is no longer with us. 
thank you for your support 
What a little legend 
From wild child to working mum, 
Because of donors like James...

Jack received a lifesaving bone marrow transplant, and will get to spend Christmas with his loving family 
Because of platelet donors like John...

Thousands of patients across Wales will get to celebrate with friends and family this festive season 
Working with Linda is the most wonderful thing. I've admired her for so long, her skill is unsurpassable and she's one of the nicest people I know. Both her and Phyllis are so dear to me 
Vote vote vote! Kate's perfect for this and a wonderful person to boot 
Your first look at the 
Harpers been getting used to our stock, today's brand training was 
I am a proud supporter of 
If you didn't already 
What an absolute trooper, if anyone can get through this it's him. My brothers a star, love you Bill
Watch valerianmovie on 4K ultra HD and Blu-Ray 11/21 
Our lovely client sophieottewell loving her 
The happiest moment of my life and the best secret I've ever been able to keep 
Back to blonde for 
So excited for Prince Harry and Megan to arrive in Nottingham 
Hi dear Bob, pls ask Kishan to promote our event on 
I love this! so much oomph in 
What a delicious gift these were! Thank you 
Amber Witcomb 
A happy happy birthday to our girl 
 Yummy Yummy 
Another busy one for 
A big thank you to 
 my dress says 
 my darlings  
But I gotta say, when 
My love to Iran 
Everyone loves Horsepower 
Back downtown 
Views like this make winter seem not so bad after all. Give us a 
Christmas makes everyone feel like a big kid, so make your childhood dreams come true with a trip to Lapland. Give us a 
We love this! So cute 
Care enough to get it right. Taking in all the criticism and tips I
Thank you, from the bottom of my heart, Indy 
If you take care of patients with AFib watch this video. This is what actually happens to the atria. 
So grateful for 
So incredibly proud of my teammate 
Sending a huge Thank You to all of our 
Going to be at Single Stone today
Fantastic halfway point to our 
In love with this print by @pinkijones in the 
The famous 
Please become members and choose 
Yes we love toppings 
December is a time to be thankful. This is my little house far in Sydney’s west. Yes, it’s shabby and, yes, things are broken. But it’s home and it is ours and I am so proud to have it 
Going out to eat always makes me feel spoiled 
Also cost $50 for four people including leftovers and 3 cans of coke! 
What a feast!!! 
Eager to balance the gender-gap? Snag 1 of the last 2 spots in 
Thanks for spreading the word 
Setting up to go LIVE for a chat about 2018 classes. Join me if you have questions or tips to share with others 
Glenfield 
Love both of you!!!
Thanks for sharing 
i 
The amount of charity work and fund raising for all sorts of charities by officers and staff 
To all our heart family together we are stronger 
 Thank you for your support during the campaign to save 
 love you guys xxx
Also remember, that whatever is getting you down, there is always someone who will be there for you & you are never alone 
Spread the 
Picked up 
So much to be thankful for and so much to be ABSOLUTELY NOT TOLERATING. I'm taking a few days to rest up. Hope you are able to do the same 
We’re just catching up on all the awesome tweets from 
Views from Centennial Hall are 
Even if I'm not online as much right now I still see everything. Kim stans vs Khloé stans beefing?? Why? We are sisters, Kim and I are each other's biggest fan! Stop bullying one another! ANY sister love is love! Kim and I are honored to be supported by one let alone many 
‘Tis the season to shop Good American IRL!! Meet us at the 
 is going strong. We hope 
P
Sending all the love to the 
Our thoughts go out to our wine country family and all of those affected by the wildfires in California.  
Can't believe it's the end of the semester w/our 
Also proud and grateful to say my new daughter - thanks to her brilliant 'Tata' 
Amazing to see the special bond between families and 
We have a sweet newsroom visitor! Hi 
, who remembers this gem from back in the day?!
Yay char char 
 There’s still time for you to come join us at the annual Ocean Beach Parade!!! It starts at 5pm! 
 Online Fitness To Drive -  won the 
 with the best scene partner 
 Ahead of the 
So many thanks to 
Omg Irish people are soooo sweet!! Shout out to the lady who just brought me a pack of 
How can we ever thank our 3 fabulous sponsors enough! Tickets available 
Oliver Callan is the King of Comedians & he is a joy to watch & listen to week in & week out & you will never grow tired of his content 
 from our family to yours! Tell us what you’re thankful for this year? 
At Elland Road today at the 
All set up for the 
Congratulations, November Bobcat Students of the Month! We are proud of YOU! 
An amazing day in honour of a very special girl, incredible work 
5th Grade African Masks - We 
Charity#5 - 
Today is 3 years since my daughter's open heart surgery. So proud of her and so grateful for the team at 
As some of you may have heard, Ellie was the victim of a vicious assault. If u have any info about it please contact the authorities or u can help her on her recovery by donating. Thank you and please keep her in your prayers. 
Thankful For These Guys 
RT if you love 
love brother 
Congratulations to all the gorgeous 
 because who doesn’t love 
This is when I was pregnant with my first 
Love, love  
Buy one drink, get one free to share. Nov. 9–13, 2–5pm. 
THREAD 
 I honestly think you guys should do the podcast weekly! Seriously seriously! 
 has the most kind and incredible team of people with the biggest hearts. Thank you for letting me see what you do today 
 Thank YOU 
Thanks to YOU, 
I’ll be at 
We love it when we see people taking steps to better 
LOVE this woman!  Dr. Nanette Wenger, it’s an honor to know you! 
Ain’t no 
We'd 
JAPAN! It was so wonderful to be back!! 
Love you karen
Make sure you pursue your passion today
happy birthday to my bro 4L 
Happy Birth goofball
Q had talked about gettin a Pit Bull and naming him Dragon for as long as anyone can remember, so today that’s what I did 
starving artist based in Vegas; a simple RT could give me the exposure I need
ik its late but a VERY HAPPY BDAY to my boy jrd
HBD TO MY BUDDY SINCE FOREVER JRD. 40 looks good on you 
Love it. These guys are 
Who 
Don't let your intolerances stop you from eating what you love! 
  Don't forget our latest 
Good morning. Glory to god. We are all blessed 
Sending hugs and kisses your way 
Nothing like a best friend to make you wanna 
  FLAWLESS!!!  Love her! 
2 of 3 drawings for Comic Con are done. Next one is 
Happy Veterans Day! Thank you to all who’ve served 
Always. 
Thank you for the Female Athlete of the Year Award 
 if you think Bella should have her own Twitter and Insta 
My teammates never cease to amaze me. So proud of  
‘Tis the season 
Just landed in Columbus for the USATF Awards tonight! 
Night run captured by the lovely 
So much love and excitement embodied in this hug
Cute 
Talented kids - The Skyscrapers 
The mix between a Swedish cyclist and a Norwegian cyclist - Does that make it a Belgian littleone?! 
Highlight of my day was the free parking at 
I also want to say a massive shoutout to 
MixAmpPapi loves all his children equally
Whose ready? Drop a comment, 
Im so proud of us, gg to 
If it wasn’t for 
Big thank you to ALL of the artists who contributed. I 
So great to finally have 
Just met an AMAZING artist shadow_0520 at 
The weekend is here! The Social Media Team will be back first thing Monday morning. Our Support Team will be available to assist with any urgent questions or queries that you may have. 
Did u know that if u text 741741 when u r feeling depressed or suicidal, a crisis worker will text with u? It's a free service. *Retweet*
I adore you 
We do love this! Thanks for being a fan, and congrats on A Hat in Time! 
Gorgeous!
Wow wow wow. Just stumbled on this. 
Thank you for this beautiful case 
TODAY IS THE DAY! 
Fresh and wild mushroom ragout over creamy polenta. 
So this is obviously a super belated Halloween post, but the Hey Arnold movie's out today so it counts and our costumes are dope 
Thanks for the chat Marlo - felt great to chat about my music again 
 forever
Stoked to bring our award winning show to 
We shared our love then, and we will share it forever. RIP to the one and only, Gord Downie 
nbd, just 
Thx so much for your 
Video for Walkaway out now 
New video out TODAY for my new song "Paradise"!!! Directed by the great 
Good luck to our 
So proud to have such an accomplished, dedicated woman as one of my role models. Congratulations, Penny, and thank you for everything that you do 
Look at that! Edmonton you were nice tn. Thx 
Excited to have them. We 
Looking for a unique gift? Check out the Indigenous Craft Show TODAY. There are so many beautiful things to buy and so many beautiful people to see. 
 Thank you for following me. I'm honored. 
Starting the holiday season with a bang at the 
We've got a great lineup at the 
v v cool 
We love seeing all of the moments and memories that are created at 
We're participating in a fun little 2-day contest with 
Had to buy a last minute candle. Tonight we smell like pie crust vanilla and belt it for 
Wanna win FREE 
had lunch w/ a mentor who strongly cautioned against the culture of one-ups-manship in writing & academia. generously read your comrades work, he said. tell them 'good job' when do one, & remember we're not in competition w/ each other if we're all trying to get free. 
823 is coming to Melbourne next week! Featuring 
Fantastic night at JagMeet and Greet in Windsor!!  Thanks to our 
I’ve lived in many cities

But Windsor is the city I’ve lived in the longest

It will always have a special place in my heart 
Follow our NDP by-election candidates on Twitter: 
Tell me you love me 
Still can't get over this track.....it's so beautiful!!! 
San Antonio 2NITE !!! S/O 
So happy to be a tiny part of a great day! Congrats everyone who worked so hard to help our furry friends
Studio Day Today 
Thanks gorgeous!!! 
Thank you girl!! 
When you know the path to your dad's 
Fancy a drink? Try the Vesper at the new (and beautiful) 
Did you know my Cooper puppy comes with a secret message?  
As a community we have to work to end the isolation, stigma and transmission of HIV & AIDS. The bridge will be red tonight for 
So happy to celebrate my bday with my best friends in Chicago tonight!! See you tonight at Spybar! 
5 days jamming at Joshua Tree, things are coming alone just fantastic.. 
Wow, what an amazing story 
There’s just 2 hours left to grab 50% discounted tickets for 33 @ The Steelyard on 16th December! 
I’ve always wanted to be a DJ and make music, purely because there’s no better feeling then performing and expressing yourself through music.

It’s not just a passion to me, it’s a way of life. 

Never give up on your dreams 
Buzzing our label 
PAY DAY DEAL!! 
It is a huge myth that only 
Michelada. On in 20 at 
 last Saturday
Top man 
big shout to all labels who took a chance on us & our music. yall are giving us hope that there are still fair people out there willing to push different faces & sounds, bypassing the unfair judgment part that seems to go around these days 
After seeing many of you guys being SCAMMED for tickets, we have decided to partner with 
Thank you for joining us on our journey into house music..Big 
 looking forward to returning to 
Love you hotdog 
Oooosh! 'Groove Talk' up to #2 on the 
Belocca - Secrets Of The Moon is No.1 in trackitdownmusic 
Hey guys coming live tomorrow on Facebook. 
I love my Paltan
All smiles with Ma in Leh when she visited 
Happy birthday to my darling aunt who is also like my mother 
These boots though 
Thanx to everybody that joined us for an AMAZING Miami Music Week 
Missing these cuties 
Super happy to see our remix for 
Throwback to ADE! Thank you stroxler 
awesome 
Jaggu honoured with the Hindi Cinema Gaurav Award
Happy birthday Bomzi..the man with a golden heart. 
Off to the Lokmat Maharashtra's Most Stylish Awards
Thank you so much for your words! 
Love you
I have just read out your message to mom :) thank u for the love! 
Favourite 
Loveeee this picture 
Thanks girl 
Living my best life 
Played one of the craziest shows of my career in Hong Kong last night, very surreal. See you guys soon 
Bryson Tiller vibes with my fav 
 remix of Dream World from 
To mr. And Mrs. Pandey. 
Sure thanks. I think it's I DREAM OF GENNIE. a girl making everything possible just with the bat of an eyelid was an awesome way to capture my young mind. 
you're so beautiful. 
Special Thank You To Everybody
Involved In Yesterdays Shoot 
We Appreciate The Support 
PLAY WITH ME 
RIP N.E wish you was still with us. N.EV.E.R forget The real OG 
Mark knight ALL NIGHT LONG 
ing this shot by 
Yo Puppycrew! I teamed up with 
Thanks to everyone who danced with me till the lights came on! 
My recent mix for the Raw Imprint podcast is now up on 
022444245. that be the number i dey use bor life. 
LACA BLOODCLART ZETTE 
Fire 
Big shouts to 
From publishing, to recordings, to neighbouring rights — we couldn't be prouder of all our incredible Kobalt clients with nominations at the 60th annual 
Always Coca-Colaaaaa 
Just to say thank you @MelodyFM86 
babeeee 
Hi, mom
We can't say it enough: 
Our work would not be possible without you. 
We rise by lifting others .. 
I gave you pain I gave you melodies this time I give you Bars x


 last nights vibes 
I never thought being an uncle would be so rewarding. I 
HBD To A King 
Can’t wait to see everyone there!: 
 for the McDonald's workers!!! 
Thank You All For Your Support New Music ft 
Don't shout bro 
Happy Birthday Mummy! 
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀⠀⠀        I need God in every
⠀       single moment of my life 
Thank you for all who attended our masterclass 
New music out now!! 

Kay-T ft. 
Please you know where to find us.
Annnnd it’s finally here. Go watch our new video Money No Dey by 
Second video off 
The sky is big enough for everyone to shine 
Who wants the Haze?

Thank you for sharing your stories, for your generous support and for ensuring the future for Black Poets!
Listen to Tempo (feat. Efya) by Reynolds TheGentleMan 
Starting your morning like this is not bad at all 
Happy Thanksgiving evvvverybodddyyy we love y'all 
From me to you 
 tell wizkid that I 
Bless you bro!
Let’s sit back and admire these glorious Phoenixez 
A fave 
Oh.. Yh!! 
Really Nice and Exciting. 
It's been real y'all. Thank you so much Nigeria. Onto much greater things! Now it begins 
Thanks for listening 
Favorite twinning moment 
Good times 
My #1 ace 
Thanksgiving with the Royal’s mscaddie & 
A happy Thanksgiving Indeed with my beautiful family 
 is real 
 in the new 
Today marks 1 year since the passing of my mother. Dear Mother, your son is a star ! You raised such a strong boy and courageous young man. Mommy I bet you showing off in heaven and saying “Look at my son! Im so proud of him” 
Tap 
Melody 
Finally shared my experiences at 
We had a great day at the 
happy 7 year anni to my champ on and off the field. love you foreva 
Me & My Friend Mads... I Love You 
Moscow... with DJ SMASH... what a great guy 
Moscow, my love 
As a huge Gqom Lover it only makes sense for me to have 
Great to chat it up again with one of my idols last night while watching my old club 
This legend did not deserve to go out like this. Truly pain!

Buffon 
Today I will be chatting to 
Sammi , my bro ! Miss you over here 
Mcinfire , my guy 
Isco on the training ground with his son 
If smiling makes you run faster, no one is going to touch Claire 
A message from 
'People just lose their minds': Andre De Grasse has made Canadians 
Don't forget to find your 
We have taken part in this as a team. Also our sponsors 
My coach 
I believes in you 
The cash you raised for Red Nose Day is helping people like Bill do amazing things. Your support really does change lives, 
We are expecting a new family member and are so grateful! 
Happy Birthday and all the best to my amazing wife! There are no words to describe how lucky I am to have you by my side, 
Heard about this today 
Awwwwww!!!! I 
This is worth the watch. Be You. Be Proud. Always. Thank you mom. 
Thank you everyone for the congratulations! 
Thank you everyone! 
Ummmmmmm! Thank you 
so proud of my wild babies from 
Nowhere we'd rather be on 
Help this cuddle bug find a home for the holidays! 
In more important news: ‘Blue’ (the star of our Loreley music video) just had a daughter!!! Isn’t she precious. Send her some puppy love 
We’ll have new camera straps at the 
My thoughts and prayers go out to the families & the victims of the Ohio State Fair tragedy
Everyone knows my 
 I'm losing my fucking mind over this song ITS SO AMAZING
Its world Aids day on Friday. Today i visited 

You remain, like 
Hey our van broke down. We don’t know the extent of the damage but it’s probably going to cost some $$. If you want to help us just grab a shirt! 
Thanks and much love to all of you passionate 
The other night someone personally thanked us for putting our lives on hold and for doing what we’re doing. Those few short words make everything so worth it 
Yo, 
 Thank you all for watching & supporting us through another season! We LOVE YOU ALL! See you in 2018! Much love! 
 Thank you 'family' for tweeting with us once again! 
I MEAN IT!!! 
3 in a row cmon the thistle 
 : binge watching 
some performance from the boys, 3-1 v spartans 
My handsome 
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at the 
Surprise gift from the 
Coming up our 5 goals from yesterday's fantastic Victory v Yoker which puts us top of of the league pics courtesy of 
8 followers till we reach tomorrow's 2800 target before ko who's up for a late night retweet 
We are only 11 followers from 2800 can you help us reach our target by ko tomorrow by the way of a retweet ? 
It's Matchday Eve 3 points tomorrow v Yoker Athletic puts the Vale top of the league people of Auchinairn/Bishopbriggs & Balornock we need your support come along and cheer the team on 
We are looking For a Match Sponsor for this Saturday's huge league match v Yoker Athletic Drop us a Dm if anyone can help 
This is everything. 
Awaiting the birth of baby brother but Winnie girl will always have my 
Congrats on your amazing career 
Congrats on the incredible career! I have always looked up to you and am honoured that I have had the chance to wear the maple leaf w you 
Maybe there's some person out there who hasn't started following their dreams yet that should hear this idk. Thank you 
holiday 
We're recovering from a very busy but successful tasting event yesterday at 
Stretchy 
Victoria Pickett - 1st Team All-Region

I’m so blown away by the response to ‘This Christmas Day’ I’m sorry I’ve made some of you cry. I can’t watch the video either. Every download helps to raise money for 
I've said it once and I'll say it again... amazing season 
Made a “Wall of Champions” in my office from the photos I took this year 
Such an amazing trip home! So grateful for these opportunities to spend time with those who mean so much to me 
Happy Thanksgiving, 
An amazing run comes to an end, but we can’t thank 
French Artist MISS TIC, yesterday at Fotofever, Carrousel du Louvre to sign her new exhibition catalogue ‘Muses et Hommes’ 
stud! congrats lukey!! 
Dads and daughters... 
High 
Superb service from Gemma & 
So excited to launch a new collection of tablecloths on our website 
Pop in to our Fulham store...bargains to be had with Final Reductions now on! 
What a day! We sold out of trees by 2.30! Many thanks to the entire HGCA team.
Little bit of shopping for the girls 
The beauty of FaceTime when you are travelling 
Just navigating our way through to camp with these angels 
 the 3 families of swans along the 11 beautiful miles of Grand Western Canal Country Park are doing well. No longer “ugly”!
Wow!! 
 This! Creamy Red Pepper & Tomato Pasta 
2 years ago singing at Miss world in my beauty and the beast dress from 
I am not a size 0. I have lumps, bumps and curves going on all over. Just another example of how 
Come along and help support a beautiful local charity 
Love this from our friends at ProCook - any vegetarian alternatives our there to share from our followers? 
My favourite place for breakfast 
In November SIX MILLION unique Twitter timelines had at least one 
3 weeks to go - We need to raise £8000 to reach our target!


Looking forward to seeing new 
For the love of god 
Right then, we’ve seen 6c 
Glad to help. 
In honor of David Cassidy, musician and star of 'The Partridge Family,' we wanted to share a picture taken of him by legendary rock photographer Henry Diltz during a press conference at 
Thank you Brendon, stay blesses always
 Thank you so much for inviting us to celebrate our 
Happy thanksgiving y’all. 
Time with fam. 
Thank you to Bob Holt at PH Projects. £50.00 towards the WE 
Thank you to Steven Crawley from 
A little valentine's treat to all our lovely clients 
First time I've tried 
High profile celebrities n politicians who fight human trafficking when it's not trending, much 
Here at Tiesta Tea, we create Loose Change each & every day!
these two... 
Happy, happy birthday 
Italy lovely lady and I already miss you
Huge congrats to you sweet lady 
That's a great question... hmmmm.. 
Noted!
and this  one
‘He was straight when I first met him...’ was improvised by 
MISS YOU ALL
Hello James 
I’m sick in bed and just saw this for the first time. I love this brilliant soul. And I think (
Love this photo Ildy! And LOVE making you incontinent!! 
I love you bud! 
The beautiful 
Yes, Monday:) Hope you had a great birthday. Feel better! 
Happy Thanksgiving! Doors open at 7pm this evening. 
Just discovered this gem. 
Proud sister 
Always love sharing insight into our process here. Great tips from some of our friends, too! Thanks 
When a mommy is working & her son wants to be w/ her.  
I thought being a Principal was great, but surrounded by these gifts are priceless
They just finished their races. And then got engaged. 
Vocabulary and Storybook Character Parade! We 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Thankful for so much especially these two. 
Miss you guys 
Since 2008 we have donated more than $1,000,000 to honey bee research. 
Learn more about Häagen-Dazs 
Congrats on your graduation 
Starting off Mon with a shout out 2 my ESOL co-workers! Hard working ladies! We 
“Him & I” w baby girl out this Friday... 
Johnson Scholars/Take Stock: mentorship at its 
The beginning of something very special 
 One day at a time! Xx
 I jus wanna say thank you because today I was crying alot over life and listening to yr music made me calm down. Much love 
Yay!!! 500k Q&A-Giveaway this week. Send Q's on my IG post! $100 gift cards, etc. Thanks for supporting, fam. 
tb to when I met 
Who has clicked on the Thank you on the District Portal?  Love it! 
One of my favorite events of the year! Mad 
WE ARE 
Amazing season to you coach, the boys, & of course the cheerleaders 
great job today to JV and varsity at the hoco peprally!!!
POWDERPUFF GAME TONIGHT @ 6!!! SUPPORT YOUR CLASS & COME OUT
Tickets available for my shows in January! See you all soon! 
These stages will make you question if you can send them back where they came from!Don't respond to them in frustration practice patience!
No matter how the cookies have crumbled without them there would be no us. 
A good swaddle and a pacifier are key for catching the sandman 
Parenting is 24/7 365. However, the benefits of unconditional 
The message speaks for itself! Tough Love
A lot of parents say I don't know what the hell I'm doing! That's Ok...Trust your gut not the fear!You got this! 
This Nanny Connie approved read by 
2 1/2 to 3 is a great window for potty 
The founders of Statsbot at 
 will be the recipient of the ROBERT ALTMAN AWARD (Director & Ensemble Cast) during the 2018 
Pizarro is closed all day today for a private event! José open as usual for that Monday tapas fix 
Happy birthday to my princess 
Great read on UK dialects by 
Approximately T minus 4 1/2 hours until kick off. 
Niagra Falls, NY: thank you. 
Love this photo. 
Big happy birthday to you. 
Just re watching 
Evening my beautiful queen, hope you're staying safe and having a great time there! 
Didn't ceejay go with you this time? 
So before I go to bed, got the privilege to stay awake for some tweets from my favorite queen Love you 
Only a few days left to book a Hütte with us, absorb all the Christmas spirit while you can 
A bar. Under a tree. With the most addictive Baileys Chocolate Orange. What's not to love 
Welcome to the Warner Nashville fam, 
A big guy with a big heart, 
Love you guys 
I'm not at the bar with her but because of 
 we are on the beautiful 
Baba loves wright pies mmmmmmmmm 
Love seeing all your photos! Keep it up guys!
I am SO happy to be supporting 
Morning ! Beat you 
SAINT LAURENT FOR COLETTE 
birthday love 
hair & makeup 
early 
Love justice enough to ignite action. 
 For you to read...
Do what you can 
These are the books my 'Wild Readers' were curled up with in their dens after school today! 
Oh my goodness, I LOVE this! 
We were lucky enough to have 
Wow! Just seen 
What a 
Watching Am I Right Ladies?! for something, its so good. I miss this show, I forgot how good it is 
My love 
In Leeds tonight at the Key Club with The Movielife. Should be really fun. Thank you to Bristol and all who traveled. Great gig 
Vets saved a cat hit by a car – now all they need to do is find her family. 

Share far and wide. Let's get Perrie home. 
Tickets are being sold TOMORROW, November 30th at Ascension 6:30-8:00. Limited tickets available! 
Thank you Tracy from 
We are so excited that Santa and his elves will be helping our animals at the centre this year! Tickets available on the day £4 includes a pressie!

CANT WAIT TO WISH DMITRY HVOROSTOVSKY A VERY HAPPY BIRTHDAY!!! 
Awesome show by 
Such a great night 
From the ground up. Thank you 
So excited to see what the future holds for Road Gals! 
Gotta love him. 

With respect to those
who see the world without sight,
who have an ear for new melodies yet unable to hear,
who do the best even when others say they can't.
 
Who discover the world and life despite all obstacles, we stand by you. 


Hey Love Army! Count us in again for Rohingya people! 
I love that place as much as my kids 
9 Reasons to Read More. 
Ready to see what Students 
You can add The Storm Runner to your 
Thanks to all my supportive friends! 
Friday evening and so many people tweeting/talking/contributing ideas about student assessment in Ontario for 
Friends are family we choose for ourself 
Love this sauce little number from 
Our fantastic judges with our fabulous winning team Purifire, runners-up VECO and our awesome 
An empty box looking for love! Please send food donations for our community starting tomorrow ! Thank you 
Words, phrases and symbols from 3A
Less we forget! 
Sturgeon soufflé, Acadian wild sturgeon caviar, stinging nettle purée. 
Made on the fly with treats from the  man 
This is some next-level workshop facilitation and participation on the 
repost via @divvypic from octopus_garden_vancouver Acadian sturgeon caviar
It was amazing! RT 
The poets, along with our MIND-BLOWING feature, 
Looking for a fresh start to the new year? We're look for new 
Our favourite 
Giveaway time! 
Cant say enough about the 
Awww. Thank you. 
You sweet sweet man. 
Sweet child from 
Had the best early birthday celebrations last night w/ 
Watching the sunrise over this beautiful city is still my favourite thing to do 
So grateful to bring Praise with me to meet inspiring 
Huge congrats to my beautiful friend 
My not so little Dude just won Student of the Month award and my heart is bursting with so much LOVE 
A moment of compassion and sweetness for a cow who otherwise won't experience much in today's industrial dairy industry. Please RT. 
Lyric video for 
I just sold out my hometown show straight away...CRAZY! I love you Trondheim!!! 
Two more sleeps till I see this special little one again, can not wait!!!!!!!! 
"Everybody needs good neighbours" 

I love taking pictures they don't know about 
“My life’s mission is to fight stigma against people living with HIV.”  
Loved spending time with amazing & inspiring friends 
This is beautiful. I'm so proud of what 
 but the credit belongs to theproductionhouse.ca for amazing work! and these inspiring women.
Late lunch 
Our quick and easy online quote form takes under 5 minutes to complete - why not see what 
Well done Billy, you really are amazing!!! Keep smiling 
Discovered I'm a 
 to our girl 
Missed you all 
Thank you to all my 
 spectators used the 
Total 
Guess what I spotted in the store where I was painting on Thursday Daisy Jane Lynch 
Just an average morning in 
Have you tried our Holiday Blend yet? 
Come work for us! 
Share beautiful moments with beautiful coffee. 
Thank you for supporting Equator Coffees & Teas this 
We can’t wait to celebrate 
With favors of melon, plum, hibiscus, cinnamon, and maple syrup, our new Costa Rica Single-Origin Espresso will surely delight! 
Chamomile and solitude. 
A big 
Happy December 
Today marks the 2nd anniversary I married the love of my life 
Take us back to when Monday Morning Blues didn't exist! 
The very best of 
50 awesome people to follow, if you don’t already 
The tree is officially here. I love living 10 min away from a Christmas tree farm 
Seriously. They get it right Every. Single. Time. 
Proud to share this illustrated animation project that I worked on as part of 
Captain Div 
help tom&his family 
Capture and share straight from the 
Still waiting for Tom's short film to come out!
This is too cute, Awwh
Last weekend we asked y'all to create your own 
Exciting news!!! Superfruit is coming to Japan in March!! Tokyo on 3/24 and Kobe on 3/25 
With every donation we are changing the lives of kids with autism. The graphic says “boys” because my little brother has autism and I’m supporting in his place. 
Today’s 
I love that 
Central time we've got a little over have an hour left, West coast I believe you still have a couple hours left to help 
You guys are amazing! 
I would love to thank all of the staff at the 
Yes Zac!! Love this 
YAY! So glad you're watching. AND you have a whole new season to enjoy too! Hope you enjoy as much as I love KUWTK. BIBLE. Okrrrrrr
Yes!!! 
I love it Thankyou 
I think this is great! Thankyou so much 
Loved meeting you too!
Wow Thankyou 
A new 
A truly iconic musician and beautiful man... Who else shed a tear watching George Michael: Freedom? 
This is definitely our favourite 
Love these little and big ones! 
Love being home on a gorgeous S.C. day! My heart is happy after spending time with these sweet girls! Fun times! 
Sydney memories katie__ku 
The Starbucks Snickerdoodle hot chocolate is literally a cup of joy 
Have you heard of 
I’ve got them both! Proud to support Indigo Girls and Honor the Earth! 
Strong showing from our Special Olympic Basketball athletes tonight.  
My first 2018 cover ! 
 is right: you're honest and authentic and it will take you far. We 
Sunshine, swings, slide & smiles. Photo by Dada 
Adore these incredible people. Thank you. 
Girl!!!! 
This evening we booked our first June 2019 wedding! 

Pumped is an understatement! 
Waking up with 
Sweet friend!!!! 
Who's going to a 
I 
Wherever you go l will follow. 
Couple skate. 
Miss you guys 
Repping the Five Stripes in Spain! We 
Thankful for volunteers like Mrs. James who make a difference for 
An amazing, innovative & disruptive 
It’s a wonderful world isn’t it ?
New life 
New hope 
Love is in the air in episode 17 of Vloggie Williams... 
Should have been A full score!
The Charleston, The Argentine Tango & The Quick Step are all my favourite dances. Amazing Alex & Gorgeous Gorka you didn’t disappoint me in any of those routines. You are my 2017 Strictly winners 
Yes. 
Had a great time w/Samantha at the 
I said I wanted a beignet... and he made me one. 
My heartbeats 
donatella_versace 
WE 
Laura Bush is committed to helping women, but Afghan women have a special place in her 
Tonight I'm in conversation with the very brilliant 
 
Ta for talking last night with us 
For you tt 
Tonight is the night! Watch my duet of “Baby it’s cold outside” with 
Wishing everyone a happy and healthy Thanksgiving! So beyond grateful today.. 
Loved being at 
Even pets deserve a merry Christmas 
This puppy couldn't stop crying out in pain when anyone came near him because he'd never felt a gentle touch. But then he met this woman 
Congratulations to my favorite musical couple & talented jazz group 
Bid on your chance to co-host the 
Shout out to our amazing dancers 
Gotta love a bit of Britney 
We’re reminiscing about our best tour moments with GA. Send us your favorite tour videos 
Yessss Australia step into 2017.. 
Just saw last nights Xf !! Rak-suuuuuuuuuuu 
From 
Rehearsing for this weekend’s Bernstein “Serenade” with the 
THANK YOU!! 
Just saw a woman in Brixton give a homeless woman the gloves off her hands 
The Daily - I 
Playlist updated: we have new releases from artists 
All the love brother 
GUYS! WE DID IT! We have been shortlisted for the final in the 
This guy voted for me as best supporting actor in a musical, and now we’re best mates. Have you voted? Link on my profile 
Do your thing people, let’s bring it home!! 
OUR GENERATION UK TOUR EXTRA DATES NOW ON SALE!!!! I can't wait to see you all!!! 
My tribe!
Thank you! 
Oh what fun we had! 
OMG you guys! You kept her in! Thank you so much to everyone who voted for our girl. Back to it same time tomorrow 
Happy Early Halloween & Happy Birthday Gorgeous 
Audience says it all !!! 
On my way to see my 
My gorgeous 
Look at my Georgey Porge! 
 for the people of Grenfell and the wider community 
My best friend, my ride or die, my beyond talented love has a new book out today! 
Ah Emma 
From taking part,volunteering last year to being a Team Leader this year for 
Too much sauce 
Lil poser 
This outfit is gorgeous 
Over the moon! Love my 
Last night I left the House Of Fun! Thank you 
I'm one of the 
LOVEEEEE 
I'm nominated for 
Its 
 crew - you were beautiful ! Thank you everyone who came and created a peaceful noise with us on Saturday. Keep checking back for more behind the scenes pics and tag us in yours ! 
We are so honoured to have 
Zac Posen at 
We had an absolute blast at the 
Big ups to 
Raring to go at The Castle and Falcon ahead of our last minute show with 
Cheers guys! We can't wait to play! 
Huge thanks to 
Return of the Nick 
Long live 
Nessi ain’t messing around. Much love 
Forever morning snuggles. 
Baby bellies, bathttime and bubbles with mom 
I am a lot like her, and I'm more than OK with that!!! 
No one should have to worry about loved ones in a house of worship, a nightclub, a school or at a concert. 
For the love of lace. 
Support UNICEF's Relief Efforts in Mexico | Created by Salma Hayek Pinault 
Houston, we will do what we can from far away, but please know you are in our prayers 
My loves 
AM snuggles w/ my main squeeze 
Sure has been added to rotation on a bunch of US stations including 
Thank you!!! 
Great night catching up with so many female athletes at the 
Gorgeous Sheldon & Kira, ex 
So excited to be joining 
Thanksgiving wish: may we have an appetite equal for turkey to tolerance & 
Tomorrow night we lock our vollies in the kennels with the dogs! Please help us get at least halfway to our goal, so that we can continue saving Perth dogs in need 
Darling 
Today is 3 years since my daughter's open heart surgery. So proud of her and so grateful for the team at 
Plant goddesses....
Jennifer & Sally
DC 
This 19th-century home is one of a kind. (And we 
Love you momma 
Wait til you meet PaPa Hardy 
It’s 
"Go find what it is that inspires you, go find what you love, and do it until it hurts." Christmas Day Reads 
 trained me to also add 
Proud of you 
JOIN ME- Take the 
My mama the strongest woman I know 
As a community we have to work to end the isolation, stigma and transmission of HIV & AIDS. The bridge will be red tonight for 
 this! Families of 
Love you too 
Omg I Love this!!! Definitely does Big this!!! 
Just a Thank You to YOU... yep, YOU! 
ICYMI: It’s free and easy to join 
You were more to me than anything you could ever imagine and u gave me so much more beyond basketball. I love u forever Coach Kirk 
A message to my #1 guy 
ROAD TRIP! 
 with the best scene partner 
"Come Check Out GAC Lady Spartans -vs-McEachern Indians on Tuesday, November 28th at 6:00 p.m. The GAC Long Forum WBB Committed Conferences Represented ACC, CAA, IVY LEAGUE, SEC, SOCON, USA" 
The other night 
Just got my Mello moving sweatshirt a welcome to mello gang shirt and a beanie I can’t wait ilysm marshmello 
Thank you guys thank you!!
Thank you guys truly. Love you so much. 
 Your brand has made me appreciate music and people more
We are the biggest and the most powerful army in the world. Nothing can stop us, just share and help 
Michigan fam u hold it down EVERY single time 
Rest in Peace Bradley Lowrey, what an inspiration you are. We will never forget you
Can't stop thinking about this amazing place and it's amazing people 
Thanks bro! Love ya 
Did you know that sales through our web store support our non-profit partners? Knock a few things off your holiday list and help us spread some love to 
Today marks the 11 year anniversary of FAKKU going online. Thank you all for the support these years 
Wig for Momoka came in! Now I just need contacts and a 
Senior dogs get overlooked in shelters all the time, but they make the most loving, BEST pets in the whole world 
It was an honor to have a guest mix for you dude
new song One Thing out now on 
Canon featured my photo on their IG page. My life is complete 
Santa Ana last night 
positive ft 
'Awake' now available on vinyl 
Saying I’m grateful is an understatement. 8500 people coming together to share a beautiful moment. Love you SF. 
San Fran!!! See you tn at 
In complete awe. Couldn’t imagine a better place to start the awake tour denver. Got pretty emotional playing that set last night. 
CO! So hyped for tmrw 
Still can’t believe we sold out 1st bank center. Living a dream. I
Every time i leave an 
This weekends shows are my last ones before the awake tour so I think I’m gonna get a lil cray cray for y’all and switch it up. 
On Fox America’s News HQ today. In studio sharing retailer and consumer insights on Cyber Monday PLUS my favorite gifts for the holidays! 
When the Motorcycle Industry Council (MIC) is a client and they offer to teach you how to ride...
We 
Good things come in threes! Shop Jar Goods three packs on 
 member Pascale Provost, HR Business Partner! Her 
I’ve been saving up for a while now and I truly want to give a huge thank you to all of my supporters. I never could’ve done this without you guys. Today I purchased my dream home. Thank you and I love you all! 
SF 
Z I love you so much 
LOVE you Dad
She’s a Princess and you’d be Lucky to know her
#
......It Are Anniversary!!!!! Happy 20th to us!!
If you're at the 
Hoping to find someone to get cozy with? 
Excited to perform at this show tomorrow
10% off everything at Milk! Records 
Much love 
Missing my princess 
  these two    
 Thank you 
I had so much fun with Anthony Hamilton!!!!!! 
There will be brand new interviews with your favorite celebrities coming soon!!!!! Thank you so much for your continuos love & support!!! 
Sharing a special moment with American Idol Winner 
It was so great to see 
Win them 
aw thank you! just made my day 
Shout out to 
Lance Gross Was Harsh But Real As Hell,Not Lying At All
Hanging wit my potna in crime 
Unconditional 
To much contemplation 
ASiiA TOUR
 : binge watching 
ii APPRECiiATE YALL 
ICON HIT 10Million Thank You 
Happy Thanksgiving!!! I am thankful for family and God’s unwavering Love
Kat,I love how real & Sweet you are 
These ladies are everything 
Public appreciation post: heading home to wine, anime & puppies (raucous night) & every days the weekend comes on. Fkn love ya 
thanks chicago for another great night 
Last night 200 kids came to see 
When friends meet, hearts warm. 
Have Drake pie + eat it too! Order a fully-cooked turkey dinner and get it delivered straight to your door or opt for the ultimate holiday meal prep. 
This way to your new favourite table. We’ve unveiled our renovations and can’t wait to have you! 
You 
Lovely to lead Singing for the 
Way too excited to see 
Fancy treating somebody special? Sometimes you don’t need a reason. Find beautiful gifts every time, at Heathrow. 
I have now seen 
Today's the last day to request a new marriage equality ballot if yours is lost or damaged. Takes 2 mins. Pls make sure your Yes counts! 
Room with a view 
OK, now we're rolling on to a little bit of 
San Diego welcomes us tonight 
Albert 
Mia 
It's Fall in Texas, y'all! 
So great seeing my dear friend, the one and only GORGEOUS 
Hate saying goodbye to these beauties but so happy to see them 
Back home in Kinsale and had a lovely meal at Man Friday 
Christmas in Killarney 
The most INCREDIBLE moment on tonight’s 
STOP IT. 

Ah sorry now we’re done. Number 1 
Awh thank you!! 
Ladybird 
Just bought tickets for me and Jordyn 
Make the most of our 
Available on 
Thank you California & New York for another amazing few days 
You are beautiful - my favourite video all year! 
Delighted to say that I'll be joined by Choice Music Prize 2017 winners 
Thanks a mill 
Finding the channels you 
Home 
Ahead of her Dublin gig next week... tune in to the arts show on 
I dreamed about seeing The Police.
Irish author Paul Lynch picks Message in a Bottle to kick off 
I'll be chatting to The Song Machine author & 
Silver for 
Fun fact: When we huddle as a team it’s always left hands in because it’s closer to the heart 

With respect to those
who see the world without sight,
who have an ear for new melodies yet unable to hear,
who do the best even when others say they can't.
 
Who discover the world and life despite all obstacles, we stand by you. 


Hey Love Army! Count us in again for Rohingya people! 
Abit of Best mate love to cheer us up today 
Still all new to this daddy stuff, but basically am her biggest toy!! 
I'm honoured to have received an Honorary Graduate Award today from Blackrock Institute for my work with the RISE foundation & Seanad Eireann.
Former recipients of this award include Paul McGrath, Fr Peter McVerry, John Lonergan 
 from our Auntie Anne's family to yours! Thanks for sharing the 
Today's takeaway:
Design Thinking Methodology IS a HUMAN centered way of solving problems of practice!!!!
Another fantastic Q Bake Off toady in Cork for 
One Of My Biggest Highs This Year! Thank You 
My daughter’s been making hand made cards for the festive pop-up 
So amazing!!! Thank you, fans, for this! I so wanted to go to the 
Wanna apologize if this fucked wit anyone's plans (especially those of you who may have traveled) and also say that i'm soooo looking forward to bringing you my best self next week!

Endless love 
My dad had myeloma so I decided to register with DKMS 2 years ago after he sadly passed away aged 66, it’s something close to my heart already and id love to help 
Thanks to everyone who came out to 
We rise by lifting others .. 
Nah for una pocket!!!!! GRATEFUL!! 2017 been too good!! 
The official music video for my song, 'Romeo and Juliet' is out now folks! You'll love it!Link is in my bio. 
You can’t teach heart,  wait an see 
@wingartking i can only imagine how amazing it feels to have the gift to create beauty from a plain canvass.... I love them, thanks 
Wizkid Fc go so hard! Awon millitant! Lol Love una die! 2018 dem go hear am! 
Best international act - Wizkid 
Best African act- Davido 

The fact that these two are putting Nigeria positively on the global map brings joy to my heart 
I'm proud to say im born and bread in Manchester , a strong working class community and values 
 will light its spire red tonight for this year's 
A Sunset cocktail at sunset at One World Observatory 
happy birthday baby girl 
Making it back to everywhere i missed. Even if i have to make it happen from my own pocket! Will make it up to all my fans. 
Happy birthday to the best daddy in the world!!! I love u daddy!!! 
This week, we give thanks for you - our incredible supporters both on and offstage. Whether you donate $1 or $35,000, you are our heroes. 
“
This is just beautiful 
 Enugu-based OAP 
GLOW SEASON 2 IS NOW LIVE

Fight of the night was 
Happy birthday baby girl okoli_vivian love you big time
Both songs on about 14,000 plays together. Love you guys 
He who finds a wife finds a Good thing! 
Thank you Simi 
Love it 
  we love you and we gonna support you no matter what's happening 
Damn , I miss Chime and Dj Olu meeeeeeeeeeeeeen !!! Rest well brothers 
My brother Alton 
UK! Brighton! London! Grab your tickets noooow! 
I'm emotional today but  napgirls's photo is going to make me sob on this plane. I love you 
My little brother is the funniest person I know, and I could not fathom a life without him....so please REGISTER & RETWEET, his donor may be on your timeline!!!
- love you too
And to my family 
New video 
New music out now!! 

Kay-T ft. 
Please you know where to find us.
Annnnd it’s finally here. Go watch our new video Money No Dey by 
Happy Birthday to the forever fabulous 
Thank you to everyone who came to 
Thank You All For Your Support New Music ft 
Don't shout bro 
Starting your morning like this is not bad at all 
What a night! 
My brother  
Listen To ''HONEY''(L3 Me) ft 
Thank you all for a wonderful 
You are the pillar that holds my life 
Second video off 
The sky is big enough for everyone to shine 
Dear Ladies:

How a simple photocopy of your CV done at an internet cafe can get you sex trafficked or find yourself working as a prostitute in the streets of SA [Thread]

RT for awareness
Woooow. So proud of you hun!
 tell wizkid that I 
From me to you 
One more week 
Playing the 
These next two moths we play LV, SD, SF, Portland and Seattle. We're so lucky. Tickets: 
This is our album! It is available for purchase exclusively at our shows. Tonight is the first night 
No no. Shaker is my brother. It’s just a line, no disrespect to am. He be senior man I beg 
Tepa last night 
Chale me the shoe I dey want 
Sarkodie best Album is “MARY” 
Bless up 
How many of you can spell READY!!! All roads lead to westhills mall on 9th December guys make sure seh ya dey deh!
10 tix left as of last night for tonight's show at The EAGLE Inn in Salford 
Happy Sunday. I hope for you, it's filled with all the things that matter most in this world, especially your favorite people. 
Drink 
Man, Gord Downie is one of those true-blue kind humans, which makes his music THAT much more an inspiration. Some people aren’t looking to be famous they just want to share art and joy their in own special flavor. Again, what a LIFE. 
Today my thoughts are with Charlottesville. We were just there a couple weeks ago and the city and its people are lovely. Stay safe. 
Guest hosting on 
Headed to 
I am feeling a lot things right now . All things must come to end though. I thank you all for support. I cud  not have done it without u .This is from me to you, lovers and Gingams And The Guys Toooo Love u all. 
Beautiful boy 
30% off the perfect velvet dress 
“DO WHAT YOU LOVE.” 
Happy Friendversary, Tom!!!
HBD To A King 
 if you have added us on Snapchat!
 if Kwincy is your favorite Fiend!
 if you're ready for a new challenge!
There are 5 hidden Fiends!  
It's Fan Art Friday! Show some 
DEADHEADS! 
When it comes to picking our fave spot in Coventry, we really are spoilt for choice! 

However, for it's beauty, symbolism and amazing relationship with the University, it has to be 
Such a powerful video! Awesome to see my friends taking a stand against issues like racism, bullying and homophobia 
Please RT:
We continue to get messages almost daily from various community services working with children and young people in need this Christmas. The requests for pyjamas is higher than ever this year and we need your help 
We hope to see as many people as possible showing their support tomorrow for World Aids Day 
Solidarity at its best: 
Back where it all began tonight, in Nottingham!!! 
 Spread love
I love u 
We’ve been so well supported by the BBC in the Midlands - here’s a video of our interview from earlier this week 
Huge thank you to 
Always love sharing insight into our process here. Great tips from some of our friends, too! Thanks 
Thanks for having us at your Fall Kick-Off 
I’m back guest co-hosting on 
Loved every minute of it! Thanks for having me 
Our community has given so much to us, we can't return the 
Thank you from the bottom of our 
Hey folks! fivebyfive.io is looking for other 
We Dine Together.... awesome 
Sad news! Thoughts and prayers to the boys and the families. Wishing a speedy recovery to everyone involved 
 my man he’s probably the most inspirational and motivational person I know
Treats from 
Plan a Winter getaway with 
WOw wow wow 
We’re thankful for these amazing 
Girls, why not treat yourself to a relaxing massage this December? We have the girls from massage & glow coming to 
Looking for a fresh start to the new year? We're look for new 
YES BOYS
Pleasure to help cover the game today, deserving to be in the hat for the next round and great to see so many friendly faces 
What a performance again from the boys, once again disappointed not to come away with the win, but still in the hat on Monday, great bunch we have here 
STEPS WERE ABSOLUTELY PHENOMENAL 
That's bro 
We're Live on Insta story from 
Remembering friends no longer with us & friends still living with HIV or AIDS. I love each and everyone of you from the bottom of my heart.
Happy Birthday Beautiful 
Great charity and cause - and awesome Christmas present!! 
Lovely present from some wonderful friends who went to Bob Wilson’s charity night 
Happy 21st birthday to our beautiful boy Callum Bastock  , truly a wonderful son 
Have a awesome day 
Loves ya 
Massive queue outside the 
I want to say a huge thank you to 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Thankful for so much especially these two. 
It's Out today!! I did my best to give you a musical tale, where the sound is just the invitation, but I'll see you on the inside. 
Looking forward to being back at 
Athens!!! Thank you, people! We love you! 
This is fab 
Read the story and watch the 
Have a great last 2 shows  
Sooo excited about this!!!! Miley will be soooooo excited!!! 
The pleasure was genuinely all mine they are awesome and both such a blessing 
Here goes 
Please text SING to 70144 and donate £3 
Please join us in supporting 
Helloooo Sheffield 
On the road to 
Well thank you Liverpool 
Here we go Liverpool 
AED & BLS session just completed tonight at 
Today is 
Fucking love this! 
It was an honour cooking against the 
 So beautiful 
Lani and Louzel 
We will miss you 
Thank you mom 
Wow!! So special that the judges 
Tannie Lani is such a cutie 
Last year I used my MP pay rise to take 50 kids to the panto along with 
BREAKING NEWS! Following 
My awesome banner with many many thanks to 
If you're ever in need of some neon in your life we recommend visiting 
Come and join our Christmas 
Happy International Women's Day! 
Thanks to everyone who came out to our Zumba event and to our lovely instructor Mona! 
Now that Brie's a mum, she's finding new ways to help women in need.
Abbey Green filled with brilliant indies & looking absolutely gorgeous in autumnal colours for today's 
That’s the spirit! Cat ears coming soon 
That makes me smile. 
A beautiful design Meghan Markle's trilogy engagement ring represents her and Prince Harry's past, present and future together as a couple 
Many thanks 
Another successful Friendsgiving by 
-ing this little number from 
Lambeau with my Love 
NEWS we think Rosie is very near 
We
 spare a thought 100,000s people who are carers 
They do this because of 
Amazing sessions on fashion and queer black history this morning! Got me all excited and thinking 
Proud Country House 
love you all 
It's damp n chilly isn't it? We're collecting warm things for those on the cold streets this winter. Add to 
What a great event 
Are you ready to BE THE CHANGE you want to see? Join our 
Day 2 - My dog and I.  
Me and Pebbles.  
Diolch 
Coco is one of the most beautiful movies I've ever watched. I laughed and cried and left the cinema smiling. Such a joy
PEOPLE! Listen to me. Go see 
Possible sighting of Rosie the wire fox terrier at the north east corner where old street joins Goswell road. This was last Wednesday at 9am. Anyone able to poster, 
All the feels. 
Absolutely love this picture from the wedding!! 
 Very proud of our 
3 MOBO’s, love you all, thank you 
Go check that my people 
 wow! Love your track playing NOW ON 
Inspired by all the New Yorkers I see running, walking and biking along West Street today. 
There’s only one. Happy Birthday to the best nat_waxro aka Natalie. 
Oh my God what a God I serve 
Indeed! 
Nothing beats bringing together good food and great people especially if you're struggling. 
Looks a quality bottle love to add to our collection 
Many thanks to all our amazing volunteers who participated in the annual Wreath Laying today at the 
Each year we give THANKS to all of our amazing volunteers for their time, enthusiasm and never-ending support of the 
The Veteran residents at our eight 
 Storyline on tonight’s episode of 
Proud of my home state tonight. Virginia is for 
Happy birthday Walt 
Celebrate your family & loved ones everyday! 
Thankful for our LA and world wide community! 
Don't forget to get your tickets to West London Synagogue and London Gay Men’s Chorus present 'Resistance' on 
Everyone knows my 
Specials today 
thank you to everyone for the support and well wishes 
Thanks for the mention! 
It's my anniversary month. Makes me have all the feels 
Last night with my beautiful fiancée 
Last night 
That’s how you close 10 years of 
So proud of our 
Had the most amazing launch party for my collection with 
Awwwwww Shappi 
Thankyou so much for making it the dopest BSTK ever. So overwhelmed by all the love. Now let's smash 2017 
The holidays are here and that means its time to bring back Christmas Angels, benefitting the kids on the wait list at 
This holiday season YOU can make an impact on a child's life by helping us with 
No stopping any of us now. Im so glad people got to hear children showing dignity and respect for the residents 
Dec My Zimmer Christmas Special! Great to see school children getting involved with our falls prevention initiatives! 
 via 
Watch what happens when this big brother spots his little sister after getting off the school bus. It's priceless 
Back at the dentist 
we threw a party! 
I love this... look 
this concept dev byva tesco branch.A wishing washing line... residents were asked what they would like... wishes put on the wishing washing line and people asked if they could support. 
Only Love Heals Hates Wounds........ 
All you need is LOVE!
A brilliant day out on Int’ day of people with a disability 
What can I say. So much joy receiving another award at 
I’m catching up on last nights 
Honoured to go back to 
Finally watched La La Land. I love it. I absolutely love it. 
Love Actually is the best film
In stock now 
 time! 
Met this beautiful lady yesterday 
You’re so welcome. Congrats! RT 
Welcome to the Warner Nashville fam, 
Reality 2017: 

While you walk home at night you record and edit an podcast session with a bar owner from brasil and talk about how to deal with two concepts in a room.20 Minutes later its distributed all over the internet

love that shit 
Tap the 
What a weekend! Karting, rugby, spa’s, and finishing off with Deaf Havana, amazing adventures with 
LAST DAY TO ENTER! Even if you aren’t in it for the dresses, the American Red Cross rules and helping people is awesome 
Finished up the sticker designs for the Ink Master Angel girls
Pleasure to meet you Anthea, and thank you for the kind words of advice you gave us! 
The only place in the US where u can watch 
1of the best things abt watching vintage 
Working with Linda is the most wonderful thing. I've admired her for so long, her skill is unsurpassable and she's one of the nicest people I know. Both her and Phyllis are so dear to me 
Oh my WORD. I'm so embarrassingly proud you're my friend. Also I would absolutely be unconscious if I'd talked to her, so congrats for being conscious. 
Day 1 of Crohns & Colitis Awareness Week 
Friends, I’m looking for a new adventure! Here are some things I’ve done before…

- Co-Founder and DevOps Consultant
- Head of Delivery 
- Programme Manager 
- Technical Product Manager
- Public Speaking
- Community Leading

Fancy a chat? DM me! Please RT 
From wild child to working mum, 
A moment of compassion and sweetness for a cow who otherwise won't experience much in today's industrial dairy industry. Please RT. 
Knit Tie 
RT if you show your love for animals by not eating them 
 .... This City is the Best and I for One Love it 
I genuinely feel your pain. My grandad was born Highgate 1921. He died 2014. Adored the peaky blinders tv show. I grew up hearing all about them. He always wore his flat cap too. So grateful I got to hear first hand stories of the peakys, like you'll hear from your nan. 
Thank you for taking to the time to write that Amy. Me too, fingers crossed 
Thank you bro 
sending love to your nan 
Thank you for taking the time out to send that 
I will do guys, thank you 
Thank you guys! This is incredible! 
Unbelievable response already. Thank you to everybody for helping me & my family out by reaching out to those in a position to do something 
Delighted to get thru to the next round after a tough battle v Gary Wilson today,thanks for all ur kind messages again and looking forward to playing my Pointless partner 
Love this picture from our MINECON Earth Party! So many great questions at the 
I can see myself & my Nanna! Lovely to see my Nanna on there!! I will come to visit it when i can 
And God Bless Our Deb, one of the very best cultural ambassadors sharing 
We are making vans look pretty today 
Another glorious day for installing signage 
When you pull an existing fascia down to reveal traditional sign written signs 
LAST NIGHT WAS AMAZING!!! 
I had so much fun in Denver! 
Love to 
SF. Once again 
I love these dogs!! Norman and Elsie make every day better 
We were delighted to host a 
All I know is 
Mannnnn tomorrow gonna be wild. Love throwing shows at the church- 
Sending Pride love down to 
Australia said yes 
We're already missing the sunshine, incredible vibes, & all your smiling faces! We hope everyone made it home safe 
Took a break from fashion week this morning to get my hair styled with 
An epic love ballad...
I am because of you...I LOVE you!
In love with your 
Love shooting with this fun bundle of my Zindagi 
 love all these guys 
Ask and you shall receive 
In case no one told you today! 
The moment right before opening “winter’s tale” 
Ours too 
Please check out my debut special, 
 we have 3 weeks left to reach our 
My London run of Ladsladslads is now on sale I love you 
my adaptation of Pride and Prejudice has been published so you can put it on for your parents 
HD PIC - Super dapper 
Pics : Inside pics of Stylish Star 
INSTA PICS - Rocking the airport look with his Swag & Style 
INSTA STORY by mira.kapoor 
HD VIDEO - Super handsome & dapper 
Video :Stylish and handsome 
VIDEO - Our Style King 
shoutout to 
Literally got butterflies. Can not wait to go back 
wow 
Thanks for always vibing with me 
Thank you so much!!!! 
Thank you for 1 million followers™ now i officially dont have to pay rent in la thank u 
Arts & Sciences. And especially music. We are all connected 
I am gonna spend the rest of my life with the love of my life 
Second time seeing 
Me with my favorite couple 
We salut you Mercy! 
There is hope and light in our dark world because this project has been funded
Happy 21st birthday to my favorite guy in the whole world! 
WE DID IT!!!! 
I am thankful for 
I’m so lucky to be able to experience this life with you
Thank you for playing us in heavy rotation! 
Thanks for the play 
Thank you for the spin 
Thank you for sharing the love
You're not doing your 21st right unless 
Join us at The Chat Room on Saturday at 2 pm for ArtsGoggle!!! 
Main thing to take away though is that Dublin got the best out of us for three absolute slamming gigs in a row. Big fucken love to all 
My beautiful mum and nephew 
Love of 
Link in bio and pinned tweet. 
My nigga 
Breaking the 2-hour marathon. Crazy? Yes. So we’re doing it. 
Well done guys I see your outchere trying to change the image, just keep trying doing best and challenge yourself we won't give up on you doesn't matter which person in some position says what
The first of 40+ candlesticks soon to be on our hire list 
This photo is EVERYTHING 
Babe don't you think bikes are also weak? 

Let's raise the standards like, RelationCar Mercedes Benz AMG SUV G63 2017 
Barrington kindergarten students proudly share the canned goods they collected to donate to Heart to Heart Food Pantry 
Look at the happy 
Good night 
Day ones. Ride or die. Life. 
thando__m  
Fast asleep and quite unaware that it has just become one of 1497 pups counted on the Farnes so far this year. 
Happy Mother's Day to all those animal lovers out there 
Love this drawing depicting Angel Abby in Dog Heaven watching over all of us.  󾆷󾇛
Pet bereavement days! Finally 
 thank you for Being the awesome artist you are and blessing me with the song Believe in Me, when i say that song is so powerful and your delivery of it is so elegant and spiritual thank you so so much 
This gives me all the feels! 
 omg thank you so much!!! Love you!
@iwinyouloseokay thank you so much women like you are the reason why I keep it up 
BARTENDERS WANTED

Looking for friendly, passionate people to join our hard working troop.
MK is all about great beer&independent breweries. If you 
Remembering Al. 
A huge well done to 
Christopher & Leona's BENJI Bear now has his own Santa Hat ready for Christmas 
SceneStar with Martin tonight from 9pm

Until then, fresh food made to order

Open till late

We
Tonight we bring you SceneStar!

Food served till 9pm

Open till late

We
Ramsbottom 
So proud to be part of both of these teams! Both Sirens and Scotlands U21 team were winners at the Scottish Women in Sport Awards 2017! 
Why I love soccer. 
Sending love and support 
Start with why 
Just imagine 
VOTE FOR US in 
This needs no words ... just THANK YOU 
50th Birthday Party 80's theme - 
Today is the last day to support our 
OMG!  The GIANT Health Event starts in 1 week 
Thank you!! 

I 
If not sold out GO+SEE 
(N.b. - we get the donations even though we’re not expecting to hit our stretch target - the book donations, however, should take us to target 
Thank you so much for today we had a blast 
Whoop - 
So this was lovely at the Christmas Tree Festival tonight in Datchworth with 
 fantastic new music in my Xmassy-car 
'SUMMERFLOWER' printed on herringbone linen, £45/m2 - DM me if you want to buy 
It’s never been closer for Elizabeth but she’s still fighting on! 
 gutted to be missing tonight. emotional to think it's the last gig you will be doing for a while! Always the best crowds and some of the best nights Iv had over the last ten years. Enjoy every minute and see you all again soon im sure! 
Glasgow you were wonderful, but I’m glad to be home & cosy!

Chilling in my new PJ’s tonight... and supporting 
Wow such a busy day with our last Warrington Cluster 
Rest in peace Bradley Lowery, such an inspiration to us all 
@darrenw0611Aww, we're so pleased he made it before Joshua's birthday, our Wilbur be looking forward to sharing the cake. ^Shelley :) 
I’m not a royalist, but the way Liz looks at her grandson here 
So good to see my day 1 
I never thought it would be possible to love my job more and more each day! 
The world can be so unimaginably cruel. My thoughts are with you Manchester 
From little acorns.... started in 
NEW SINGLE ‘KNOCK ME DOWN’! Please retweet and spread the love 
Hello World! 
Thank you for all the amazing support this past weekend from amazing fans 
Happy to of won my won my first race of the season in the 200m.. now prep and get ready for the 100m tomorrow!  Thanks for the support!
LIFE IS DANGEROUS. New 
At Keighley this morning linking in with the ladies at Roshni Ghar, lovely welcome
No thank you all for your wisdom and beauty. There’s no better day. 
Ok decision has been made. Please welcome our elf Penny of the Palms. She is here to look over all the children of Liverpool 
Thank you so much for such a flattering message! We are very happy to see you had a memorable stay! Come back soon! 
heartwarming. People of 
Watch out for 
 is over but we have staff to celebrate! Margaret retired this yr & 
HCA Ranjit has made many friends 
We are today's 
Until next time Bradford! 
You've got a friend in me. 
A beautiful Mum & her twins.
Just a simple moment.
One these three will cherish for years to come. 
Well, we’re not quite bike shops, we try to be more, big shout out to 
Fab visit from old friends 
Shout out 2 
having Ss start the day with self reflection 
Goodness prevailing right here.
 crumple a sheet of paper, then trace the lines representing brain growth after a mistake, From p15 Mathematical Mindsets by 
Writing what we are thankful for! I am so thankful for them each day 
Mrs. Wolf’s class 
my choir folk singing @ senior night 
As long as you wrap your arm around me 
A Girl Who Wants The BEST For You Is The BEST For You 
Love my second Family 
A “home” game for our cheerleaders. 
A year ago on this day I lost my half sister to breast cancer. I love and miss you so much Melanie. I'll see you again someday 
Get on the bookstore love train! 
Thankful for this great new view 
Our tailgating looks a little different this game day. But, the fan base is getting cuter 
Happy Birthday, Charlie
Thank you .
ok, past midnight I change from 
One of the wonderful orgs in the Chicago area that helps families with doggy medical expenses and sends care packages to dogs with cancer 
Thank you for coming by 
We’re thankful for our entire 
Congratulations to our coaches and support staff who make each season possible! Thank you for all you do! 
Woah. So happy to have been a part of this tour for 3 summers. Taught me so much. Including how to be patient for food. ;) I owe you warped. 
It’s my wife, Ellen’s, birthday. Breakfast in bed today, my dear! She has always put everyone else first. Great mother to our children and the players we coached. Her coach’s wife mentality has made our success possible. 
 I had a lot of fun doing it~!  
We LOVe our Alumni. They make us proud! Reading for James. 
Check out my good sis 
A big, big, big thank you to the Biola Volleyball and Soccer seniors who played their final matches today.

We 
I was mesmerised when I first heard it at the magical 
Thanks so much for listening and sharing!! 
That time KP left her recorder AND hard drive at 
Best way to start the day? 
If you 
What an amazing band 
Thanks hun!!
Nothing like a big bowl from 
 Saying thank you to the special people in my life is on my year-end bucket list! 
In honor of my 1000th post, I
Gone head Chano.. we're proud of you 
Thank you so much for today! I absolutely loved your talk and your style absolutely rocks!!!! 
Sensational 
Presenting our Christmas video: Elf S.O.S. ! Enjoy! 
Thanks guys we love our 
Gorgeous photo. Thanks so much for such a fab night 
Please become members and choose 
'Where to go for the best winter cocktails in London' 
It's a must, you need to try our sweet and savoury Fondue! Thank you for this feature 
Dalloway's "elegant, poetic, and quintessentially English space". Have you seen our decor yet? It's magical! Thank you 
Our delicious cheese fondue is back! Thank you 
I am so excited to listen to Ann speak on Saturday. She is full of positivity and I can't wait! 
A great night at the 
Eager to balance the gender-gap? Snag 1 of the last 2 spots in 
Check out the stunning Rebecca Gibson with Shay Given at this week's Irish Book Awards, wearing THE most jaw-dropping Zac Posen gown masterfully altered to the perfect fit by The Zip Yard! 
Before & After pics from today's Festive Wear Style Clinic on 
You were so amazing wow!!
Loving this look on 
 is tops 
Let's do something together. Read a poem or essay or whatever by a POC writer now, & link to it below. If not online, take a photo & attribute. Or quote from it. Let's read together, let's grow what we read together. Let's hear diversity. 
My beautiful Mama on her wedding day in July 1969 
Don't Forget To Tune In To The Third Episode Of The 'A Moment With' Series On Facebook With The Lovely @facesbygrace23  @ 12pm 
Thank you to all the bloggers 
Thanks for sharing Tina! 
Thanks for spreading the word! 
It's time to start adding a splash of red to your wardrobe ready for the upcoming festivities 
Happy birthday Mum 
 books coming to us this week  for her big launch next weekend. 
Glad you guys are enjoying ‘OMS’ acoustic 
Congrats Harry & 
So happy to see a mixed race princess to be 
‘A Christmas Wish’... #1 in Kindle Romantic Comedy chart - wow! 
Morning world, welcome to Saturday. A library visit, a tattoo appointment and proofreading are my adventures for the day. What are your plans? 
 fabulous folk 
My wife has fallen in love
We are still catching up with all the tweets sent so far today about 
My friend who is in agony with depression finds Christmas very tough. “Everyone is in great form.” Many people suffer in silence. Be kind 
Off to an amazing start to our Jimmy Fund teen wkd. Thanks 
Yay! I've got the wonderful 
A splash of red always puts a spring in our step 
Gifts signed by 
Happy Sunday! We're ready for another festive day with 
A queue full of fragrance devotees at the Jo Loves store 
What a wonderful day with 
Cancel your plans today because Jo’s in-store 
Exciting festive day 
What a lovely review by Heather from Vegan Is The New Black 
They do look awesome. Love the colour 
Bring it 
This baby squirrel got caught on a thorn and was dangling up high in a tree. Rescuers knew they had to save his life 
The Voxpro choir making us proud tonight, performing in Saint Fin Barre's Cathedral in aid of St.Luke's Home 
Seriously, how amazing is this 
Excited to get 
I'm always so humbled to be in your presence 
Gentle giant 
Congratulations Kim to you and your family on your new arrival
Pls Spread the word 
My skin has never looked better!  I had several skin diseases/issues but they have become nonexistent with my 
Merci NYC 
Our Under 21 combination with 
You'd have a 
I love being gay. I love gay people. 
We chit, we chat. We talk about Adam's pop star career. Happy 50th 
Proud to be from Virginia today. Congrats 
Goodnight Argentina!!! I will never forget this night as long as I live! 
My mom is the bravest, coolest, and funniest person I know. When I grow up (I’m still pretty young ALRIGHT?!) I want to be as strong as her. I love you, 
So, yesterday I sang in front of a few thousand Japanese skating fans and TBH it was pretty awesome. (Thank you 
Happy Worlds AIDS Day 
Here's to the weekend 
Reposting 
Awww too sweet 
Last night we launched shows in Southampton with nakamarramusic & they killed it 
Didn't think I could love peaky blinders more than I did, but 
The fucking main man 
So sad to hear of the passing of Malcolm Young. I have so many fond memories of him from my days on the road with AC/DC.
I always found him interesting and good company and he was the heart and engine of that great AC/DC show. My condolences to his family and AC/DC fans.
I just read this and levitated off the floor a bit 
Oh summer, you're still here 
#88 #65 
Do you enjoy cartoons? How about cartoons made with love on a computer? Here's one I made called Meat Mysteries 
Thanks & love to everyone who came out last night to pack the Fringe bar!! We love you!! 
Make sure to check 
last night my dad said “i’ve never seen any other singer or episode of this show, but she should win” 
happy thanksgiving american lovers 
We're up for a slot at Rifflandia music fest!
Check out the link to throw a vote! 
Want to wish 
You really got people to tune in. 
Coffee and corrections. 

A dozen is a great start,  PEI! 
Travelers S2 starts filming TODAY 
Happy birthday to our beautiful, inspiring friend 
Macha is doing her best against her Addison dissease, and this one has been the cause of Anemia and Diabetes.
We have been trying cover her treatments for a few months but now it's getting difficult and her case is getting worse.
Thanks for your interest on my work and help 
Have fun 
Ireland's Late Late Toy Show surprise!  I'll never grow out of loving this show. Christmas season begins when the toy show has aired !!! 
Best fan gift - Alpaca socks!! Feet are toasty toasty ! Thank you 
Thank you Sarah for becoming a monthly donor. We appreciate you
So blessed to be a part of 
Let's mark the start of  
The Girls at 
debut album CONTACT out now. vinyl / digi available on bandcamp. so much 
 blowing my mind again    
USA and VANCOUVER // DOLLHOUSE TOUR DATES begin again Nov 24 in Portland. Check the dates and get your tix. 
My heart still flutters anytime someone asks me to sing some 
Felt really good to be makin music again 
  So lovely to meet you yesterday 
Sneak peak from our 
The final moments of an absolutely mind blowing tour with 
"Second Skin" music video OUT NOW on 
Tickets & VIP packages are already moving fast! Join The 
omw to Vancouver BC to play 
Follow on Instagram and DM me to win 2 tickets for my show tomorrow night 
We've got a great lineup at the 
Starting the holiday season with a bang at the 
We love seeing all of the moments and memories that are created at 
Loving the 
Love this remix from 
Blazin'-n-praisin' || Hope everyone had a great long weekend 
unlikely friendship 
Have we mentioned lately how much we 
FANTASTIC DAY WITH FRIENDS IN KINGSTON 
Tonight London ! 
 album #1 on radio charts in North America. 
One of dance music’s fastest rising stars, we can't wait for Helena Hauff's return to XOYO this Saturday
HO HO HO MERRY SOUPMAS!!! Treat yourselves to a festive Sunday roast here at Soup Kitchen 
Put your hands up in the aaaiiiirrr if you love 90s night and 
Dryland 
Just came across 
These babes give me and my music so much life! 
Our debut album 'Strange Hymns' is out today 
Listen: 
 happy birthday dude! Been amazing to see you keep on killing it 
feeling extra thankful for all the amazing people I
 Rodarte’s FW17 beaded look and gloves in 
Happy Thanksgiving from the Badass family! Thankful for all the memories we have made this year and for your ongoing support! 
You were fabulous in Leeds! So lovely to meet you and the Vandellas! 
 We were at the show in Salisbury last night and you, Lois, Delphine and the band absolutely rocked it!  Fabulous night, thank you for your top class entertainment! 
Alright, here’s my stop! Thanks for hanging gang 
Possibly my career highlight, while everyone else is dancing this guy is just living his best life on the river 
 I need more music!! 
Did you know the best things happen while you're dancing? 
We love you, 
Wow. Still soaring from last night’s 
Loved having 
Along w/ 
Perfect timing. My second last day of filming 
Congrats team 
 your piece on 
Le gateau d'anniversaire Halloween de ma Ninette. I 
Went to see 
Hello babies! Time to wake up! Let’s get this day started, or text me about that boner
Love should be this simple 
Back home after 4 days in 
Love ya Jerry thanks!! 
A million views and counting !! Thanks for all the love on 
I forgot how much I’ve missed yoga in my life. Something I’ve grown to love 
What happened when Chucho’s opened on the “worst” street in the Toon... 
Carlisle this weekend. Can’t wait. Great memories of playing Carlisle n was one of the first places where we felt like we belonged 
Very Proud of All of our Law enforcement officers of 
I love you Carla. 
want to bring joy to everyone i cross paths with 
Little princess with her Marine
We are working our socks off at the moment - we're doing our best to respond and say thank you to every last one of you - you're all genuinely wonderful! 
We have been overwhelmed with the generosity of people this winter! Heartfelt thanks to everyone who continues to donate 
You're never to old for a chocolate advent calendar!  
This was written by an Austrian kid. Can you guess what it means, my American friends? I think it's so cute 
Slayer - "Raining Blood" (1986) 
Co-operative Pubs are 
Rose award from Visit England for the gorgeous Swansdown apartment at Coble Quay Amble 
Beautiful fresh morning at Swansdown at Coble Quay Amble. All ready for today's guests 
Fantastic news for 
We would like to say a great big thank you to all the 
Sending load of love and positivity to our very own 
Manchester Apollo. A literal dream come true. What a way to end our biggest UK headline tour to date. We all did a cry 
Berlin last night! What a beautiful city with even more beautiful people! Thank you for having us 
Today we’re celebrating the courageous women defending 
Jammin’ wit da bruva 
 could you pls vote and share for us. Help us screen young hearts and place more defibs 
 thanks for the lovely decorations to put on the Catford Christmas tree 
Arrived at my door IN LA, for no reason except to send me love 
Enjoying your morning coffee on the veranda and knowing you’re on holiday! 
Also the songs for Bradley Lowery from both sets of fans were beautiful, little hero 
Would SHE 
Sometimes we need to give people that smile when they can’t find it. 
On behalf of the underserved youth we serve, thank you, everyone, who donated on 
ITS GIVING TUESDAY!! 
HAPPY BELATED BIRTHDAY to my favorite person everrrr & my bff 
 happy birthday baby j!!!!!! Love you so so much!! 
We are all Proud to be Pumas 
damn i’m so fricken proud to be a perry puma no matter what
So much love for Glaister right now. 
I told the bub (5) about 
There are two chances to 
A Monday morning treat! 
Still bursting with pride 
Wow. So this just made my day. 
Would really love to get to 1K on instagram, and 4K on YouTube. Please share, if you think my content could help someone you know 
Look at this gorgeous new book from the incredible 
Absolutely gorgeous! OMG 
Fantastic trees shared tonight! If you haven't picked your perfect tree yet!  Come & see us! We're OPEN from 7:30am - 7pm. 
Plus a HUGE happy book birthday to 
Blueberry and rosemary cheesecake, stem ginger loaf cake at Shayamas artist open house 
Just finished 
I'm not supposed to be here, but gotta shout my 
Thank you so much for having me and for all that you do 
VERY MUCH enjoyed the ‘imagined Victorian drawing room’ as a set for 
Congratulations to the new 
You get what you give 
You guys can officially sign up for my website! I have been working on it for months.  Go to 
My bday boy 
Dad is on the stamps.. 
Powerhouse actress from 
We are building a city of neighborhoods & a city for everyone in 
On this day 19 years ago I lost the greatest man I’ve ever known...
I still miss you so much Dad - & wish each day that I could tap in to your advice and love...
Forever missed... You were incredible - so smart, so funny and so loving...
Thank you 
“it looks likes she is just getting started on her mission to enrich the reading world.” 
Still reeling from this truly incredible, heartbreaking show this evening. All the congrats to 
Emma Rice is Queen. Awesome end of “Summer of Love” season party 
We are so touched by the enthusiasm, quality of gifts, and support our customers have for this initiative. 
Last night supporting 
LONDON! I have to leave at 10:30pm sharp tonight so I’ll be hanging out by the merch table all night to make sure I don’t miss any of you 
Hope everyone is home, happy, safe and thankful!!! Happy thanksgiving to all...
Know any engineers who 
Paris or Milan? 
The best couple ever! 
Feeling like a princess tonight in my 
Mermaids are falling in love with the people of bradford 
My red carpet look thanks to @sanpellegrino_official 
Wonderful show 
My new record ‘Avenging & Bright’ is now available for Pre-Order. Click here 
Can't find a photo from the last time I saw you in Cardiff 
WE DID IT! $10,000 donated by you amazing people during 
Another great tourney tonight, thanks to everyone for playing!! 
Hello, Clashers! Let's welcome the holiday season with some 
I'm exhausted. Going to take today and tomorrow off to catch up on rest and life stuff.

See you Tuesday morning, you lovely butts 
Not exactly a mansion by Detroit standards, but happy to talk with those that do! Detroit is 
Team Coke Zero wooon. 
We live! Join me in the 
WE IN THE FINALS, BOYS.


Thanks for the chill stream! The BDO grind is real... and we're only on day 2 of it XD Gotta set up for tomorrow, but I'll see y'all then :D

Have a happy Friday 
Switching over to 
Thanks for the super casual stream. Really enjoying being a noob in an MMO, not going to lie. A game like BDO is perfect for that hah...

See ya tomorrow morning, maybe with more leveling if people want :) 
Hello, yes. Windows update is over. Let's get back into some 
We are so proud to share our latest episode with you - a trans rights special with 
Luncheon today to celebrate the Spring Summer 2018 shoe collection for my amazingly talented, kind, beautiful friend 
Thank you for this. It’s time to wake up the world. 
Jenny Lumet on why she came forward about Russell Simmons: “I don’t recall ever meeting any of the women who have spoken out against you, Russell. But I can’t leave those women twisting in the wind.” 
I’ve known Jenny for years and I’m beyond grateful for her strength and courage to tell this story today. You’re an amazing writer Jenny, but an even better woman. I 
Hands up who likes chocolate 
Lovely screenshot! 
Most important selfie ever 
Amazing photos from an amazing night 
Finalizing my workshop notes / handouts for my course this weekend at 
Free Downloads! 
Moments like these are why I love playing the game... Shane’s reaction and face is priceless 
Today was so much fun! Thank you to everyone who tuned in! We 
Proud girlfriend moment. 
I'm so sorry you have to put up with this, T
Please, remember that you can always block the people who aren't treating you with respect
Take care 
We love you! Be strong you are not alone 
Andrea, you‘re so important to every single one of us. Your family and your 
A class act 
Love you Kozzy 
Just in time to spoil your loved ones this Christmas. 
I can't get over how sweet you all are! Thank you to 
Thinking of you 
Long Live Linkin Park. Their legacy is undeniable and last night inspired me so much. Thank you once again my brothers 
May everyone have a happy festive season. Party responsibly. Ezase 
This thread. Twitter really is wonderful sometimes 
Such a beautiful evening 
Lancashire? Let's keep it this way! Imagine this view dotted with 
Full glasses, full stomachs and full hearts 
Well that was epic manchester 
Me and the boys made it to number one on the charts today! Blown away by the love and support y’all 
Getting back to normal with tonights newsletter: 
Definitely going to let all the men in my life know about the  
 Happy St Andrews Day to all our Scottish followers! Here’s David Tennant in a kilt to celebrate in style! 
It was still light as I left the office, but the lights are ‘red’dy to bask the Civic Hall in red for 
London, a gentle reminder this is your last week to see Close Encounters. Season ends Saturday. Don't miss out! 
A lovely thing to wake up to from me arrl mate. 
Roll on Saturday night 
It’s beginning to look a lot like 
That should be an end to the connectivity trouble. We know we're repeating ourselves, but we're sorry for the hassle all the same. Thank you so much for your patience 
The perfect day out 
So pleased I managed to get out there 
Riding with 
Fantastic news 
More pictures from yesterday’s Devon Premier Cup tie against Honiton Town


 
Still... so in awe of of all the girls who performed in Les Miserables 
With my girlies 
Loved being with the gorgeous 
Oh my, 
Good morning! 
This is the incredible story of 
So proud to be a part of this amazing charity 
An awesome 
Explained what 
Thank you for hosting!!!! 
Always keen to fall more in 
Spending time with this chic one? Priceless 
Swooning over pink capris from 
Lovely evening giving a talk back 
It's always a pleasure to help such a worthwhile cause.
*A very last minute gig*
I’m in Skegness! Playing Great British Folk Festival at 
I was talking about you to the 
Ah wow thanks Hollie 
Seriously cannot love 
So it begins.... go get 'em our fabulous 
Who doesn't love a bear hug?! 
Santa Run might be over but your support and awareness will save lives 
Inspiring to see the 
 SCBU today 
When you gotta work, but all you want to do is play with your pet! 
 is enough. 
Mental Health Nurses are amazing. We want to tell as many people as possible! Help us & tell us why you 
In more important news: ‘Blue’ (the star of our Loreley music video) just had a daughter!!! Isn’t she precious. Send her some puppy love 
Came home to this. Grazie 
I am absolutely delighted and so proud 
Thank you to everyone who watched (again) and all the lovely trades and suppliers. Sending all the best to Mark and the family 
We’d never have coped without your help and the amazing support of all the trades 
How inspiring are 
Beautiful
Were ready to make an impact & pitch our Neo-slip
The final wrap-up 
We've got a lot to say now that 
Congratulations, November Bobcat Students of the Month! We are proud of YOU! 
5th Grade African Masks - We 
With the saali & the gharwali 
The trailer for 'Love, Simon' is finally here! I had the pleasure of working on this incredible film. A beautiful love story tangled up in the struggles of being young and gay. So special and so important. I was in tears! Enjoy.. 
Belfast couple Stephen and William just got engaged!!
Now let’s make sure they can get married! 
From the heart 

You remain, like 
Thinking of Donna today ahead of the motion 
We made history today 
Be grateful for your past, present, and future. 
Our pleasure - we cannot wait until 17th February - thanks for your support all 
Happy Birthday to our formidable administrator 
Reunited!!! 
Wonderful official opening of 
Certified chicken burger 
 Went last week, it was the best falafel i ever had! So yummy i didn't have the time to instagram it! Next time! 
  A lovely review from 
The Librarian Action Figure is an homage to those warriors of the printed (and electronic) word. Based on Seattle librarian Nancy Pearl, it has a removable cape that symbolizes how much of a hero a librarian really is.
In a time of buying fewer things & more experiences, we say make your choices count & buy things that will enhance your everyday experiences. It's part of our ethos & lots of other indie shops we know. Thanks to our customers who do.  Happy 
One of the best things happened to me as an artist ever. This mural done by refugee kids at Akre Syrian refugee camp, Kurdistan-Iraq, with 
Late to the party but the life of it 
Minedition Snow Queen in this fabulous video. I want to go to Shrewsbury. 
That looks amazing. some Munros next maybe??
Make sure you spread the word 
Really proud to say that 800 Words won Best Drama at the NZ Television Awards tonight! 
Feeling festive with a Christmas makeover 
Sundays are for nourishing the soul, Sunday evenings are for nourishing your locks! 
We 
Good morning you glorious lot, have a smashing day! 
 club 
4/5 Assembly! 
On my way to join the celebration of Islington's wonderful new library 
We’re dedicated to supporting and celebrating a community of badass female founders 
Congrats to all the winners from the 
It's the 
Have you seen Roxanna's beautiful bows 
Brilliant conversations and ideas with residents,artists, leading cultural organisations, young people - together we are team Islington 
Great event ! Looking forward to what we can do together in Islington 
Can't wait to enjoy Islington's beautiful new library 
Great meeting with Crafts Council and 
Come on Team Islington ! Yes We Can create a difference
Another step closer to Islington opening its brand new library - it's like an early Xmas gift 
Brilliant to see Islington's newest library taking shape
Islington libraries , schools,community centres, care homes,youth centres 
Must see film on cinema near you tomorrow night. Share& care 
Finally get a chance to meet 
Great pic, great message 
 You have the most generous customers in 
We all think we're smart, until we fall in love. Get that 
Manchester...tonight the love you gave us at 
Yay - Love 
Over 16,000 views for 
 One of the best friends you could be lucky enough to have 
Thankful to have my momma back 
What better way to spend 
Thank you everyone for my 
Have a great last day at 
Delivering Emergency Life Saving Skills, Heartstart 
We asked people in 
 just watched DD at Liverpool Empire, what can I say.. absolutely fantastic. Amazing well done to all of the cast. 
In this 
Cannot wait to see you my friend 
It's Show time at The Kings Theatre Panto 2017! The Uglies with their Cinders ! 
CAN YOU REMEMBER THIS? The Moscow City Ballet in rehearsal for The Nutcracker in 2014 in Dubai 
What a joyous time indeed 
Romantics Anonymous - amazing theatre! Absolutely blown away 
Great weekend lecturing the BATD tap scholarships in Doncaster before being reunited with this double act for the MK panto launch 
Glorious..... GLORIOUS  
Did someone say, Panto?! We would 
I’m climbing a small mountain to help Moe climb a very big mountain.  Please help him too, if you can 
Thank you to everyone who has re-tweeted our funding page over the last few days! We appreciate it so much 
Your almost there! I’m so proud of you 
So delighted to share this world premiere tribute to 
So much 
My final 7 weeks at the beloved Diner have begun! I’m ending a couple of days earlier on Jan 9th to headline 
 the 
Can't wait!!! 
Go Blue!!! Congrats 
So happy for and proud of 
Absolutely adored 
In awe of my friend 
I know having a timeline full of sexual abuse is painful for a lot of women, but having these conversations will bring change. I see you. 
Day off tomorrow and excited to bathe in Welsh Talent 
'WE WILL VOTE' 
Love you son 
Amazing night with my 
We broadcast our first ever 
The results are in!  Total raised for 
It’s rugby time!  
Sending love to 
Well, we just had to.  Five generations of kitties at 
I hear ya all the way in Seattle 
Look! Our lovely friends 
Loved ‘Bright Colours and Bold Patterns’  
You can listen to a full track from Iris Theatre’s 
7 years ago I met 
 this 
It's opening night!!!!! Thanks 
So important to love everyone. 
Congratulations to the Level 5’s on your LSMT auditions today 
Join our live hug along in 
RIP to my beautiful mother 
Moving house and getting ready for Thanksgiving in the same week is nothing short of cray, but

 season 2 knocked it out of the freaking park. Heart felt props. 
Finishing season 2 of 
Nice to meet YOU! 
YOU are 
All profit from 
So thrilled to have had 
Thank you all SO MUCH for voting & keeping 
Hello beautiful little lady! 
this is the loveliest thing everrr 
This photo says so much about how happy 
Absolutely loved dancing this! Thank you 
Had such a blast at the 
Makes me happy to know that restaurants support their local theatre 
Happy Birthday to the best friend/groom/partner in crime/person ever. Love you 
Soooooooooo he really truly asked and I said yes 
Fab day together today filming our chat for our 
Happy Sunday gorgeouses 
So much gorgeousness there! Love you both 
Dear Friends, I LOVE working with Darius Khondji on TOTDY
I Love 
What should (and shouldn't) you say to a friend who's struggling with their mental health? You shared some great advice 
Perfect! Sunrise over Glasgow. I just love 
“@FlyAlex25: AMAZING teaching next to 
Well Done Glasgow Airport for providing Complimentary Fresh Water for Passengers to refill their Flasks - thoughtful! 
Fantastic morning hosting the 
LOVE is the answer!!!! 
winning team! my g forever
and vice versaaaaaa! you are the realest one b! love you 
man like scully 
my new sub box! 
Had the best time on Tuesday getting to know 
A year ago I decided to take things (& myself) less seriously. Thanks to 
Elite 
School is back in session tomorrow, October 17th. Can't wait to see all the smiling faces, parents and students
Say hello to Christmas gin cocktail number 1. This gingerbread creation is made with 
That’s a wrap 
I love you guys so bad 
NY 
Thank you for all the sweet birthday wishes. I'm a very lucky lady. 
Reunited with 
WEDDING OPEN EVENING info 


Sebastian Pedersen just added support for importing glock into dep! 
Last night Toronto was unreal. Amazing vibes 3hrs strong. Big up 
Tiger is stitching my heart back together rn...... 
Who would you rather see in concert?? KATY PERRY
This is what a 25-person research team looks like! We 
 major 
My everything 
Thank 
We have our amazing 
Thank you SO much for everyone's hard work and dedication yesterday!! 
Backyard of the new place 
The cutest Christmas-wear around! 
Did an episode on AiA podcast talking about 
The importance of head + heart in making great, important things happen. 
There are so many unique ways to say thank you that there’s no reason why your appreciation shouldn’t delight customers, even when it’s done on a shoestring. Check out our 
Proud of my weee boy 
Happy Birthday Hulfie! Hope you had a good day. We still miss you 
 Nuremberg is still alive, but we're planning events until mid 2018. Let's meet at Franconias finest JS events 
Who 
Dear Mom,
It's my first time back @worldseriesofficial since 1988. Not only am I old enough to remember now, I'm not leaving early. 
A movie about a Staten Island teacher, a Lizzie Borden film starring Kristen Stewart AND an apocalypse buddy pic w/ Peter Dinklage & Elle Fanning? 
I 
We are in great company as one of the top 10 
Always proud of you 
Anne Frank 
About to give this beautiful soul my last name in 38 days!
It's official, I get to call my best friend and the most amazing girl in the world, mine forever 
Hugest of congrats to 
Some brilliant discussion here on wealth inequality in this 
Lovely little mention in 
This is 
Chuffed to get a copy of the 
'A good bookshop is just a genteel Black Hole that knows how to read’ - Terry Pratchett

I had a lovely weekend at 
So many amazing sellers at tomorrow's 
Happy Day of Miracles!!! Soonerthon is trying to raise $120k in 1 day for the Children’s Miracle Network! So I will give
25¢ every favorite
50¢ every retweet

go give! go soonerthon! ftk! 
let’s make miracles happen For The Kids
My favourites 
What an amazing performance by 
Where I write a gushing review of 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME!! The most amazing early birthday surprise... I have THE best husband for organising & friends for making this weekend happen 
The ultimate throw back Thursday to one of my favourite photo's from our wedding 
I love this!! Thank you
  Your photos, our Wales


Ever wanted to learn CPR but don't know where to start? Why not take advantage of the free CPR sessions we hold all over Wales! 
Have had the most amazing, relaxing, chilled day EVER! The best spa I have ever been to... You must check it out! 
How can anyone overlook Lenny, he's such a handsome chap. Go see him 
Yay... me and 
I get some unusual gifts sent to me as a vegan on the wireless, thanks to 
We're playing at 
Somehow she has managed to put up with us, and we're eternally grateful! 
The lovely bud fancied a lie in today 
Please say good morning to the lovely Poppy 
Delighted to see 
 Scotland! 
People astound me sometimes. Look at this handsome chap looking for a safe home 
This is Jasper. He's about 2 years old and is looking for his own home and some patient owners to help teach him how to play. He loves little walks and big cuddles. And he loves, really loves, sausages. Please share the cuddlemonster
Took the lovely Lenny out for a stroll earlier and he stopped to have a good old roll around in the grass.  Lenny's looking for his forever home. Please get in touch with 
So amazingly proud of you 
In October we held a mufti day & 
 looks amazing Darren
Throwing it back today with this shoot from 
Pupdate on Louis 
Thank you so much for your support this evening. You will be tweeted shortly if you have won a bid and lots will be posted out as soon as payment is received. Many thanks from us all 
Have a heart and help Louis please? Donate by texting LULU17 £amount to 70070 
Love my pointy nose foster pals 
I got a lovely thank you card from my mate Donny after our date last week . He loves me 
Moose enjoyed his 
Good
Endless possibilities! 
My amazing birthday cake 
SHEANA HAS BEEN ADOPTED
I'm overwhelmed by all the birthday love I've been getting today. Thank you all so much. I feel like the luckiest guy alive. 
Thank you Auntie Jan, even more sorely needed with all those awful exports. 
Hennessey Students have 
So, it's almost Christmas.  I want to make it easy for you this year, m.  Bacon! 
Happy Thanksgiving to al l my US pals x 
Spreading holiday cheer with 
 you really are the best family in the world. Thank you, you have kept us going with your kindness 
old but gold 
Have we told you lately that we 
Start your week off with something so dang cute!  A Florida bobcat mama and her babies in the wild 
A Thanksgiving miracle, for sure 
Opera Queensland is thrilled Australians have overwhelmingly voted for marriage equality to ensure every Australian has the right to marry the partner of their choice. Love is love! 
Please help us show some 
Thk U to my dear friend and superstar 
Playing this game again cause I love it 
A little Aloha Ice for breakfast. We 
 about to slay the carpet for The Logies..hair by me. MUP - 
Celebrating Love 
Such an honor to be attending & performing at the 
A couple of days in my hometown feels like a vitamin shot for my soul. Thank you Perth 
‘Over It’ our now! Check out the link. Please don’t forget to share too, let’s get BiddySings to all ears 
You know I always appreciate you. Thank you 
Margaret Rudkin's 
Currently craving Portuguese cuisine 
Welcome Maddy 
Welcome to the Dees Eden 
Tues 10/10 ULTIMATE JAM NIGHT will raise money for the University Medical Center Las Vegas! Please show your support & join us! 
This is why we have Minion Day at 
Providing entertainment for 'UMC Strong' luncheon today. 
Magical morning performing for kids at 
Winters Clean Up Day!
L
Wow the internet has gone mad for 
Happy Anniversary to Marcus & Melanie Luttrell! 
Love these cleats of Danny Vitale’s (#40 Cleveland Browns). 
"You shouldn't have to thank me, baby." 
Help me in Wishing One of my Closest friends in the World and my Golf Practice Dummy 
Thankyou so much Paris
Death is a memory that no one can heal, but love is the memory no one can steal 
Forever my favorite day. Happy 7th Anniversary my love 
Working on a story for 
Our hearts are with Vegas. 
And up goes the siding! We
 check out the full post at 
Congratulations Class of 2015, love you all 
I’m so happy I’ve finally watched COCO, could rewatch it over and over again. Love being Mexican and very proud to be 
A BIG thank you to our Major Partners 
 SROs show up and support bike & scooter safety. Thank you! 
Thank you for this AMAZING HONOR!!! I’m BLESSED to be part of this sport that WE ALL 
Easy run with my training partners 
Thanks to everyone who is helping us bring a better future to kids like these!

Can't believe I won the Olympic gymnast of the year award! Thankyou everyone for the support
It's Friday, I'm in love...

Who else 
Guys. Our dear friends want to adopt a baby. Please pray about helping them. These are wonderful people.
Heart broken, pray for Manchester 
Happy birthday Kelly!! 
part 2 - Whatever He calls you to, you can be sure, if you follow Him you will be filled with Joy, you will help others, and it will be the best.  Let no fear stand in the way of His voice. Following that Voice will give you the best life ever.
Living your life open handed to God is wild. You never know what he has for you. But you ALWAYS know you’ll have the grace for whatever it is. If God calls you to live in a hut in poverty you will be happier than a mansion in luxury.
We love seeing your pictures & messages, keep them coming guys ! Passion seems to be popular favourite 
In Mexico with my 
 doesn’t Grimsby Twist & Flip Gymnastics Academy gym banner look great !! 
Feeling thankful today! 
Potted my Amaryllis today 
{please see original post from Sept. 15th} Turns out...it was a "double portion" 
It's here! Be Held, Lullabies for the Beloved [ 
"Glasgow has always got a special place in my 
Don't forget to register to come dance with us, all ages k-12 are welcome! 
Come dance with us on March 18th! More info on our Facebook page! We'd love to see you there!  
Thank you for all of the good luck wishes as the comp team competes in Orlando today! 
Well done girls you were amazing 
This year has had its ups and downs but I have learnt a lot and  grown a lot thankyou for everyone's support ready for 2017 
Ore you are the cutest 
"You can never let the comments of the world be your contentment" I really needed this today thank you so much 
Yayyyy Kassidy so proud 
 Thank you so much. I want everyone to feel heard. We all are going through something. 
it’s ok girl , thank you imy too 
Aw thank you Amber!!!
Thanks vicky 
THANKS FOR 2,000 SUBS 
The artwork for my trilogy vinyl box set entitled "Growth".

All previous albums available for stream and purchase tomorrow as well. 


..... it's because I've been working tirelessly designing something for you guys that is finaly complete..... 

Announcement tonight. 


 starting 
Feeling extra grateful & proud to work w/the 
 Happy Birthday sis 
Happy 21st baby sis love u 
Special things don't happen for no reason
Rock Star 
Baked 2 pies for 
I’m happiest when I
Epic love 
Thursday motivation.. best get some work done 
thank you to everyone that vote me MVP of the year.. it truly means alot to me. have a blessed day everyone! 
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀
⠀⠀⠀        I need God in every
⠀       single moment of my life 
It was such a huge honor to be in conversation with my hero 
Tonight was surreal: I had tears in my eyes, hugged strangers beside me, and looked up to thank God for that moment... one of many to come, my love 
Thanks to our supporters, Rhianna and her family went to Toronto to watch a Jays game as well as spend some time enjoying Niagara Falls. 
$1 per share, up to a value of $3000 of 
 rock legend Tom Petty. Your music and influence lives on at School of Rock. 
first pasta dinner of the season! first jv&varsity competition on Sunday at Crystal Lake Central, come support our girls and boys
You've got to love Show&Tell when this happens...
Taking a time out to hang out with my favourite daughter. 
Happy thanksgiving everyone! I’m so thankful for my family, friends and fans.
Did my shopping today for 
 couldn't be more happier with our season, love u boys
Our Students are just beaming from excitement! We would 
thank you so much for all the grammys love today everyone, the only reason we're where we are is because of all of you. thank you SO much for giving us this job. 
L A S T  C H A N C E - SALE must end today!!! 30% Off 
Looking gorgeous on 
Swan 
I l
Another shot of the beautiful blue waters of Niagara Falls! 
Some magic 
Check out my interview on 
What the world needs now is cheesecake. 
Thanks for the perspective. Nothing but 
All the smiling faces 
 Thanks so much for all of the beautiful holiday decorations in downtown 
What an excellent story by 
- she is a mother  
Love the label 
Even chemotherapy can't keep this Santa down. What an honor to tell this story. 
 Wow! What a touching story. I love that you share heartwarming stories like that one! 
Pops 
We had so much fun covering Tom Petty last night!! 
This is why we do what we do! 
crazybearhotel you've been a dream 
Join me tomorrow at 3PM CET / 6AM PT at my 
Pre-sale for my Jan 17 Toronto show at 
Brussels tonight 
Lady in red ...
If you haven't already got a Moss blouse... we advise you start here! 
GAMEDAY vs Wisconsin at 4 p.m on espn2 
What an unbelievable feeling
Love this team. 
On and off the court she is amazing
When your students listen in Large Group! 
My favorite 
Milennials 
Never miss a date in 2018. 
Had a blast on the 
For real: 
Side note - Here's a tip for anyone going through School or Uni at the moment: 

Love yourself & everyone around you.
Work hard.
Play hard.
Remember that great things take team effort.
And finally, appreciate your coworkers & friends i am always humbled by how awesome mine are 
Finally landed in Beirut going from Gothenburg to Istanbul, one final stretch to get to Tripoli. 

The past week in Sweden was amazing, thank you friends at DICE & Dreamhack for making it so memorable 
Casting BK is Watching vs. ENCE with his bearded highness 
Casting 
"Helloooo husband." 
There’s still time if you want to 
Mtg crew! 
Here’s to the best men in our lives, to the survivors, to the fighters, to the kindest hearts 
We are the ones that make a better day to where we are living 
Here is something special for everyone! All Chest Spawns
Happy Thanksgiving, everyone! Hope everyone has something they are thankful for. I'm ready to eat some food!!! 
Retweet in loving memory of this honorary Aussie and Melbourne Cup Legend RED CADEAUX ..forever in our hearts 
Intro for Drifts Grips 
Great evening at 
Everyone follow 
I always wondered what the grind really meant till I was sent this. Enjoy WWII everybody. I hope it brings the community back together
Grimgar, Ashes and Illusions is such a beautiful series 
Thanks for the shout-out 
Look what my amazing girlfriend put together while I was at work! 
our boy 
What a cutie 
This a good site for 
Promote what you love instead of bashing what you hate. 
'' Take'em all '' 
Tap 
Champions of Dreamhack Winter!!
GG Wp 
Danish national newspaper 
good days give happiness 
bad days give experience
worst days give lessons and
best days give memories 
 this new 
Good run. Some pain on hills, both up and down. 90% better than yesterday. That donkey is biting me! 
Sometimes we get it wrong. But that’s ok. It’s the only way to figure out how to get it right. 
Tonight, Austin!! 

Hey Austin! I’m playing 
That’s it! Thanks to everyone who came out to The Companion Tour. Big 
Damn we 
 hollidays with my love
Got to feel bad for 
Beer is for sharing. So is this 
Can't wait to have this view again at 
Hello my baby blue !
I didn’t know if I would be able to change mousepad...but I am, it’s perfect 
That was so intense ! So glad I managed to come back in my game when I felt down! And so proud of my team mates 
Big respect for you 
I’m so hyped for this! It has been a long time, but we are back in Stockholm 
They deserve it 
GG Brazil ! Holy Moly this game is so fucking beautiful and give in my career 10000000 hearts attack!!!! Someday we will back 
Finals vs SK! This crowd and arena is insane! Thanks for cheering everybody
Love you guys 
Scouting Grounds was an absolutely incredible experience! Seeing all the passion and excitement from both the players who were invited and all 10 NA LCS teams was truly inspiring. Much love to everyone who was a part of this awesome event. 
Blurred af selfie right before Yee left cuz it was like 4AM but gonna share it anyways

HEY ! 
 Fortune Cookie Hats! 
Thank you for this awesome birthday gift 
Our beautiful 
We at GLL & G:loot are growing (again!) and we need more people joining our quest to make esports even better.

Read more: 
Hey everyone we'd 
Bye bye San Francisco! Such a beautiful city 
YES! Thanks everyone for spreading awareness, education, and love while we raised $31,670 for 
1 year 
Also super thankful for recieving the MVP here in IEM Oakland! 


Daily Giveaway RT + follow 
Ending hit me straight in the feels 
I personally don't celebrate Thanksgiving but still want to take a moment to thank you all for following my tweets, me on broadcast and everywhere else I spam. I love you more than I can say.

 a happy one to all of you who do celebrate. 
Got my new HTC U11 
Pre-Order my 2" 
Our buddy 
If you were looking for local places to donate to, here are my (mostly) Merseyside picks for 
 LOVE the latest video review of our Letterbox Cake! Thanks Santa & Elf from 
Headed home after the 6 week 
Sloane loved bouncing with Marshall yesterday 
Thankyou to the two girls who trekked from London and booked a hotel so they could visit 
What a time to be a Burnley fan. Love this club 
Retrogaming Memory! 
It’s my messiest shelf but I love it! 
Gotta 
These are INCREDIBLE 
Weird to think that everything I've done the past few years has led to these two silver 100k YouTube Subscriber Plaques! 

Thank you for helping me do something I love every single day 
Most important question about the 
Be prepared for some Doctor Who spam, starting with The Moment & the War Doctor. 
Still my favourite Kylo! Today was the school Halloween party so of course my son wanted to wear his Kylo set from last year. 
Another one from the incredibly talented ardentcosplay  
UK eSports player of the year baby!!!! Thanks for the support and a unbelievable year 
Great stream guys, 5+ hours done. 15-0 currently, we go again tomorrow! 
Ah, really hope to see you one day, Captain! 
Tom and Alex broke!.... into the hearts of everyone this weekend, when they spectacularly fell at nearly every Durham IV hurdle 
I’m just so happy to see this game going strong even a year later. It’s helped me meet so many incredible people and experience such a fantastic story with characters I adore 
Pleasure meeting you 
Oh and we hit 5 Million Views on 
We do love this! Thanks for being a fan, and congrats on A Hat in Time! 
"I wanna see and do so much that it changes me." 
oh socky!!
i love you all!! 
Alllll the time! Lol 
Thank you for the shout out for 
Starting off the anti-Trump rally with "New York, New York" 
Obsessively grateful for this onepeloton family. 
IT'S OUT & IT'S ALL YOURS NOW. 

I hope you love it.


Dallas, I love you. Thank you for another unforgettable night! And thank you 
Forever grateful for you all. 
Happy Thanksgiving 
Special Edition actually means special when it’s a collaboration between 
Today is the day to spread your LOVE 
Great intro to the BBZ BLK BK tonight with 
Animal agriculture has a huge impact on our planet!

Do you like our original PBN graphics? Do you want to see more like these?

Head over to 
Be grateful to those who make time for you. The most precious thing anyone can give you, is time. 
Unbelievable. Thank you 
Loving this shot of 
RIP N.E wish you was still with us. N.EV.E.R forget The real OG 
Awwwww. My mate. 
this is mad! 10,000,000 streams on The Best You Had. thank you everybody, I have news on the album very very soon 
I’m only making one version of the album. but perhaps there’ll be bonus tracks eventually 
Here’s UWTSD & 
We literally don’t need more food places that’s All everyone does here get back to me when art galleries stop closing to open more fucking stores 
Cheers ally pally 
Highlight of my night was discovering a friend who also likes 
Things I love that really get my day started on the right foot: Dunkin Donuts Oatmeal 
Hell yes! 
drive very safe tonight please. holidays are crazy. 
I Had the best time: thank you for the 
2/2 I will never stop making music. My new EP is out NOW! 
This Steak Bomb from 
Dedicate your life to what you love 
2/2 ... I’ve had 72 hours worth of reminders & more importantly evidence that a Consistent commitment to change means a culture for change will come. We back; we believe it; we live it, & most importantly we are committed to delivering it for the Care experience population 
Care experienced young people NEED a LIFETIME of EQUALITY, RESPECT and LOVE
Could everyone share this. We made a video for our strategic launch with other staff members. We want this to get a large reach. MUCH love
Partners in cooking 
Our beautiful FCCLA officers headed to Tan-Tar-A for the State Leadership Conference 
We're in awe of the 
Meghan doing it for the culture 
OMG OMG! I 
My 2016 Chocolate Highlights! 
Happy Birthday Tommy. We love and miss you everyday. 
spending the evening with our students, families and teachers learning all about STEM. 
Fans make it possible 
A Massive thankU & the BiGGEST
“Teach to live, live to teach” 
Thank you for an amazing session! I learned so much about what it truly means to be a teacher 
Blasting Terminal by 
happy turkey day!!! 
My BFF 
 maybe be of interest 
Thank everyone for hanging this weekend! coming up!!! With 
Thank you seniors , you have left an unforgettable mark on our program. We will miss you on the field but your future is bright. 
Hey if you're the princeton first year who emailed me last week can you email me again idk where it went and I want to reply thankyou 
It's more than a game 
Thanks for covering this,boo!! 
Game on. 
 Thank you so much for inviting us to celebrate our 
Spreading joy through soccer 
For you buddy 
Beautiful evening 
Euro trip has been beyond amazing thus far. So blessed she said yes! Euro2k17 
Thanks guys 
Thank you boo appreciate the love 
Woah ‘See Me’ is out now! 
Very proud of you already 
New Jersey at dawn 
Lady Liberty at dusk 
Thanks blood 
THE OFFICIAL LOS ANGELES CARES - UNITED IN MUSIC FOR PUERTO RICO & MEXICO LINEUP IS HERE! + MANY SPECIAL GUESTS! 
Happy birthday to this special one, hope its great ly
This chase atlantic family is so full of love and support for each other 
It was a pleasure to meet a lot of you the last 3 months 
Huge congrats to my brother 
God bless this woman. Rescue a dog, the reward is forever impactful. ...Warning: tear jerking. 
This is adorable 
Got a passion for excellence and a 
Reunion with my 
Huge thank you to the fellas 
tonight is our show 
so excited to be playing 
hello chicago. . .nice to see you again. . .n.
 we are at Movida Bali... ! 
Thanks so much for having me this morning 
Thx to 
Help us make our album and go on Tour this summer by supporting our Indie GoGo!! 
A house around the corner from me has had "BLAKE SHELTON 
Most lovely afternoon with my Friend. 
Looks like so much fun!! Thanks for coming 
Canada, meet some of your new nursing graduates 
Marlfield House - 
Being treated like royalty with 
Leftover Pics Peanut Butter jars turned peanut buttery acai parfaits 
Birthday breakfast 
Live performances from 
It's the 1st of December which means we can officially start opening our 
Recap (and more photos!) going up on the 
In my opinion, real fur is outdated in more ways than one. Faux fur is where it's at 
ADORE this 
Manatees just steal our 
Look at Queen Serena’s smile 
Exciting news! We’re extending our season just for you 
Because when you stop and look around life is pretty amazing 
Be your own unique and beautiful self. We are all divine beings of light after all. Love 
Thank you to everyone who tuned into today’s Christine Brown tribute show on 
Beautiful meal 
Just speaking to my Mum. She said:

'That Just a Card campaign thing you're up to Dear - it's top of my google....

You were never one to keep quiet  - even at junior school.....'

Ha - Bless Her - 
Finsbury Park 
The first ever can to come from our canning line, it's an emotional moment 
A huge THANK YOU to 
An honour to attend and perform 
 Thanks Noor for this video. And thanks Arab Women of the Year Awards for having us tonight! A true honour 
Fantastic night 
 Loved your sound! You both have so much talent! Thanks for tonight 
Me and my mum 
This is my current read and I'm absolutely loving it! 
Surprise visit at the office!
Audrey attending her first meeting 
Love that you liked the book. Thank you so much for reading and reviewing 
 in all her Badu glory... can’t spell Badu w/o BAD... this is one of the baddest right here... made a sample collection of her dopeness*flyness from her 
C’mon people give it a shot! Being on 
THIS ONE really got me! To think that an entire family took time out of their own holiday to send this picture and their love & well wishes and make a BANNER just for me. I am beyond touched! Thank you Dan Tatum & Family & THANK YOU TO ALL OF YOU!
You guys are too good to me 
I do it for my family
And.......we’re IN! 
Like the look of this?! Head down to the Souk Kitchen Southville. 

For every bill over £20 they are giving Temwa £1 
WSM Pride 2018 
We all 
Yes, Australia! Yes! 
LAST FEW HOURS OF THE TSHIRT SALE REMAINING!
 

Really looking forward in being back this year and seeing you all this Xmas tour . It's going to be a special one . 
Celebrating female fellowship with these great 
Love that this is one of your goals, “one of our goals was always to broaden the availability and affordability of organics, so that everyone from all walks of life can enjoy organic beverages, not just the people who can afford premium products.” 
If you want to find out more about our group have a look at the Spotlight below 
I hope that everyone's weekend is filled with joy!!! 
It was great visiting the GD Goenka School in Kanpur. Loved the kids there 
Watch 
Today is 
Just seen this politically incorrect, rude little, animal loving, funny fucker 
My brother’s birthday is tomorrow!!! Robert has made us laugh and smile every day since he was tiny. I love this photo of him wrapped up in one of his favourite blankets. Too cute!! I’ll be sharing all of my favourite photos of Robert to celebrate his 14th birthday. 
Tomorrow we celebrate my amazing brother’s 14th birthday. I’ll be sharing some of my favourite memories of Robert over the years. Stay tuned for some very special 
AGAIN THIS MORNING IM SO GRATEFUL 
I choose to remember last night as being a celebration of women, of Diana, of Whitney, of love and life and joy and all things good. THANKYOU to everyone that had the courage to take that stage- wether it be right side up or sideways. All love 
Never x
Absolutely gorgeous 
Seriously 
Hug time
Always (trying) to help Robert capture the perfect photo! This is me holding a leaf in the wind for a good macro picture...
Celebrating Robert and his 14th birthday today! Love you so much, Robert !!
 x about last night x
My brother really is the greatest photographer. I love this photo of Robert from years ago with one of his first cameras and now with his extraordinary Canon setup. He amazes me every day and today is his birthday!!! 
This melts my heart 
Happy Birthday, Robert 
Tonight is the night! Watch my duet of “Baby it’s cold outside” with 
Wishing everyone a happy and healthy Thanksgiving! So beyond grateful today.. 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY 
He’s a giant bull with an even bigger heart. 
HOODRICH VOL 3 OUT NOW ON ALL DOWNLOADABLE STREAMING SITES!!!

THANKYOU TO EVERYONE INVOLVED, WORDS CANT XPRESS 
The real ones connect 
Your sound is actually so vyby you know dd love it! Think Iv said this before but it literally makes me feel so chilled and relaxed, mad work ethic from you keep it up
I fucks with this 
"Never Give Up" from 
Perfect for anyone on your list this year 
Bake cookies and play games (Catan) with Bell and I! 
Sydney! I'm coming home to headline 
Sarah Jessica Parker and husband Matthew Broderick have the most beautiful love story 
Her little black dress looks gorgeous 
Probably the best thing to come out of 2017 is 
Great to see 
Day off 
Yoooo Twinnies 
RETWEET! Last day to vote 
A couple of days in my hometown feels like a vitamin shot for my soul. Thank you Perth 
This 
Glad you guys are enjoying ‘OMS’ acoustic 
Congrats Harry & 
So happy to see a mixed race princess to be 
Zoning out to 
Thank you guys thank you!!
Thank you guys truly. Love you so much. 
Thanks for all the love on Chakra 
Our very 1st Ride for a Child, Victoria! This warrior princess has bravely battled brain cancer for 11 years, and has benefited from research Pedal the Cause funded at 
Watch valerianmovie on 4K ultra HD and Blu-Ray 11/21 
We'll make sure that flag never goes down! With the team for the team forever 
What was your favorite release of November?! 
Get you somebody that looks at you the way I look at the $1 slipper socks from Walgreens 
Thank you SO much to the incredible people who donated toys and helped stuff these buses at our 
 for the chance to print 
Overwhelmed with all the support of 'waiting on you'. Thanks to everyone's whose listened or bought it 
Best supporters 
Thankful everyday for this motley crew of ours. From a small country brewery to now - none of it possible without these incredible people - our family. Today we brew our non-hazy (gasp!) East Coast Style IPA - Family Matters - for our upcoming 1 year tasting room anniversary
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! Spending the day at the store testing/cleaning back room stuff -- it's been very productive (40 wiis tested!)
Very thankful for everyone who supports me and my work -- love you all! 
Wow 
Got involved earlier this morning in one of the most beautiful places I’ve been to yet. Nairobi Kenya 
“Some days I can't get out of my head That's just the dark side of me Some nights, it's hard for me to fall asleep That's just the dark side of me If you ever ever call my name, name You will find out that we're both the same” - 
Guys... I’m kinda obsessed with this new 
This is incredible. 
Black Friday deal. 
Love Bebe 
 @ Los Angeles, California 
The 2017 
Keep sending in those questions using 
Tomorrow, Dec. 1 at 12PM ET the newly crowned 
Bring it 
I love it 
I've come home. 
We’ll clear things up for you: 
The Barron Memorial Show goes down tonight at 
 is available now. Are you ready for it? 
 I 
Guys this is actually happening 
This is one of the most beautiful things anyone has ever done for me. She doesn’t even know me yet her art and her words resonate with my soul
Another one!!!! So happy with how we are playing rn, love my team 
Have a good night, cya tomorrow in Royal arena 
We are so 
My new album The Hype is officially available everywhere. Thank you 
glasgow sold out tonight

life is lovely 
OUR MERCH IS LIVE 
8/12/17, I am doing an exclusive set 
Some lovely words for our new album, Songs From The Stage 
 from 
In the midst of all this horror there is the beauty that is 
Agreed. We 
 Thank you for watching with us!! That’s it for 2017!! The journey continues after the holidays. 
Thanks Greg 
Happy Birthday to our girl with the Golden Heart,  Sparkling Mind and Searching Soul...  We love you Emmy!!! 
Someone posted this on Facebook 
Amazing how each character&story on a TV show can touch ur 
Pearson love
I love watching dancing. Love it 
"This Is Us" We always have fun with each other on set ! I 
Good morning everyone 
We'll all find our balance. Thanks for watching 
 We will miss you Deja' 
Thank you Ms 
That's a wrap for me with this episode !! Can't wait to get home 
He has so much more wisdom to share. 
'But they don't look autistic.'
5 things not to say to parents of autistic children. 
With love 
Gifts for the dairy lovers in your life: 12 kitchen gadgets they'll 
This crew 
Thought of the day:

What if...
You valued yourself as others value you
You thought of yourself as others think of you
You saw yourself as others see you
You loved yourself as others love you

Try it out for a day or two 
2nd annual 
Basel 
The famous 
LOVE is the answer!!!! 
JOIN ME- Take the 
I'm not at the bar with her but because of 
Welcome to the Warner Nashville fam, 
Once I become mom I will donate my milk too 
Thank you! And I’m so happy your milk came in and that your little boy is doing great!!! 
Now that Brie's a mama, she's finding new ways to help women in need. 
Handoff of the day 
 YASSSSS preach!!!, women could do so much more amazing things in this world if we build each other up more instead of tearing each other down 
That’s the spirit! Cat ears coming soon 
That makes me smile. 
I love how they support and love each other no matter what happens 
It sure does and I'm very thankful for the people that do 
I will not apologize for being passionate for wrestling & the things I 
Omg I love this picture ! And I love you 
So much fun being back at 
 waited my whole life for tonight!! So excited to see you perform. The UK has missed you 
 is right: you're honest and authentic and it will take you far. We 
Brie’s efforts are so inspiring! Love that she’s working so hard to help others. 
My 
Date night in London 
 @ London, United Kingdom 
Miley and 
When your 
Happy birthday to my Queeeeeen! 
 performance! Man I feel like a woman! 
Keep tweeting and RTing 
lil snippet of tonight's show, more to come tomorrow! Thanks everyone 
Thank you to everyone that came down yesterday, beautiful souls 
Hi hello yes my name is Nic Hamilton and I would like to make a PSA.


S U N D A Y  B R U N C H
Colour your world 
Today I had my first 
 I was able to reach 100 pages of my webcomic that I would never have reached on my own with no time to work on it 
Oh 
Dusty....so Dusty. Congrats 
Yo 
So much uncle love for this one 
These Aussie & international musos want you to get involved in 
This is Bryony’s story. In 2008, the former RAF officer fell down the stairs at home and broke her neck and back. The Officers' Association helped Bryony regain her independence, and she now lives a full, active life. Watch the full film on the OA Facebook Page. 
Black boy joy 
Hi everyone please donate and retweet this link for my nephew 
I love my team! 
In love with replay 
  REPLAY on REPLAYY..
WHILE enjoying 
My niece Caroline dancing to 
My adorable nieces performing 
This lady right here! 
Aw good times hangin’ with my 
Thanks for listening 
Favorite twinning moment 
Good times 
Thank you so much for signing mine!
Not all hard work, lots of fun too 
Great teamwork and tenacity from the victorious U11C Hockey Girls  
Love this! My gorgeous girl diving in wearing the blue and green suit. Beautiful image. 
10/10 things I 
Who's going to a 
We would like to thank 
I think this is the Christmas Ad that tops it for me this year!!  
Sea otters: providing 100% of your daily requirement of cuteness. 
We think 
Inside 
Still time to double your donation to 
Fantastic introductory meeting with 
RT 
Love this lady so much 
An honour to present 
My brother 
Lovely Aitch (who illustrated the cover of 'The Beginning of the World...') created the Google Doodle today 
On another adventure with my favourite travel companion 
 I am again in Italy. Now I talk well italian. You are the reason why bc your videos inspired and motivated me. Thx 
Is cold today..let’s keep it warm with this SEXY FLAME! 
Are you ready for another sexy weekend with us and with this BEAUTY?! 
Tonight this SENSATION BEAUTY will be with us..just in 
Good morning ProudlyPeople! Just 3 seconds of this sexy and hot beauty! 
Just feels like a movie every minute in this wonderful city 
The brilliant Ooh La Las on our stage - 
CONGRATS 
Great night catching up with so many female athletes at the 
Go Straya! 
We did it the hard way.. as we do. 
On to the big stage. And making an impact. 

We all miss you bro 
Incredible. Absolutely incredible.
Thank you doesn’t even come close 
With so much happening in 
 In the RSPCA’s animal welfare education courses run in China and elsewhere teachers ask, how can we teach kindness, empathy without taking live animals into the classroom - this ad is a brilliant example of the power of imagination to bring out human caring 
In Year 9 or 10 in Sept? 
This would not have been possible without my amazing teammates and coaches. Thank you Courage family! 
Meet Kim and Soung. They’re doing this for their families and for each other 
Send your nearest and dearest some love with Luciano and Martino's delicious pasta 
Cary, we love ya 
We sure 
Swansea 
FT: 
I want to listen to YOUR story 
Diolch 
So proud & happy to be a coach for such an amazing charity 
Yesssss 
Year 7 learners 
We love welcoming new folk to the BizDojo Takapuna fold 
An amazing team and a great product- 
I hope everyone in the 
Today marks 
Just some Sunday thoughts. 
Fabulous London carols today with live brass band for 
SO proud of 
Thx for all the 
Whatta fuckin night 
Wake up to struggle 
Practice loving all things including difficulties they are there to make u stronger  
 Happy Birthday Cooper! I am so proud of you! 
Happy to have shared this day with two very special people in my life. 
"The most luxurious private island in 
Happy Anniversary!!!! 
Change of heart? We’ve got you covered. 
Love your style
All that I am, I owe to this woman baspiras . Happy Mother's Day Queen/Sis/Best friend
Miley’s team “Girls just wanna have fun” rendition was by far one of the best battles on The Voice Ever.  
Blessed!!
Thank you soul searchers!! 
Ahhh I have had a great weekend! How about you guys? 
Check out our first 
It’s been so worth it 
Fantastic night 
My little brother is the funniest person I know, and I could not fathom a life without him....so please REGISTER & RETWEET, his donor may be on your timeline!!!
Things I love. 
An honour to attend and perform 
 Thanks Noor for this video. And thanks Arab Women of the Year Awards for having us tonight! A true honour 
 Loved your sound! You both have so much talent! Thanks for tonight 
 On a short trip Edinburgh - watching Lewis & Chris w/ guests at dinner tonight makes me v proud to work for PI 
Beefeater GMs & father & daughter Mike Wastell & Jen Board 
Day 1 of Crohns & Colitis Awareness Week 
Aneta smashing the Kung Fu for a great room. Well done. 
And More Surprises by our little Guests in 
Oh what a beautiful morning.......

Happy birthday to the king 
Love family nights. 
Happy birthday lovely lady!! 
Ok i fucking love this and i fucking love you both 
2 more 
Yet another magical moment delivered with our PI Wow 
PI WOW for our lovely guest from Mexicos Birthday! 
Happy 2nd Anniversary to our beautiful couple 
Happy beeday 
The music video for ‘Tell Me You Love Me’ is out now! 
HOLY FUCK WE JUST WON SONG OF THE YEAR. THANK YOU 
Late night hang at HQ with antoninaskobina and denys_drozdyuk of dna_denysantonina 
Moments like these are why I love playing the game... Shane’s reaction and face is priceless 
Yay - Love 
Raymond McIntyre (1879 - 1933) 'Ruth' 1913 
This puppy couldn't stop crying out in pain when anyone came near him because he'd never felt a gentle touch. But then he met this woman 
With me Geordie marrers on set of 
So much love for this kid 
One month and a bit! 
So so so happy and excited with how it all unfolded! Couldn’t have asked for a better team of people! 
Got to see my friend 
Vocal 
What does your festival horoscope say about you?
READING crew 
Going on Holiday 
We’re up for a chance of having our music pressed to vinyl!  Please go and Vote! We’ll love you forever 
GOODBYE FRANKIE! After 15-years of epic Frankie moments, we say cheerio to 
My boy 
This week I'm on tour in Oxford, Leicester, Manchester, Southend and Cambridge! Please come? Tickets 
WE 
My anxieties & my mind takes over but today has been an eye opener. I am blessed.
I have a talent, I will show the world. Come with me 
This show is very funny, shes had one hell of a life and she tells you all about it and she’s dances in it... I’m ordering mine. 
Tonight I was in the studio audience of the 30th anniversary special of French and Saunders! Laughed so hard I had to hold my face!! Watch out for it on your tv box at Xmas. Thank you 
Big love to Samantha Johnston for playing 
Hiatus sounds terribly serious for a band who's got a bergillion new songs to demo. 
thank Q 
Lincoln we're on in 15 get down to red five 
It’s mad what happens when you shift your focus to the right things. 
Hello,

I just signed the petition, “Metropolitan Police Service: The officers who have critically injured Terrell Jones-Burton SACKED!!!.” I think this is important. Will you sign it too?

Here’s the link:

A huge thank you to WFUV Public Radio for the many humbling mentions in their Best of 2017: Staff Picks piece, we're all long time fans of the station so this means so so much to us 
Guppy Issue One is sold out online but can be bought in stores across the country!!! Head to our Facebook for full list of locations 
I don’t feel no pressure 2 please the fans. Just giving y’all me... hope y’all 
Hey @
AYY! We’ve reached our target on 
Looking forward to rocking my new ANDREA boots this holiday period 
Thinking of Egypt 
Today marks the day that we won our licence back. It’s also a perfect reminder to thank everyone who made this possible and for all the kind messages today that we’ve received. You've made us feel loved 
Happy birthday Walt 
Just bought tickets for me and Jordyn 
Mood for the rest of the year
Such an incredible honor to perform a 
Follow my girl 
Follow me on 
Happy birthday bro!!! 
holy shit 2 grammy nominations. IM EXCITED THANK U GUYS 
Smino's Wild Irish Roses is hella comfortable in ma top 5 joints to drop this year 
We’ve had a minute away from playing shows and we hate it. We can’t wait to see you all in December along with our 
Thanks guys 
Thankful. 
Bullies aren’t cool. Dance it Bella. 
Thank you Florida family 
Thanks for the kind words / support 
Reuniting with my girls 
Leaving Ontario. 
We're celebrating 11 years of bringing good music to good people this Feb 16th at 
Making cocktails (mince pie martinis) at the 
19,038 Follows On 
Thank you  to our wonderful 
Wicked nights 
New music everyday... Friday 17th Nov updates are now live 
i  
 This! Creamy Red Pepper & Tomato Pasta 
Sundays are for relaxing not raving, but we've still got a brand new banger for you.. courtesy of 
 Friday is New Music Day!!!
i 
 Remebering these choc hazelnut mousse & vanilla 
Brand new updates - 15th NOV.. new music on the list from:


If we had to describe love at first sight, we would reference these mules 
Good morning 
HEAVEN! Love and Adore uuuuu boo boo 
"I hope I saved his life but if he'd jumped I don't know if I could have lived with myself" 

Walter Williams, you are a true hero 
Just been listening again to 
so happy with this thank you!
This beautiful 
Look at this gorgeous new book from the incredible 
Flashback to the 2017 TCS 
Big thanks to Yvonne & the 
No shows this weekend blocked the diary to spend time with my amazing wifey 
Man like 
Happy Friday 
Thank you to everyone showing me love nuff appreciated  
Brand new music for you.. 
Finished Alexstrasza 
Happy birthday to my boy 
Showin some 
UGH 
11.29.17 See you tonight CHICAGO at discochicago a benefit for my brotha neg_boy 
Chillin
Give me a London Girl every time. 
Good luck to my brother 
Good luck bro at the euro finals! So proud of you mate 
LOL nothing but 
Thank you for supporting 
Wow, thanks for the kind words 
Back with the 
BIG
Super happy to see our remix for 
Good start in the week seeing Carl Cox dropping my latest release "False Attitude" (Relief Records) at Music On, Amnesia!! Thanks Coxy 
  banging out Cola 
What a phenomenal beginning of our tour! Thank you San Francisco! 
I'm nominated for the Swiss Nightlife Award 2017. If you think i deserve it feel free to vote here 
On my way back home from 
Saturday ! Hive ! Rakete ! Animals ! Eagles ! Butterflies ! Reto ! Und duuuuuuuuu 
Thank you for supporting our label from day one. It means the world to us! We love you too! 
This is a BIG mix to end the show on. Thank you 
Merci to everybody who was there for me during my recovery, merci to all the fans, this one’s for you! 
Little things can cause BIG problems

So, watch those wipes. 
Bin those buds.
And help us keep our water flowing.

RT to help us stop the block 
Happy birthday my love 
 Alice in Wonderland thank you for supporting our charity 
Tonight in NYC, a very special event in support of PR
Check out some kind words about Mastermix and many many more on the latest edition of 
Thank you Tea Dance Party!  Another great time together! Vicenza I 
THANK YOU SO MUCH for playing Acid Summer tonight 
Will you save the last dance for me ?? 
CC 
Love a cup of tea 
Wooohooo! We finally got ourselves a copy of 
Men like @GregBlackmanUK & 
Happy Birthday Sylvie 
Love this mani by 
Fuck uk Music politics things are changing fast good to see everyone getting a fair chance 
Berlin this weekend with 
Happy bday to you my love! You are everything to me 
A big shout out to 
Round 2 of finding our new home this week! We see some breath-taking spaces on our first trip, we won't settle for anything less 
We took a little trip to Stoke on Wednesday to find our new home!

STOKE! We are coming up to you tomorrow, it's time to find the new home of Sankeys Stoke 
Sankeys 
Thursday 19th January at 10am.


Bournemouth, thank you! That was so much fun! 
You guys are quick huh! We'll have to do this again some time! 
We are looking forward to another amazing season on white isle this year with you all at 
Following your dreams, while never forgetting where you came from. We 
Another (away) game, another handful of alumni to hug. A senior on the 30-0 team. All heart...you win with people like this. So 
2 weeks, 2 times the League’s best! Tough, consistent, accountable... winner, fighter, baller. AND as good a teammate as there is 
Another game, another alum. I sure 
The entire show but I must say seeing you performing with your dad was something special 
 thanks for the greatest show I've ever witness in my entire life. 
Just 
 Huge Congratulations to an absolute HERO of a woman/mother/Irish citizen, Vera Twomey. With courage, decorum and patience, Vera has just helped instigate a huge move in the right direction for our country. 
Buffalo. Absolutely brilliant. I'm so glad we came, and I'd come back here anytime. Thanks everyone 
I feel bad saying this for the other shows, which have had some amazing crowds, but tonight in Minneapolis was the best so far. We even played an extra unscheduled encore. Absolutely fantastic. 
Thank youuuu 
Live on the morning show recap WDKX Fm Rochester ! Look for those new singles “SugarCane” wit 
Recap post! “SugarCane” Promo meet and greet .. Big up the fans n supporters 
Love It 
YESS Danica, Yess VA
Makeup from 
This jacket is everything! Make up used is 
The pregnant couple! 


Spotify users 
I never thought being an uncle would be so rewarding. I 
happy holidays 
Thank you, Barry. Congratulations and much love. 
...Pablo Picasso loved children’s art, said Susan Striker in “Let The Children Learn” and so do I 
A King at the 
SheEO Ventures and Activators at the national 
Even during the season of eating, it's true! We 
Thanks, Sissle!!! 
So exited 
Survivors always on my mind
Ready to watch survivor with the fans
With every lesson... there's a blessing !!! Thank you Jesus
SURVIVOR WEDNESDAYS ARE BACK !! CHECK OUT SEASON 2 OF PEOPLE TV SURVIVOR FAN FORUM
Now reach for the stars!The worst thing that could happen is you might get and asteroid instead! Do you know what asteroids are going for 
I get so much love... I just want to tell all of you who say you were afraid to do something and I inspired you..  Sincerly thank you 
Missing Fiji
 was amazing! Students and educators alike shared innovation, expertise, and 
Thanks Abf 
thank you bud glad you like it
Huge mobilisation by the 
Thankful for the people that make life great 
 it's all about the self love 2018 2019 and beyond 
LOVE YOU ISSA!!! 
Double tap 
I know, respect & 
So in love with the decor at 
Happy (late) Thanksgiving from us! So thankful to be able to live this life and have amazing people supporting me, especially 
absolutely love your music & been supporting since i watched you audition on the voice. always gonna support
Woaaahhh
We got one more sold out show w 
Look at that! Edmonton you were nice tn. Thx 
Happy for 
P
Let's give a big hand to 
! Can't wait for the premier!
Morning made 
This baby squirrel got caught on a thorn and was dangling up high in a tree. Rescuers knew they had to save his life 
 theming chokecherry with 
So much going on in the world don't know where to start. Let's do a free concert and donate the profit to charity for PR, Texas, Vegas, FL
We Have Heart 
Go + 
Just used 
DJ Price was a junior at Ridgeway High when he died in his sleep in 2013. His dad 
CONGRATS on 1,000 yards!!!! We are soooo proud of you!!!!! 
Today I can officially say that after her last scan, my amazing momma is cancer free! So proud of her
Love this team 
Love you bro 
This proud pup makes my heart swoon. 
We just saw this - thank you! 
Back in Nashville and I’m ready to spread a little Christmas Cheer at the 
Hot biscuits, warm apples & worship underscore 
Who says doggy bags aren't chic? Happy Thanksgiving 
 2my amazing husband 
So proud of my boy 
You all deserve answers as to what's been going on in the press recently, I have filmed a video to apologise for what I've said in the past and to thank you all for the incredible support. 
This post is awesome! Thank you for reminding everyone how great shelter pets are
No matter how much we might feel broken or we are hurting at times in our lives, we have to let go to move forward. 
There are two chances to 
A Monday morning treat! 
I couldn’t have had more fun or enjoyed a more interesting talk than the great time I had with Geena Davis for this 
It was great to be here, thank you Guadalajara! 
Honest, Inspiring, emotional, funny... What an incredible show  
Yippie!!! December is finally here 
Give a big like to our 
We are ready 
Applesecco going well in the TIC 
A few pics from last night with 
We are grateful for you 
NY, NJ, VA, WA get out and VOTE today while you still can! 
I'm in tonight's new episode of 
You can't go wrong with a touch of tartan from Next this winter 
Want to keep up to date with this season's hottest trends? Follow us on Pinterest 
Good Evening all! Love our festive studio at 
Today we remember. 
My two gorgeous boys! Fox and Rupert 
I love knowing 
Love from all of us to all of you. He was an incredible man.
Here’s a short film I made with and inspired by my grandfather Rance Howard; a true romantic who lived an epic life with creativity, integrity and love. 
As ambassadors for 
Entries now open for the Miss Birmingham 2018/19 competition. Apply today 
Entries now open for the Miss Black Country and Miss Birmingham 2018/19 competition. Apply today 
Come along and help support a beautiful local charity 
Too much LOVE on that picture 
Another beautiful rose to say cheerio 
2 years ago singing at Miss world in my beauty and the beast dress from 
I am not a size 0. I have lumps, bumps and curves going on all over. Just another example of how 
Thank you for everything. Sweet dreams Grandad 
Who would you rather have in charge of your club?

RT - Rafa Benítez

Still using my 
 Thankyou so much for my teeth whitening strips
 what a beautiful day 
You 
Last bit of fundraising today for 
Raised £70 for 
Massive congratulations to all the winners tonight, especially Sigita, Lucie & Rob, in the Hair and Beauty category sponsored by  
We still can’t believe it... we only went and won ‘Micro Business of the Year’ at tonight’s 
Massive congratulations to Pip from 
Love flying across the West End! 
No better time to 
Oh my gosh! We're in 2017 while 
Can’t help but give back to the School that gave me so much. 
Dr. Mitchell is awesome! My son 
And you thought astronauts only did sci-fi movies... looks like 
Really close to mine and my families heart this, please have a look and see if it would interest you 
Well today turned out completely different from a normal match day! Things like this just cements my love for the club even more 
Thanks for the mention Jef 
Happy 29th Birthday in Heaven Tyler 
Nearly 80% of adult volunteers donate more than $25 to charity. How are you contributing on 
Want to thank the people of Hawaii for showing us around! beautiful just like all of u 
THREAD 
Love my wonderful bowl of Hu Tieu Saigon 
How Handsome is 
Future 
So glad 
After a 4am wakeup, this feels great!! 
Happy thanksgiving everyone! I’m so thankful for my family, friends and fans.
TY
Yay! Taking a tour with 
Starting Jan. 11 (at 
Congrats on a great run 
happy closing 
Tune in to our Facebook live-stream tonight to see 
I couldn’t stand still. I had cried too many times! 
Mushy Gushy‘s More Butter, the new Tapas album, 
Happy bday 2 this incredible soul 
I love going for walks! 
Did you know starting your day off exercising gives you a great head start ? 
My final 7 weeks at the beloved Diner have begun! I’m ending a couple of days earlier on Jan 9th to headline 
Youth is the gift of nature, but age is a work of art. 
"It's not often that a pair of shoes gets an ovation in a Broadway show!" 
"People come out of this show on a high unlike anything I’ve ever seen – a happiness with tears in their eyes." -
Not My Father's Son: 
 Kids learn to 
You change the world when you change your mind. 
Love these little and big ones! 
Love being home on a gorgeous S.C. day! My heart is happy after spending time with these sweet girls! Fun times! 
Sorry we have been so quiet his week folks. 

In this great time of love and giving, please help give what you can to the true light of our show, 
I never thought it would be possible to love my job more and more each day! 
Tel Aviv!!!!!!!! I can’t wait to see you!!! 
There’s nothing better than a homemade gift! 
Happy you guys love it 
How sweet of you . I feel awesome to be in this group . You already know . It’s nothing but love and deep admiration 4you my android sis  
new instagram! @thandieparker 
The most fabulous cartoon ever! By 
Watched 
How much "time" do you want... For your progress??? The time is NOW. 
 will be running networks for survivors of 
We are all in this together & this is 
Since the Trump regime came into power, our country has:
more bigotry
more hatred of others
more bullying
more cruelty
more greed
more corruption
less empathy
less compassion

But still,
L
But *screams* I got my selfies with 
As do we!
Just sold Canon T3 DSLR. I 
Thnx to the boss 
Wow, what an amazing story 
Are police recruits getting younger or am I getting older? Congratulations to two of our officers who had babies last week 
Maya is on route home to her family, thank you all so much for sharing 
A massive Thank you to 
Muppet Christmas Carol forever! 
Time very well spent. 
We’re in Leeds tonight, feeding 
2/2 From my grateful heart 
Meet GLAZIN OVER in 
Entered two teams into the 
Candy Apple! 
We had a great time at last nights charity event with 
Wonderful evening celebrating the official launch of the newly named 
"Ole Buttermilk Sky" Sweet song memory. Written by Hoagie Carmichael & Jack Brooks. 
Wool hats off to the 2,400 volunteers, starring 
Love is- husband gifting me with this gorgeous presie
Thanks to our home 
wish i could be in new zealand to hug mother witch stevie 
also, a massive thank u to these gorgeous teen powerhouses from the Aorere College choir - have been a fan since i was at school & knew they would beautifully anchor this hometown performance of GL 
So excited to be a part of the 
Sunday brunch done right with my favorite BBQ and my favorite girl! We 
Ready to race! Adrenaline is pumping as our 10K race kicks off St. Jude Memphis Marathon Weekend! Huge thanks for your support! 
Packed and ready for Memphis! 
At my grans with some of the people I love the most. I needed this weekend 
I am sorry for letting people down. I am not happy with my performance but all the tournaments and pressure was too much to handle for now.. I will work on it and make the people supporting me proud again 
I had an awesome day today at the CCGS World Finals! I hope that I met everyone who wanted to meet me and that everyone had an amazing time! 
Dear Ladies:

How a simple photocopy of your CV done at an internet cafe can get you sex trafficked or find yourself working as a prostitute in the streets of SA [Thread]

RT for awareness
Join Us For Meditations-On-The-Go Platform. Join us and our growing community of Meditators. … 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO ME 
Such an honor to speak to and meet the amazing women of 
ILL NEVER BE ABLE TO THANK THE GANG ENOUGH! IM LOSING MY MIND!! 
Oh how I love you 
A very sad day , fond memories of the godfather of Italian cooking 
Heard the sad news of a dear colleague 's departure & a truly dear friend, possibly the most loved italien man in the country by his team-the nation
 just watched this entire series and sitting here in a puddle of tears. Black love is beautiful. Will def put $5 on it 
As a huge Gqom Lover it only makes sense for me to have 
Family is a basic unit of society, Happy 1st anniversary lover of my life
She Said Yes! Love is in the air at Calhoun’s in Oak Ridge 
Today I will be chatting to 
Home 
Wanna rock a free TT tee and CD? Read the article, enter ur info, and share this 
Happy Besday To My Ntwanaristo 
We are thankful for our amazing customers who have been with us on this journey
Your storm over anyone’s sunshine 
No greater love than being woken up by your significant other with a kiss. 
#25 has my heart 
Last chance to catch these avo taco bad boys 
Happy 15 years to 
Also thrilled to be playing with 
HBD to these amaxin creatures. I can’t thank God enough for having U in Ma life. May Allah continue to bless, guide, protect and provide for u in this life and the hereafter. Love u always 
Minneapolis/St. Paul/Minnnesota! We are playing the gorgeous new Palace Theater and it's almost sold out! Come out! 
Michigan u were so wonderful to us! Chicago tonight ! Can't wait !!! 
Toronto , ......literally like Elio saying goodbye to Oliver. We gonna miss you! What an incredible evening 
Have a great field trip! 
Dear Mum,

Nobody knows what U mean to us. We'll always be grateful to U.

You'll continue to reign supreme!

Happy 
This dreamy tune captures our 
My first 2018 cover ! 
unlikely friendship 
bringing back some old tunes of mine for 11/25 @ Baby's All Right ... for the OG soundcloud fans 
wow VCU definitely showing love i'll try my best to make it happen 
 from Vera and the entire 
 
 giambattistavalliparis couture dress  
 @ England 
Can't wait to be back at 
Our sweet & perfect second son decided to come into the world two weeks early yesterday 
Of course then wind creates movement like this & you just cant live without it 
MORC will you please be my Valentine? 
Yeah you do! Hope you like it man!! 
went b2b with my bb 
Julie, our self care facilitator and members of her Expert Patient Programme unveiled a plaque in Victoria Park today in memory of two former EPP Course leaders 
Thanks for all the love, all 470+ of you 
Just noticed this little mention on the back of the new 
THIS IS US 

THROW BACK TO LAST YEARS 
Happy Birthday to our fierce sexy beast mama jayde_ci 
We're on our ways to 
A few pics from our gig at the Lexington, thanks 
Really couldn't have enjoyed 
Last night playlist 
Amazing photos from an amazing night 
The Galz going to Vienna this fall 
Discover your inner purpose....not the external
Don't be distracted by your stories 
My annual tradition starts!!!  
We are back up and running after a short break! Send us your music to hello at hootingandhowling dot com 
 in Canada means kicking off the season of giving, by giving to the causes that are closest to our 
Karen is hugging it out with Slew, because they’ve been through the good and bad days of Karen’s diagnosis together 
Thank Lucy for your endless support 
If you haven’t watched my new Music Video yet - first of all, what the heck... I thought we were friends! Second of all, click here and check it out!! - 
Love these kinds of messages! 
Our fave bands are sharing all the love this Thanksgiving—see which fellow act they're most thankful for this year! 
So excited to be seeing 
A present from 
As a former Calgarian, 
Would you 
Hit 
The Early Birds Always get the Best Worms ...aka pizza
Prepping the amazing NachoCheeza w 
I'm pleased to see that people are fighting on to preserve the 
I quarterly search “Gummo Blu Ray” and “Smoking Popes Desintation Failure Vinyl” and it looks like the second one is finally happening!!!! 
Oakland my heart is with you this weekend 
 
Big love for 
When your neighborhood market is open on Thanksgiving AND pouring complimentary mimosas. 
i’ve been going to this thai restaurant for so long they gave me the wifi and let me play music on sonos 
Congratulations to everyone who worked so hard, had courageous conversations, spoke to family and friends about why equality matters. This is everyone’s victory - enjoy it 
1st December & the 
We love Cuppas Of Rothley for our afternoon tea. 
Thanks so much to all our exhibitors and everyone who came down for the day. We hope you'd as much fun as we did! 
Miss NI 2017! What a beautiful night with beautiful people 
Cant wait for the Belfast gig to see all those amazing fans again it's been too long! 
Anyone work in 
Huge thanks too to both 
Moving house and getting ready for Thanksgiving in the same week is nothing short of cray, but

 getting great UK & ROI media coverage for their Omega 3 chicken breakthrough - well done to all involved! 
Maeve in America Season II Finale! 
How lovely! 
RETWEET if you're in 
Congrats y'all!!! Amazing 
What a night! 
All set for tomorrow's  
Thank you!! 
Just a gorgeous show 
Made it to Dingle. 
Good times ahoy! 
Come and see us if you're 
Not 'as usual' but back to business all the same 
Thank you so much for the fab songs and thank you so much for tuning in - I think you will enjoy The Mad Hatties if you can catch one of those :D Looking forward to playing lots more of yours 
Donuts! Kitties! Angel Foxes, oh my!

This is utterly beautiful 
It was an absolute pleasure playing at 
Join me tomorrow morning on 
Time for 
It's Out today!! I did my best to give you a musical tale, where the sound is just the invitation, but I'll see you on the inside. 
If every town in the land had a Willie Meighan the world would be a far better place.  Three cheers and huge love for 
It sure was spectacular.  Thank you. 
Wellington friends, come through 
merch is live! go cop yourself some lingerie 
I HOPE THIS IS HOW YOU FEEL WHEN YOU WEAR MY MERCH 
1.12.2017 | follow @dashalingerie on Instagram for my official merch dropping tomo 
Thanks for having me 
when ball is life 
Jacaranda 2 million views this is a massive hit 
Wishing a very Happy Birthday to my Obi-Wan, friend and mentor, Mr. 
Let’s not forget about 
Missing this little guy like crazy 
Benefit for PR and MX with 
Yeessssss 
RIP N.E wish you was still with us. N.EV.E.R forget The real OG 
Happy Veterans Day dad, and everyone who has served. 
Happy Independence Day to all my Jamaican family, friends and supporters. Much love!!
Whoever is coming I'll see you at Victoria square in Birmingham at the "Jamaica in the square" event around 2 at the 
See you there on Sunday if you can make it
Thank you coach 
WORLD CHAMPIONNSSSS!!!!!! Thank you for all the support from everyone. 
It's going to be a matte weekend 
 from our family to yours! Tell us what you’re thankful for this year? 
Good morning family! Please help us create REAL safety from racist state violence 
It's LIVE; the video for our new single Lose Control is out now 
AHHHH got tickets this morning for niall's gig in killarney,excited is an understatement,can't wait to see 
Such a special Day . So lovely to meet you all . Chelsea your so special and we can wait to get you to dublin for the first time and bring you to a show . 
Always love going to 
My morning has been made 
Delighted to announce that we will be supporting 
Taylor and Ed reunited on stage last night for an amazing performance 
We laughed, we cried! 
It's National Mutt Day!

We 
Always remember those that gave their lives so we can have the freedom to do what we want with ours. 
POUR EUX, TOUS ENSEMBLE, FAISONS LE !!!

FOR THEM, ALL TOGETHER,
LET'S DO IT !!!


Love you momma 
Cork City 
Because of donors like James...

Jack received a lifesaving bone marrow transplant, and will get to spend Christmas with his loving family 
Because of platelet donors like John...

Thousands of patients across Wales will get to celebrate with friends and family this festive season 
Wishing a HUGE Happy Birthday to one of my Fave School Leaders!! He 
Even good people make mistakes. It doesn’t make them any less good. 
 my team!
“No one cares how much you know, until they know how much you care.” -We are thankful for our 
I invested 877,920 
I invested 30,924 
I invested 29,319 
I invested 1,250 
I invested 98,324 
  we just 
Career Day 
Congrats Bd Mbr 
2
OMG, what an amazing achievement for 
Quality 2-1 win in our final game vs Germany, 3wins out of 3 to take into the algarve tournament in February... also an honour to have captained such a great set of lads 
That’s a teachers’ 
Innovation and creativity are part of our outcomes and it goes beyond the classroom. 
Sharpening the Saw @ Eliot. Students need recess & time to socialize daily. Love our students 
Our 2nd graders know how to put on a show! Stories come to life through movement! We 
Measuring in non-standard units & applying lessons from to "Inch by Inch". We 
Sharing a strategy on solving 
Last big push for our authors to finish their first drafts. I could not be prouder of their talent and grit 
Yes, it’s our November PBIS Pajama Dance Party Day!  Our scholars love 
Happy
A special shoutout to the varsity Lady Lancers team and coaches for hosting the Jr. Lady Lancers 3rd graders
game day coffee chats 
I love so much that this album will be recorded ALL BECAUSE OF YOU GUYS! Let's go kick some ass! 
happiest of bdays to my 3 fav people:) live care free today and know i always miss y’all
The love & support the North Scott community has is unreal. I’ll always be thankful to have been a part of this family
THIS IS SO COOL! Congrats to 
Tomorrow night!!!!
If you saw last night's episode of 
Shout out to our 
Regram sunfunapp 
 Kinders are 
Taking time this weekend to remember that I teach for them 
 and I'm thankful for breakfast dates with 
Need an inspiring thought to start ur week? Read one of our pieces by 
Yes !
Your favorite shop is open this Sunday 
Hi peeps !
It’s time to show us your 
Literally just listening thinking the same thing. Every artist fully delivered & the nostalgia is very real right now! 
Local news: grateful teachers and students. 
these teacher leaders rising up to build a joyful & strong school culture for our students & communities. 
A local superhero inspires us all to be a superhero for our students. 
For all this we salute you and love you 
Our new interactive video "The Missing" feat. Ryan Tedder is out, come and share the 
We play at 6 and we'll sell fantastic ibiproducts designed by ToiletPaper & Dyane for Colette only
Prepping for our PTO Book Fair!  We 
Packed house at our first band concert of the year! 
Lovely meeting you guys 
Big love my bro !!!! 
Getting down with the amazing positive vibes from Denver. Much needed 
10 tix left as of last night for tonight's show at The EAGLE Inn in Salford 
OH AND I’m seeing my boys 
Headed to 
Fastest 100 Million on Non-film song in India till Date. We did it. That's record.
Thankyou everyone 
Love you for your efforts and support 
Performing live in Paris for the first time on New Year’s Eve.
Let’s welcome 2018 together. 
Contact : 0603858188 
 we have four sweet pups in need of fosters for the week. Please open your 
Big love from Trance Family Toronto 
Back in Europe 
Crazy throwback. I made a 5 year goal in 2009 
Presenting First Look of “LAHORE”
Releasing soon on 
Wishing everyone Happy Gurpurab 
MEXICO love forever 
Thanks for coming back tonight and live 
This is your Tuesday reminder 
They will wake up with a storm soon!!! 
last night was legendary thank you LA! 

btw s/o to everyone who bought some merch too! you guys are awesome
 if you're ready for a new episode of 
i know i got some nbks in Minnesota. you better come give the birthday girl a kiss tonight. 
see you tomorrow chicago
 happy bday sweet baby
i feel like my driver is really enjoying my 2-hour drive crunk playlist, and it warms my heart. 
new song One Thing out now on 
Santa Ana last night 
Good morning. Glory to god. We are all blessed 
Sending hugs and kisses your way 
It’s really hard to believe that you’re gone...I love you bro. Rest easy
Happy 1st of Dec to all of my fans. You are all so beautiful, positive + real. Hope you’ve felt my 
It’s important to be positive at a time like this, tell your friends you love them and how much you appreciate them 
INCREDIBLY proud of my wife 
On this day, I married the love of my life.  Here's to a lifetime with my angel
Legacy is not yours to create. You PERSPIRE while God TRANSPIRES
So very proud to be married to a woman who knows who she is, yet seeks to find more depth, and shares the wisdom. 
Thank god for another year of life 
So excited to have you on Saturday!! 
 flew 2 our country  n rocked our world,we
Let’s share the love 
 such a great night and full of energy :) 
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! 
Being a state champ runs in the family, Congrats honey 
If you can Remember your WHY(s)
The HOW will Never Stop You.

Reason why I GRIND #1:
My Mother. The Queen of My Heart

See you tonight at Macarena Club for the New World Disorder party!


After a week of rest, I feel lucky with the next releases and the artists who have collaborated on them. More info coming soon! 
WOW! Completely excited! 
CAOS is already #4 Top 
LOVE this 
Another great 
...now I know how to make my own macarons:)
Thank you @Ladurée 
See you Saturday for a GREAT cause
It's great to be back in Paris 
I just landed in Germany... my Record is out today... I'm too jet lagged to believe it! 

Go Go Go Go get it:)
Hey everybody just incase you've missed it
in the middle of 2 hours of reggae on 
Back with you again today 
2/2 I will never stop making music. My new EP is out NOW! 
You know I got mad love for you guys for this 
Thanks big bro 
Flashback to this progressive classic!
Japanese are definitely one of the kindest and humble people in the world. Had amazing shows in Tokyo and Osaka, met so many fans and probably set a world record of taking selfies with them. Can't wait to be back. Arigatou 
Japan has been nothing but joy! Last night in Tokyo was another level, looking forward to my show tonight in Osaka! Amazing fans, actually one of the best fans in the world! I will definitely come back here, no doubt 
Arigatou Tokyo for an amazing show last night! Such a warm welcome 
On my way to Japan 
You did it!! Take You Home just hit 200K. Let's keep it climbing 
Announcement 
So much love for all of you supporting the EP! 
So much support on the Cellphone EP! Thanks to all the DJ’s for the support 
just listening back to 
Brilliant penalty from Vardy...in 6 inch heels 
Can't believe that the one and only Quintino is taking care of the Spinnin' Sessions Guestmix coming Thursday 
Spinnin' Sessions is coming to China! Come party with us at Electric Jungle Music Festival December 9th 
Our ADE 2017 was just perfect! Check out the official Spinnin' Records ADE 2017 aftermovie to relive it all again 
See my BRO 
Can’t wait to see my creations running around being all cute and shit. 
The night my little sister decided to perform at casinos with the dynamite duo 
Londoners stay safe please 
My debut EP 
Rest easy brother. Watch over us. We love you 
When the dust settles, the only thing we have that matters is family
Vancouver you are such a showoff. 
Hi everyone! Check out the link in my bio to 
Looking forward to this city next week! 
Views from Centennial Hall are 
My homie 
African Cupcakes 
Omg I Love this!!! Definitely does Big this!!! 
Just a Thank You to YOU... yep, YOU! 
Here's some photographic evidence of your awesome advocacy 
Let’s research that... 
We're thankful for our Jayhawk community and hope you all have a wonderful day with family and friends.
National dog day? Sure! 
I also want this Gutenberg release to give props and a 
Come to this kickass event tonight in Maynooth. We will be talking about the importance of intergenerational dialogue in combatting HIV Stigma and rising HIV rates. Great set of speakers 
our community!
THANK YOU FOR 1,000,000 VIEWS ON 
Always love. Love is all. 
"Always be humble and kind" 
Please take a minute to check this out and raise money for 
TY 
 provided my boy with his own hospital pj's recently 
Lunch is served 
This made me cry. Love you 
Love y'all! 
 Team made it to Marlboro, NJ tonight with a lovely reception given by 
Happy 10th Birthday to Happy Bennett! Love Tony and Susan! 
Look at this pretty girl! 
My nieces favorite place in the world is 
Liam Miller
The Sinopec Shengli Oilfield has held a "Golden Wedding" ceremony for 52 couples. More story: 
HONOURED to announce I am the new face of 
Make a statement with our Lipify Stylo Lipstick in 'Lust' 
Thanks to students & faculty in Pipe Trades at IT campus for using their talents and big hearts to create amazing holiday decorations - They raised over $1100 which they will donate to Giving Tree recipients 
An epic love ballad...
I am because of you...I LOVE you!
In love with your 
Ours too 
  Albany Bahamas is a luxury resort community on the island of New Providence in The Bahamas being developed by...
 Another tough day at Albany Bahamas! 
YOU ARE AMAZING!  Thank you to all who generously gave on  
Big St Basils love to all the people who took part in the Big Brum Sleepout 
please retweet, come home sav
Only ONE day left until the annual 
Loving the RECLINING seats at 
I love being gay. I love gay people. 
Really sad & scary. Thinking of my home, Northern California 
Grateful for people who entered my life in '13. For Shahirah, May May, Ken, Peter. Clare and Claire. For Abrar. Happy new year everyone 
It's been an extremely tough few days but the resilience & heart that the girls have shown is testament to themselves & the football club 
We are thrilled for you! Thanks to 
Benidorm was thrilled to be included in last night's Royal Variety Performance.  The sketch wasn't listed in the programme so it could be a surprise and the audience reaction was amazing!! Now we CAN'T WAIT for 
 and me with the pooches before Scala. such a wonderful uk half of the tour 
Woah I just heard 
7” vinyl of “Stopwatch” 
Petey has returned!! After 4 days in the hospital he is finally home with his papa. Thank u for your love, we almost lost the lil guy 
SPOTIFY: I 
Thanks to you mad folks who came n supported us tonight at Plug!!! Thanks to 
Manchester, what a beautiful sweaty mess last night was. To everyone who gave themselves to the cause, we love you 
Big love to Amazing Radio 
 - THE GUYS OVER AT 
STEPS WERE ABSOLUTELY PHENOMENAL 
Someone was pleased to see the Xmas tree get delivered this morning! 
Today the day! 
TICKETS FOR OUR BIGGEST EVER HEADLINE GIG ARE AVAILABLE HERE —> 
We’re on at 37:00 for those who missed it 
Hate crime will never be tolerated on the rail network. If you're ever targeted with hate speech, report it. 

Text us on 61016.


Love the Mahogany sessions, they've introduced me to so many artists, this is lush. 
Woop! Wavey Official Video OUT NOW 
I’ve been through a lot man. I could’ve not been here but God kept me here & that’s why I get so emotional cos my gratitude is beyond this world. I’m so grateful for hope & having reasons to want to wake up. U guys are lovely 
Thank u Henny 
Love u soooo much mummy 
Thank you mi loveeee 
Thank you sis 
Diddy’s sons remind me of him soooo much to the point where you just know they admire him so much 
"She's Mine" a 
Did you know that if you text 07725 909090 when you are feeling really depressed, down or not yourself, a crisis counsellor will text.It's a service run by 
 Kind is beautiful 
Best Day Of Our Lives, Mr&MrsWeimann 
Dream come true making my 
Most amazing honour being called into the 
 MERRY CHRISTMAS FROM ME TO YOU... HERES A NEW ONE 
Supporting Liam Gallagher tomorrow and just found out the venue is 13,500 capacity fucking hell. 
I do it for my family
So much love for my 
Love sharing the screen with my sister 
Looooove this young woman! My daughter and BEST friend 
It takes a tough man to get the counseling. It's a weak man that cant handle it. 
All donations are appreciated 
3 weeks tonight I’ll be spending the night on the streets of Edinburgh to try and raise money to end homelessness. I’d appreciate any donations 
Please look out your window and see why we need to tackle this. Please donate 
All donations are much appreciated 
Buddy and his new best bud from 
Thank you ladies for another amazing show 
GUYS! WE DID IT! We have been shortlisted for the final in the 
I've loved going up and down the country supporting  the wonderfully talented 
 throwing it back to my fav show ever 
Awesome show this afternoon by the children 
For everyone who has a bit of a pash on 
Lest we forget
What a TEAM!! Another brilliant day. I am bursting with pride. 
Thank you Jayne & Nigel 
Love my family sending this to me because they know I love Christmas 
P6 enjoyed taking part in Friendship Friday! We made friendship bracelets and friendship stones 
 NEVER disappoints! One of the BEST weekends in Scotland you’ll ever have 
Here are the 
Looking fwd to working with P2 and P3 classes tomorrow to share all the exciting resources in the 
We will miss working with 
Moments like this 
‘From gaining to owning power 4 all 
Once again, the beautiful colleagues from 
Sending my love and prayers to one of the nicest guys I've met, stay strong pete 
Praying for one of the nicest guys ive met, stay strong my man peter gilham everyone is with you 
Finally back home with my fav 
Thank you to everyone who attended, supported & made our collaborative creative 
Help shape dementia research in Scotland 
Dream come true making my debut at the king power!! Thanks for all the messages 
The future of Jamshedpur looks extremely bright.
Beautiful 
Honoured & Humbled 
True that brother 
We will continue to fight for you guys on the field of play 
TEAM WORK IS DREAM WORK 
That’s Deep 
People of 
?


Look at his happy little smiley face
Kids these days...selfie..hi guys this is me and my bruver 
Stephen's Green on a rainy Wednesday night never looked as good.... 
Our hero out for his pick of grass and walk this morning 
Beer Goggles rate of improvement in 2017 must be applauded, pulling away again at the finish here and he jumped insanely well. He won a hcp hurdle off 97 in March 2016, again off 113 in March 2017 and today he’s improved another 10lb from his mark of 152. He’s tremendous 
He’s such a dude!! Made my week. Love this chap! 
I have the cutest little lamb in the world 
It is w/ sadness we heard today of the passing of 2x 
Excited to announce that our tour video for Will You Be There? is out today!! Thank you to everyone who came to see us play 
‘Live For The Moment’ is the biggest selling debut album for a band this year. Thank you everyone for buying the album, spread the word!
See you soon Tynecastle. 
The world's biggest jockey fan is in a rehab center for the holidays. NY jocks will recognize Jacqueline, one of the kindest 
From boys to men
The endless opportunities of learning
Such an incredible day visiting Second Chance Farm at Lowell Correctional Inst. Acacia is so excited to tell the story of Immortal Wink! This little horse inspires!
To much class, Thank you so much  Robby Albarado for all the help 
I’m only here for good vibes and changing lives. 
Al Asef wins the novice stakes in style 
ATTN: The fan bus will still be on, we just need 20 more people to sign up! Let's take advantage of this fun day! SIGN UP IN THE OFFICE before tomorrow at noon!!!
The AdvoCare Foundation had a blast at the 
LOVED this email, received tonight, from one of you guys  
Sometime you've got to look back, to appreciate how far you've come...

Our boy Max - before and after 
 dinner 
Willkommen / Welcome 
Happy to advance into the next round! BMO field y’all amazing! Toronto 
Hey Ottawa! We need your help! PLS RT & sign your name to improve care for kids 
Braw company fae ilka pairts an a' leid. Sàr oidhche le seann charaidean agus feadhainn ùra. Great tae meet Twitter friends in 'realtime', jig & reel time
6 bottles of premium 
It's a Lyla Belle Wedding!
Keeping up with the 
Mooi Dems!!! 
Finally. Tonight. A sip and chat with my professional crush, his royal highness 
Primary 1 had a fabulous time at Linwood Library this morning receiving their 
Rihanna - Needed Me
Thank you for all your 
A few more pics. We love you Stellenbosch! 
Revlon ambassador 
"Finding the right shade of foundation is like finding true love." 
Oh! This is just lovely 
We’re never growing up, I promise...
Cute 
Talented kids - The Skyscrapers 
So....fluffy....
That. Was. Fun. Thank you 
be good to yourself 
Right on time.. 
A day well spent today w my pops Michael Strickland and our cousin Bobby Pierce - a Vietnam War Veteran!! My heroes. 
We release our brand new single 'Breathe' a week tomorrow! 
Make sure you hit us up on Spotify now and give us a follow if you haven't already >> 
I'm going to DM as many people as I can that tweet my new song 
A delay doesn't mean a denial... Hold on. Just... hold on 
Thanks to Justine 
We're recovering from a very busy but successful tasting event yesterday at 
Time to bring it home to Glasgow, 
This was one of the first craft gins we tasted and we have been in 
You can fall in 
Festive smells all round-cinnamon egg white 
Gorgeous and nutritious Açai berry chia pudding and fruity 
My other 
Hi everyone, please check out my designs and collaborations at 
Love this image and the heartening sentiment from 
Saturday FRENCH TOAST... caramelised pears, pecans, vanilla and cinnamon yoghurt. Cheers for the photo love 
Happy birthday princess. I love you 
Chijmes and Raffles Singapore 
Preparing for 
NEW blog post on my website - My First Malaysian Travel Experience, Read here 
Photoshoot prep for @phdtee 
NEW to @phdtee 'LOST IN MANHATTAN' designer Unisex & Women's T-Shirt 
We salute all of you from the bottom of hearts! 
Even if have different skin colours, you showed us that feeling of love, friendship, respect is something unique. 
Now taking bookings for our first LADIES ONLY BOOTCAMP of 2018.
Today I taught year 3 for the first time and with my 
Happy with the 3 points 
DANCED WITH THE DEVIL single is now ready for PRE ORDER 
United for life 
From publishing, to recordings, to neighbouring rights — we couldn't be prouder of all our incredible Kobalt clients with nominations at the 60th annual 
***TONIGHT***

The inspired songcraft of 
Thank you so much!!!! 
F E E L S. 
48HRS IN LAS VEGAS with emmalouiseconnolly. To see the full feature Click the link in my BIO. 
New video now live on my 
Last nights sunset situ was one to remember. 
It's started to 
This shit is insane. Thank you 
Still buzzing from the London show the other night. Thanks for all who came along! 
Thank you so much Exeter to all those who came and showed us some love. Such a blast 
 thank you for having me along as your guest yesterday! Was lovely to meet you & hear about your amazing work. Hope to be able to help in some way 
its gonna be viibey! iiiiiinside!!!!!! 
Birmingham, this Friday!! 
Faves 
What a lush venue!! What a lush night! Thanks to all who came out. That was one to remember :-) 
OCTOBER & NOVEMBER! Over 14,000 people descended on nearly 100 Scruff of the Neck shows across 16 cities (with 5,000+ rider beers drank!) with multiple sell-outs! We honestly cannot thank the artists and fans enough! WE LOVE YOU ALL! 
Happy marriage day! Chatting with Peter Goers on 
Love WINS 
We could not be more proud of all our donors who came along on Sunday to our first ever Donation Day 
Love & Thanks to 
Fantastic news for our wonderful trans young people everywhere! Amazing! Congratulations to the fabulous advocates everywhere 
First session back... mission to get that meat back to these bones of mine has began. 
Our wonderful sponsors are doing brilliantly! Thanks 
Thank you so much to all of the incredible team at the 
We are filming 
Congratulations team 
Help make Christmas extra special this year for families who need it the most   
Oh my God what a God I serve 
Family is everything 
Aw thank you 
There is nothing better as support your friends and family as much as you can . It’s all about love and cohesion 
Thoughts are with Ann & her family at this time! I'm sure the whole of women's football is behind her 
Best couple of weeks with all the best people 
All my backers, you have my entire gratitude! 
Protecting children's rights is our priority. 
Congrats P! Buzzing for ya 
Proud
YESSSS my girl, congrats 
I'm back in Nairobi from 
Cracking session tonight. Enjoyed that 
What a club 
Lil niece killing the game! 
Sending you lots of 
THANK YOUU!!!
I can see myself & my Nanna! Lovely to see my Nanna on there!! I will come to visit it when i can 
Bolehall swifts 0 Atherstone Town 4 
Goalscorer 
All at Atherstone Town FC welcome 
That's bro 
And God Bless Our Deb, one of the very best cultural ambassadors sharing 
We are making vans look pretty today 
Another glorious day for installing signage 
When you pull an existing fascia down to reveal traditional sign written signs 
MetaProp is thankful for the 
Welcome into the world Harper Isobelle Miller 
3 new additions to Atherstone Town FC , welcome to the Adders 
 seeing young professionals up on stage at 
Mark and team.... Proper supporters of music! Doing a top, top job! 
I won YouTube Channel Award of the Year! Thanks to my die hard rafiki squad !!!! I love you guys 
dear 
Having fun packing 
StuCo representing Langford 
 for a follow
How’s ur day? 
 for a follow back
Humbled 2 talk w/ 
This message
 books with quirky characters & charming illustrations? Check out 
Hi Snapfish friends, we should be back up and running. Thanks for sticking with us, and YES we will still honor your codes tomorrow if you called it a night already. 
Just catching up to this now. Really great and important story. 
so sad that i've just finished my last ever house evening, but so happy for all my super talented and lovely friends nailing their acts 
Can’t express my excitement about being here at 
That's a wrap on 
Great review of 
And featuring 
Had a brilliant evening at the 
You guys need this book in your life. The truth behind all those happy, shiny, cool photos you see you Instagram. Also I contributed to this collection and so did a lot of my faves. 
Nothing but respect for MY Justice League. 
Finally finally figured out a format for my next book in the Water series “Your Heart Is The Sea”. 
Today I am thankful for my best friend 
How cool to see Wild Embers at one of my favourite bookshops! Foyles at London Waterloo! 
Today, I am thankful to the amazing team over 
We all we got. 
I just got home and am speechless after our screening of KIA. I'm so touched by all the support & love. Thank you isn't enough. 
Good luck everyone!! 
 will light its spire red tonight for this year's 
Thank you to everyone who works in, visits, and continues to photograph 
Happy birthday to my lovely tele dad 
MY WOMAN OF THE WEEK 
Miss waking up with you jezza
Also forgot to add my buddy 
watching the Olympics makes me want to burst into tears a million times a day 
Dude....Stranger Things.  
Love and Beauty y’all! 
YOU are a true warrior! 
When all seems bleak... Love more! 
 crew visited the Sparrow Orphanage today. These little ones have HIV / AIDS but it doesn't stop them smiling, they are the sweetest things in the world and just want to be loved 
She’s one of our sexiest vegan celebs of 2017 & a fierce defender of animals 
Another reason why mutts are amazing? Each one has their own unique personality & look 
This photo is EVERYTHING 
Reality 2017: 

While you walk home at night you record and edit an podcast session with a bar owner from brasil and talk about how to deal with two concepts in a room.20 Minutes later its distributed all over the internet

love that shit 
Here's the Muslim Mayor of the gay capital of the world. I bloody 
“@FlyAlex25: AMAZING teaching next to 
.@DJSClass8 
NEW SINGLE ‘KNOCK ME DOWN’! Please retweet and spread the love 
That is one of the nicest pics of you 
Yesssss!!! Thank you 
Roise, you are our hero 
My beautiful Monty!! So proud of him 
New date added Saturday 9th December 
A day later, still pondering incredible evening last night 
I do love my brilliant 
Congratulations Emma Fraser, Grace Dyas and 
 Can't wait to see you! 
 we’ve hit a bug that prevents UWPs from opening so we will not be flighting a new build today. Have a great weekend! 
Happy Thanksgiving friends. I’m so very grateful for this amazing life! 
One of those moments. After Barbara Hammer opening. With 
Look at what a wonderful surprise I just got! 
Oooh, I 
All good 
The silent struggle of being a new 
I LOVED doing every moment of this with Q Smith and 
!! Wishing you and 
My Gosh. There is so much to be thankful for. It’s a beautiful Thanksgiving Day here in NYC. Wishing you love and laughter today friends. 
Happy Sunday Friends!: Wishing our incredible neighbors at 
Be mine - Robyn 
Thank you for being the best 
Gee golly whiz, you guys sure made me feel special on my B-Day!!! Thanks everyone for the birthday wishes!!! 
Beautiful inside and out - the lovely 
all these languages in my neighborhood on this sign 
Happiest birthdays to 
Writing 
Join us TOMORROW, Sunday, Sept 3, in ANGELES CITY, Pampanga for another special 
Hi my ladies. 
We are beyond blessed that "Bantug Lake Ranch" has joined our quest to help end hunger and spread love! 
So excited to share a teaser of what I’m up to! Holiday care packages will be delivered to 48 young girls that have been in the system a LONG time & could use some cheering up. Thank you to 
Hope you all having lovely evening 
Coco is one of the most beautiful movies I've ever watched. I laughed and cried and left the cinema smiling. Such a joy
PEOPLE! Listen to me. Go see 
Thank you so much.

Not just for making my birthday amazing, but for making every day amazing.


Amazing update from the Free High School today.... 
Thanks to the plaza, building #1 is now officially wheelchair accessible for the first floor classrooms and the unisex/family bathroom. Amazing, humbling moment. 
Happy Thanksgiving All. I am so thankful for this experience.
We’re privileged to partner with some amazing organizations - and now it’s our turn to celebrate one of them. Please join us in saying a huge thank you to the wonderful folks at 
The answer is LOVE. Music that is Moving and inspirational will live, Good people are remembered forever, a Sweet soul is never forgotten.
Glen Campbell will forever be remembered as the greatest babysitter Dash and I ever had. That man had a smile that will live forever. 
Launching Juan Gonzalez's  "Reclaiming Gotham" at 
Feels like endless summer in Texas. We 
Opening night is finally hitting me. So grateful for all the 
 Hearts for Housing Is Almost Here!
Lovely write up from 
Tonight

1 year 
IT HAS BEGUN! Free ice cream for all today until 7pm! 
tomorrow we're out with 
May the gods of poultry bless you this day.  
Happy Thanksgiving y’all.  
LIVE NOW on BF1

Hazard loving MnK on XB1!


Shoutout to the first person to put WOLVfam on the twitter name 
Stoked for the stream tomorrow Thanks everyone for all your support it means the world to us 
BIG Shoutout to 
One of the coolest things I got to bring home from 
Here is something special for everyone! All Chest Spawns
Get SUMMONER STATS, suggested BUILDS for your champion and COUNTER-TIPS directly in-game with 
Thanks for hanging out tonight! Got quite a lot of ornaments on our Sub-Tree! Thank you the support as always! You allow me to keep doing what I love! Special shout out to 
With one hour of sleep. Thank god for 
 Stormblood won the 
Mine would have to be 
PvP stream this evening time-TBC due to going to hospital so tune in when i post up show some love 
It contains a super comfortable chair! Thanks 
!! 
List of awesome streamers/communities 
We just wanted to say that we wouldn't be where we are if it weren't for our supporters. 

We're so thankful for this community.


٩(๑•◡-๑)۶ⒽⓤⒼ
Morning everyone. I'm in major pain today. So I'm finishing Harry Potter. Cause I want to. Join us at 12pm PST/3est at 
Like if Active! 
Selling GTA 5 Modded Acc for ALL consoles DM
Selling Pre-Transfered GTA acc NOW!!!
1 follower away from 4.6k! 
New schedule for college break! for at least 3 months i've changed a bit the times and days of stream! check it out either on discord or my twitch page, much love 
Sorry for not being around here or discord this week, I wanted to disconnect and spend some time with my family since I see them like twice a year. I hope you all had a fantastic holiday! 
We are humbled and amazed to have so many wonderful streamers and viewers here at Caster Cafe! 

Giving our thanks to them 
WIN A SCUFF CONTROLLER
Hello, yes. Windows update is over. Let's get back into some 
Hey everyone :) surgery was a success and I’ll be doing treatment in hospital till at least the 1st and as late as the 4th. I hv some access to my phone now so I’ll pop into streams when I can 
So tomarrow morning I get released. I will start my stream at 12 noon and be playing halo and fornite depending on who I’m with. Glad to be coming back to the wonderful community 
I leave early afternoon tomorrow for surgery :) let’s kick this cancers ass. Love you all 
Fun night of crushing the Wasteland and building up our cement biome in 7D2D.
Sent Kismet 
Rockst4rs for life
I wish I was rich enuf to have an assistant. Just for like daily life. 
Me when I play 
So psyched to watch 
My grandma just sent me the same picture four times. I’m not mad at it 
Great time playing GoW4. You all continue to blow me away with the love, subs, resubs and dono's, Thank You! 
Great time tonight, back tomorrow with a day stream 10AM-2PM EST and then again 8PM EST.

Gave the love to 
Super fun night tonight. Thank you for the resubs and love 
awesome stream wolfpack!! plenty of viewer raids with 
Awesome night tonight - You guys & gals bringing the love once again!
Thank you for the dono's and continued love!

Have a great Thanks Giving. See you tomorrow/today at 8PM EST.

Gave the love to 
Gonna be streaming some breath of the wild, join me in Hyrule this next week to kick backside!! 
Get in on this 
Videos will be late tonight as I went to visit my Auntie who has sadly fell ill, lots of love to her for a speedy recovery 
Eyyy I do love the look of this absolutely! Sounds like a very productive afternoon in most cases, really appreciate the support dude! :D 
DUUUUDES if you haven’t checked this out yet, my great friend 
It’s good to be home 
I can't be live how awesome the community is on 
I know I've been dead for a while, some of you no longer love me, but I have an actual date for my return to share very soon! 
This might blow your mind, but I am actually going to take a break and go outside tonight.  I have been overworking myself like crazy with YT and Twitch and I see myself getting worn out and needing some energy. Back tomorrow, have a wonderful night! 
Sorry I haven't posted in the last 2 days, my parents and brother are visiting from Vegas and I have been trying to get some recordings done while spending time with them as well! Streaming soon and Blind Trading tomorrow, much love! 
MIXER HYPE MAN 
We got to 750 follows last night everyone! Yay! Road to 1K is now underway! 
Voiced her amazing Pennywise! Fun way to collab with my boo 
Please help me and my stream by sharing my GoFundMe. Thanks to those who have donated on stream 
Please RT my pinned post. If you’re able and would like to help save my PC donate through my GoFundMe 
Thank you for the cute pets!  Make the dark, spooky house a little bit better 
THANK YOU SO MUCH! YOU ARE *wait for it AMYZZING 
I'm trying to get into Pro Gaming. Does anyone have any tips or anything? 
I am atm preparing stuff and things for tomorrows 1 Year Partnership celebration Stream and have to cancle for today since I will stress out otherwise :D

Sorry and Happy Friday!
This baby squirrel freaked out during the eclipse, so this guy took her in and made her a “jungle” inside his closet 
Thanks for helping us help kids, 
Happy Wednesday from animal-assisted therapy team Sallie and Beau! They've been volunteering at OHSU Doernbecher for four years. 
We're feeling thankful for our OHSU Doernbecher NICU Family Advisory Council. This group is made up of parents of NICU graduates, and they threw a "fall pie party" for families of current NICU patients earlier this week. 
It's crazy how many people I really touch and I don't even realize because I'm just being me.
Last Minute F/A for Dallas
700 Points
I Can run/do anything, I'll hold your spawns, you'll never have to worry about them
Get me on a team builder, roaster lock is on Sunday

RT RT RT
Thank you 
Inspire a generation 
And just like that 
Thank you Sweetie!  Hope you are having a wonderful weekend!  Sending you Love&light!  
Wow!  I love you and God bless you for sending this!!! I hadn’t seen that pic of me in decades!  Thank you so much!! Sending you lots of love and hugs!! 
Some Golden Corral sounds good right about now 
Good luck to everyone today! 
If you were in solo Qualifiers Group A please make your way back to the stage to pick up your peripherals immediately. 
 A perfect combo, just like you and me baby 
COCKY 
Breaking the 2-hour marathon. Crazy? Yes. So we’re doing it. 
Friday is a special day for lunch in the High School. 
18 days 
My 18 year old brother is trying to make it as an artist; here’s some of his work, twitter do your thing
i will be joining 
i love you guys so much if you ever need to talk to me im always trying my best to respond and message all of you
CANT STOP LISTENING TO IT
THE DISCOUNT CODE “duh” IS NOW WORKING
lets keeping going strong as a family nothing can stop us, i love you guys with all my heart
, fam! Grateful for each of you 
We love this from 
This year we're taking a moment to thank our Huggies families for their commitment to help babies in need. With your help and Diaper Need efforts, you’ve spread so much love and we thank you. 
Can you spot my nephew? I think he made some new friends 
Manatees just steal our 
Yass today is the day! Hand-signed copies of my book are now at 
I’m so thankful for all of you. Thank you for supporting me and everything i do
Happy Thanksgiving from my family to yours :) Don’t be afraid or think it’s corny to tell someone how much you love and appreciate them
Reset your mind and body with this series I created for 
Give a gift that keeps on giving! 
It's called my 
Check out my favorite holiday picks from 
@LandenLucas33 will be at R&D Sports 1507 SW 21st, Topeka tonight from 6-8pm. Stop by for autograph, help our foundation and say hello! 
Decorating the Disney Christmas tree! Just a few favorite ornaments from 
Wasting no time! Christmas Eve is a month away! We've got lots to do! 
Also, if you can't listen to Justin Beiber's Christmas "Under the Mistletoe" album on repeat, then we can't be friends! 
Today is the last day to listen to everyday music! Starting in a little over 12 hours, it's Christmas music only until December 25th @ 11:59pm! 
Inspired by all the New Yorkers I see running, walking and biking along West Street today. 
Indeed! 
Fab 5 is who we are!! Love each of them to the max!! 
What a night.....thank you 
So proud of you 
Hair by me makeup 
After a long week 
Sharing some unlimited joy to your timeline. 
Looking forward to meeting everyone at 
Tune in at 7 
Thanks so so much everyone for your lovely comments about my outfit lastnight 
Black and white 
Today is World day of Remembrance for Road traffic Victims..
Remembering everyone that has lost lives been injured on our roads..
OMG you guys! You kept her in! Thank you so much to everyone who voted for our girl. Back to it same time tomorrow 
 to backstage at 
Showtime knockranny_house_hotel for cystic fibrosis 
Another fantastic Q Bake Off toady in Cork for 
Joanne Hynes ups the ante again for Dunnes Stores thanks 
2017 Thoughts 
Getting in Xmas spirit with my main bitches 
My friend who is in agony with depression finds Christmas very tough. “Everyone is in great form.” Many people suffer in silence. Be kind 
I’m a sausage momma 
Fun Fact: our Healthy Grains Maple Quinoa Clusters are a staple in 
Many wars were won with heart 
What an absolute trooper, if anyone can get through this it's him. My brothers a star, love you Bill
Happy Birthday Big Yin 
He is the chef 
Sound of 
Please help us provide running water for the inspiring kids of Mhali primary school. 
Sitting out in the garden in Zimbabwe watching the lightning with the worlds most useless guard dog my dear Spencer... heaven 
 
End the stigma. 
It’s time to let go & live! Happy Monday everyone! 
Window shopping down 5th Avenue 
Imagine that! Spotted on 
One of our favourite weddings of the season, now on the blog! 
Embrace uncertainty 
I cried at his Glastonbury set four years ago when he tap danced sitting on a stool 'cos his knees couldn't take it. What a trooper. 
This is a beautiful tweet made by the fabulous 
Here's to women. Phenomenal, strong, powerful, intelligent, outspoken women who will not be silenced. March loud & proud 
So overwhelmed to be finishing 
Wintery beautiful Dublin 
With all the crap going on in the world right now we need more of the love in the vid below. What a hero 
oh the drums 
Handsome Xavier and his gorgeous date Maddie at drinks before their matric dance...
 beef sosaties wit 
So many people being brought together by the love of nature and a willingness to keep it clean. 
Ok... enough online activity for the day! 
That was fun... let me take care of admin and head to bed. 
Good night everyone 
They’re so happy, it’s beautiful 
Thank you honey
Crazy about 
Can't wait!!! Thank you for the opportunity 
Love of my life.... my mom 
My boys...
You were already a part of it! Now just MORE. 
Lunchtime. Pappardelle with veal and pork sugo... ..more than legally acceptable amount of 
Day off means red heels ... 
Making orange and clove pomanders with my girls. 
Making Myers+Chang at Home recipes for 
So yummmmm!! 
Thanks so much to all of you who wrote such lovely things about how much my dad still means to you and how he influenced you 
Ahhhhh! I’m loving this Lovefest!!! 
, you just made me cry after asking 
 Yummy Yummy 
Trust me, I never thought I’d meet the 
My own 
TODAY IS THE DAY. UNQUALIFIED IS OUT!!!!! Please run to your local bookstore or buy online now! 
Coming to our open day? Why not explore the city whilst you’re here, and find out what makes 
NEW in store - @essyandbella Gin Fizz and Rose Bellini 
Little things in our eyes can be seen as big things in others. Let’s be kind 
Awesome singing on my telly Notts Kids! How amazing does the Binns Organ look too 
“it looks likes she is just getting started on her mission to enrich the reading world.” 
A huge thanks to 
Great win. Good to get back in the squad and keeping clean sheet too. Onto Tuesday 
Little Bradley has sadly passed away. Let's remember that amazing smile, and how much he meant to everybody. 
Proud and honoured to be apart of this 
Garys a sensitive soul who appreciates his home comforts. Our Gary doesn't want nowt fancy, just a quiet home where he can go on gentle walks and rest on a comfy bed.
In return Gary will listen to your stories, agree with everything u say and love you everyday with his whole 
we did it !!! BEST PIZZA IN ENGLAND 2017 !!!!
Messages like this mean the world when they come from people like you too. Proud to call you both friends 
Loads of love right back at you big man 
Love bro
Today’s game against 
Good 
Damn this battle in 
First despatch received from my Dad, who is currently stomping around Nepal, as you do
Come down tonight to see me and Rhianne play at 
Here again to change the world
So many thanks to 
How can we ever thank our 3 fabulous sponsors enough! Tickets available 
A big thank you to all the females out there who are playing the game 
It’s these moments that make 
M1 looking for 3rd win on the bounce as they travel to 
Despite receiving the new 
Well done Nat Wray 
M1 leap up to 2nd after a 6-4 win 
He’s back in Red & Black -  
Pupils really enjoyed meeting and watching them train ahead of their game Friday. Glad you liked the paintings 
I found the moose 
High Force Waterfall 
Our gorgeous
Love this!! 
Is Durham your favourite English destination? It's certainly top of our list 
Love is in the air 
The heartwarming moment our Customer Experience Team - Amy, Emma & Lorna - received handmade 
Fast asleep and quite unaware that it has just become one of 1497 pups counted on the Farnes so far this year. 
Thanks for all the birthday 
happyyy birthday to my fav 
Wow! Thankyou 
Thinking of those who don't have a Dad on Fathers Day 
praying for you 
You have our support, 
 premiere!! so grateful and so excited to share this with you. 
Thanks for having us! We 
Loving life 
I miss my favorite place already 
Congrats Lys! Ball State is lucky to have ya
Wow it’s amazing how much 
 2 great men right here. Kitty & Bert!  Congrats 
Tessa!!
AUDITION DAY HAS COME! Haven't signed up for a time slot? No biggie! Just come to Swope today b/w 10am & 6pm. We can't wait to meet you!
Lonny Kubas of 
Today is our last 1on1 mentor session of the spring batch17 in company of our awesome mentors & teams. A big thanks for all your support! 
Proud to work for this organization
My most favorite partner ever, 
A whole lot of 
Been smiling like this all day
The winners of the 2017 Bowlin Bowl goes to the Freshmen! 
Happy Thanksgiving! This year I’m especially thankful for my Red Team, that became my family away from my family.
Happy Birthday to our fearless leader 
ONCE A HUSKER ALWAYS A HUSKER!!

There is no place like Nebraska
 at Jackson State University 
I will always remember this powerful 
Scenes from 30 incredible years with 
I'm extremely proud of my brother 
baby bro
Thanks kid
Good look tonight Peanut. Take advantage of every opportunity. You really deserve this 
Thank you Peanut. I love you too 
Got 'em and happy to give back to 
 thank you for stopping by with so much 
Thank you again for watching with us last night!  
I'll be hear watching 
"I love you, too." 
Congrats to the stunning 
Support my 
’s journey is just one example of the important work being done here at 
In Red & Blue, we thank you! 
Susan, thank you for advancing undergraduate education here at 
My lil nieces 
Uptown Gladys bar my Blood my aunties pam and tammy my 
Me and mines
"There are a lot of things I don't know how to explain. About me. About why I'm here." 
I miss you, our deep conversations, and dance parties so much! 
Happy 4th 
 Today, 110 years ago, 
Pls RT! Come and join me live on 
I hope all of you are having a relaxing Sunday.  
Aww, thank you so much 
Awwwwww 
Hearts are warming up all over town 
“The soul is healed by being with children.” -Fyodor Dostoyevsky 
Switched for Christmas starts NOW! 
For those asking, my jogger suit on the 
Elation. (And shock) 
HOME FREE (for Peter Joe) has been nominated for TWO GRAMMY AWARDS!

Grandpa D is the cutest 
here you go, my beloved Canadian friends! 
It's damp n chilly isn't it? We're collecting warm things for those on the cold streets this winter. Add to 
Some of our Toronto office staff are heading out to 
Happening until 8pm tonight: 15% of proceeds to 
Here's a snippet from the 
Very chuffed to be part of this magic!
Get it watched. Get it shared. Get it bought.
Peace. 

From our family to yours, we are truly grateful for the opportunity to serve you. We wish you a healthy and happy Thanksgiving. 
They're all winners!! 
What a week this is for 
Phew, just made it before midnight! 
Show some 
He is jealous for me 
Southampton! 
Juju, Chloe and Mr Sweets are just 3 of our gorgeous cats looking for new homes
Here are 4 of our cats looking for new homes. They are all microchipped, vaccinated and neutered
 
Here are two of our dogs currently in rescue
Right then, we’ve seen 6c 
PICS: Moriarty with Wales and Lions


 is a cracking time of year to let your loved ones know you're thinking of them, so stock(ing) up on the festive cards from 
Happy birthday to my little mumma miss you more then ever 
Half way through putting her tree up.. 
Mummy & daughter night 
Lovely night last night 
We thought we were sooo cute!! Happy birthday my Diva Devolle. Love you 
Our location from last night!! 
2 years ago I left this stood on the ice, 2 years later I found her on the ice again, but now she is a beautiful mommy! 
It's true! 
Eating should be fun, not hard work! Ever wondered why diets don't work?
My beautiful boy Scooby who passed in May and me. Our official SIMS4 Cats and Dogs video game characters. I get to cuddle him AND kiss him all day and night in the game 
Daphne getting lots of cuddles from Daddy 
This photo speaks for itself. All we need right here....Innocence of babies and fur babies 
Our dog of the week looking for his forever home 
After 21 years, I am going to be a Daddy again to another beautiful little girl. due in March 2018 and I can’t wait to hold her 
Our boy Duke has made his first magazine appearance in Septembers issue of glossy mag SUSSEX LIFE! What a handsome lad 
on our way to bruges 
 
Happy birthday Daniel, so much love on your special day. I love you. 
It's a brownie mountain! Made in-house with extra love 
LADIES TEAM NEWS

MENACE 5 vs 1 BALDON SPORTS
#
Happy birthday to my gal 
Titanic is one of thee best films 
Good leaving present from 
Lovely to be included in this list 
Coming to 
TICKETS NOW AVAILABLE FOR OUR FIRST HEADINE TOUR!! 
Two of my favourite chefs will be rocking it tonight. Lucky 
Today we’re celebrating the courageous women defending 
Wreaths galore! This little beauty made for 
A massive S/O to the 
Made with 
Fascinating German research paper that concludes, “Hence, dancing constitutes a promising candidate in counteracting the age-related decline in physical and mental abilities.” We 
Sounds wonderful! Enjoy! Look forward to hearing all about it and getting some tips 
Not naming names, but our two members aged 70+ are an inspiration with their beautiful dancing, youthful looks and attitudes. Always struck by how lucky we are to do this! 
U.K. and Ireland, thank u for a beautiful tour, they were some really special shows and my heart blooms for everyone who shared the experience. Onwards and upwards! 
The little lads are bringing White Noise to the 
Such a dream to announce this. Parables is out today. Buy it, stream it, like it -> 
Such a treat for you coming up at 1.15 its our 
This is why we 
I just couldn’t feel more grateful for the people in my life right now! I truly have been blessed with some wonderful friends 
Shout out to our amazing dancers 
Feeling so festive after visiting the 
For Her and For Him - the 12 Day Advent Calendars are now available! 
Love love love 
Gotta love a bit of Britney 
We’re reminiscing about our best tour moments with GA. Send us your favorite tour videos 
Yessss Australia step into 2017.. 
Just saw last nights Xf !! Rak-suuuuuuuuuuu 
Great minds think alike | Congratulations @volvocarsglobal for an awesome launch | Sharing is caring 
Congratulations on reaching your target on 
"Women of Ireland, I think it's obvious that I 
Thank you to Annex Gallery in Eglinton for the fab job they made of our framed Danny's Run running vest & group photo. Doesn't it look great?!What a lovely memory for Danny in the office & reminder of all the team achieved in their HalfMarathon for 
HAPPY 10th BIRTHDAY to the amazing 
Went to see the 
What a classic! We love Ray Charles' performance of "Georgia On My Mind." RT if you 
Tap the 
True 
Well done my little boy 
Best X Factor for a number of years. Love LOVE LOVE 
So tomorrow me and 
Happy birthday Ollie! You're a lil legend. 
An absolute belter of a 
Watching debate tonight and am inspired to see 3 strong women on stage. Each one 
Can't stop listening to Blue Maqams. Thanks 
Our staff were loving having 
The city is ours. 
Lovely stroll home tonight through 
Louise's new nails! Love these! 
 was such an incredibly moving experience.  Thank you so much 
And then 
Happy Birthday Tina Turner 
NYC. I'ma home! 
Lucia Macari, Software Engineer finds that 
Lovely to wake up to award nomination for 
I am EXCITED 
MY PEOPLE 
And let's not forget the people who are simply awesome... Happy 
Yoopers, Trolls, and All... Happy 
Hey, how about Friday, November 4th 
Thank you. You will all be in my thoughts. 
 chat on Facebook at 6pm tomorrow .. spread the word and see you all ..!!! 
 tomorrow 

 
This is why we love what we do 

The bed looks delicious.. I’m gonna sleep like a baby tonight 
 coming soon

They mean business ..!!! We mean Love ...
This Is How Real Men Shoot Animals 
Big shout out to all our supporters who donated yesterday! We are so inspired by your generosity. Thank you! 
We made you a lil’ something. 
Much 
Finally visited the amazing apt in ViaPalermo styled by Studiopepe 
Even if I'm not online as much right now I still see everything. Kim stans vs Khloé stans beefing?? Why? We are sisters, Kim and I are each other's biggest fan! Stop bullying one another! ANY sister love is love! Kim and I are honored to be supported by one let alone many 
‘Tis the season to shop Good American IRL!! Meet us at the 
 is out NOW ahhh go cop it
NYC with 
Today in my new 
In Guangzhou with my honey 
Solid friendship right here 
New Tut! Bombshell hair tutorial 
Awh these beautiful souls came and saw me last night 
Don't cover your face 
so much love to you beautiful 
Happy Thanksgiving my loves 
Soooo Grateful for my 
My favorite 
THANK YOU!! 
Big up 
I love it 
The color of the season 
Ladies in red 
The 
Once I become mom I will donate my milk too 
Thank you! And I’m so happy your milk came in and that your little boy is doing great!!! 
Now that Brie's a mama, she's finding new ways to help women in need. 
Wow time has gone by so fast, so proud of you ky,congrats! 
Love our team. 
THANK YOU BAY AREA! I love you 
OAKLAND! See you tonight 
Tix still avail for tonight 
That’s a wrap on dogdaysthefilm!  Big 
Michelle Shopper, BeeDog Charm, & Izzy Tote 
Rhylee Passfield spent 50 hours making this 
baseck 2084 trash can percussion just released for 
Loving this stunning Rey art by 
"I am vengeance. I am night. I AM BATPUG!" 
Thank you for sharing, 
What was your favorite release of November?! 
BEST BIRTHDAY EVER 
2017 has been our best year since first forming Axwell Λ Ingrosso in 2014 - thank you all and see you soon 
v v cool 
Thank u backstage and Gothenburg for last weekend 
Look at that! Edmonton you were nice tn. Thx 
LOL nothing but 
Thank you for supporting 
Wow, thanks for the kind words 
Will you come and RESCUE ME! 
wish i could be in new zealand to hug mother witch stevie 
also, a massive thank u to these gorgeous teen powerhouses from the Aorere College choir - have been a fan since i was at school & knew they would beautifully anchor this hometown performance of GL 
I 
D&B Gang, get involved...

I 
The ppl in Scotland are one of a kind... THANK YOU 
The ppl in Scotland are one of a kind .. THANK YOU 
All I can say, is that it felt very real as we all ran from soho this afternoon thinking that there was some sort of attack. Think we all need to take a breath and hug a loved one. 
Top babe on repeat 
Winter reminders. Love this. 
The fountains are red at Barker’s Pool for 
It’s coming ...
What a beauty from 
If you enjoyed my track Live A Little on 
Such a happy, melodious track! 
Awesome track 
HARDSTYLE 
Our Saturday 
At just before 6am today after an eventful evening, I became a grandma 
Proud to be part of the Scantraxx : 15 years of Hardstyle (Documentary) 
HEY YOU... we love you 
Real talk, two small things that anyone can do to help our planet :

1. Stop eating beef 
2. Re-use your grocery bags 


Woah! 
Debuted by 
New Sunday video!! "Why Happy People Cheat" (feat. 
A very special episode of my favorite 
We surprised SMU students with tickets to our show last night to launch Bumble Beats 
Please vote for us! 
You guys have a special place in my heart.. 
Throw back to 
Brazilian producer 
Ready for the Organic Trance ?
featuring La P'tite Fumée 
I'm so proud to release my new track "Take It" and shoutout to 
2 
Thanks Cream happy 25th Anniversary 
Gold memories from the great INNERCITY of 2001 in Amsterdam 
Turntables only 
Completely lost in a wee moment mate. Such a special night 
Yesterday night 
Sunday Funday 
'Love Vibe' by 
We have the best fans 
Happy Thankgiving everyone ! From our second home : 
Sending all the love to the 
Show us some 
Thank you Cream 
Thx to 
I love u 
  always a legend!
We wish everyone in 
Ayo! 
Master Poasum is holdin my vibrator and watchin Home Alone.
Love talking to my fans 
 is out now!!! Thank you for all your support! Love y‘all! 
 - 
new music video on Monday. so excited to show you. 
 thank u
Liftoff!  
Finally 
Do you 
The GIA WARNER BAND 
Love 
Thank you for coming to seeee meeee
SO CUTE love u too 
SHOUTOUT TO 
Yeah!! Hear me!! Thank you 
This is unacceptable. I’m gonna leave two tickets under your name at willcall for tonight!!! Hope you can make it!!!
This has to be my favourite as this is what the evening was about remembering Nick and all those who sadly lost their lives in such an unnecessary way 
Was an absolutely amazing night so glad to be a part of it 
Love you endlessly!! 
Happy Thanksgiving! We are grateful for 
Smoked Ancho Peppers are the 
 brought to you today by the unbelievably good 
So amazing!!! Thank you, fans, for this! I so wanted to go to the 
Just saw 
 amazing pics x x x
it’s never too early for christmas music especially if 
Beauty routine taking time away from your beauty sleep? Check this out: 
RT if you 
Follow please follow my amazing Bruins! Great students and athletes! 
Take me home tonight. 
 u go I go
I’m gonna love you forever. Forever and Evans, Amen. 
Ringing for 
I get to marry the girl of my dreams! God is truly amazing! Couldn’t ask for a better partner to go through life with 
Got my grandpa baby a wagon
My good friend just released his movie "Almost Amazing". It's out on iTunes! So proud of you 
If it's something the French don't lack it's hospitality. 
The relationship with 
Look who I met & she made my day. She's so adorable & sweet.It was such a pleasure meeting you 
YASSS QUEENS! My face when I realize 
Gotta 
My favorite!!!! 
My girl crush opened a popup shop in Soho. 
These two 
Tonight was surreal: I had tears in my eyes, hugged strangers beside me, and looked up to thank God for that moment... one of many to come, my love 
Cocktail hour 
Thanks for making my 21st special 
Seeing 
"I hope I saved his life but if he'd jumped I don't know if I could have lived with myself" 

Walter Williams, you are a true hero 
A turkeyless Thanksgiving, hugging cows, piggy dreams and more at the most magical place on earth 
HONESTLY KNOW PPL Will 
Back on stage with my favorite, the legend 
While waiting 4 big change let’s ensure concert goers feel free 2 scream & dance along w t music that moves them 
A message from 
All the feels! 
Bubba looking so handsome 
MY BOYFRIEND IS LEAVING ME! 

RT for SOME LOVE 
Boys basketball starts TONIGHT! Cavs play at 7:15 in the Thanksgiving tourney at home! THEME: JERSEY NIGHT (nba, nhl, mlb, nfl, etc) 
Fall season is wrapping up! I encourage all of you to participate in a winter sport or activity. Get involved! 
Love my job! So grateful...Thanks for keepin me laughin all day 
God bless all of the incredible men and women who have fought for our country. We love you. Happy Veterans Day. 
THE queen is back. Life is complete now w/ a new record from our hero. 
Watching last season's 
Miggy and Travis are at kyles wedding 
SECTIONAL CHAMPIONSHIP tonight @ 6 in Galesburg v. Limestone. Theme is red and green! GOOD LUCK LADIES 
They say it's 
Happy birthday to the best daddy in the world!!! I love u daddy!!! 
EVERYONE PLEASE 
Call us Tonight! Let's help each other. 
sooo excited to be a redbird next year w the rest of these talented baby birds!!
Happy birthday hannahdog!!! Ilysm and hope you have the best day
To all my educator friends who have yet to read 
it's been a hell of a ride. glad i got to do it with you 
I love 
 Public schools need our support more than ever. You can actually bring a classroom dream to life on 
2017 STATE CHAMPIONS
When we throw a Block Party it happens with 
Oh look, 
He has so much more wisdom to share. 
These CEO’s have had unconventional starts! 
SheEO Ventures and Activators at the national 
Wishing my sister 
 more great photos on the 
When your best friend cries, you stand beside him...and cry too. pamelabjohnson… 
HORNBILL MUSIC FESTIVAL 2017! 
TOOO EXCITED FOR THIS 
SO EXCITED TO ANNOUNCE THIS! CATCH ME LIVE AT HORNBILL INTERNATIONAL MUSIC FESTIVAL 2017 IN NAGALAND! Too excited for this! 
 last weekend 
AND I LOVE YOU 
Stop making me all nostalgic guizzzz :’)) 
YAS DO THIS SIDDLES!!!!! Win it! 
Who said Wildebeest is known for just red meat? Find Captain Larry’s locally-caught Pacific Ocean perch in the 
Awwww 
We jus 
There’s nothing better than a homemade gift! 
Great read 
It was a great evening of great music&shooting for Royal Stag Barrel Select Mtv Unplugged with you Bapi
A Garden of Flowers 
Sea,sand and a beautiful sunset..
“because there’s nothing more beautiful than the way the ocean refuses to stop hitting the shoreline,no matter how many times it’s sent away..” 
When you meet one of your FAVOURITE musicians,it’s time to freeze the moment 
It was incredible meeting Kygo last night! Great to hang out with him and discuss music backstage before he preformed live in Mumbai. 
Mumbai - Chandigarh - Haveli (Jalandhar) - Ludhiana..

Beachy evenings in Goa be like 
Hottest day celebrating L & A at The View on Lonsdale 
Omg I want to kiss Chloe’s wrinkly face she is so cute! 
It's not even Halloween and look at the pumpkins we have! Thanks to many many people for picking these up for us
Can’t wait to see you all here dressed up in your plaid! 
nbd, just 
Beautiful but cold morning for a photo shoot with the talented 
Thank you to everyone who brought wish list items today! It is very much appreciated! 
You still have some time to come down to 
Thank you DIRTT! We are so grateful to you for this and will absolutely put this room to good use! 
We LOVe our Alumni. They make us proud! Reading for James. 
Specials thanks to 
The barren winter landscape is so beautiful 
No matter what you do, how busy you are, always try to make some time to see the beauty around you. It gives perspective! 
Making some hits tonight 
Be patient with yourself 
Lost my 
BE A BELIEVER, IT'S WORTH IT, SIS 
A little Aloha Ice for breakfast. We 
Hey Chloe 
Thanks for 
Share the Impossible M Burger love 
She’s one of our sexiest vegan celebs of 2017 & a fierce defender of animals 
Another reason why mutts are amazing? Each one has their own unique personality & look 
 will light its spire red tonight for this year's 
Thank you to everyone who works in, visits, and continues to photograph 
Shimla offers wonderful holiday experience full of adventure, romance and complete inner relaxation
Savoy Resort welcomes all newlyweds to one of the most quite,discreet and romantic hotels in Seychelles
BRUH WHEN 
When i came home from my last Lil jail bid, soon as i hopped off the sprinter some lil girl ran up to me cryin lol 
Blessed to have met all the guys 
Favourite Birmingham trees in 
I understand why people are disappointed that 
So proud of how far these guys have come. From two guys on a deck to now touring with their whole live band! Kudos 
I am super proud to release my first EP with 100% proper Manse Progressive House - LINK is in the BIO 
So here's my new track called BABBLING.
I hope you get nostalgic about your childhood days while listening to this track 
An epic Sunday brunch is what we'd call this! P.S. we don't share chips, hit 
Coco the cutie cocochanel_thelabradoodle 
For the 
Giving thanks for so many things - including these two gems, who brought me into this world. Happy Thanksgiving from my family to yours 
Thank you for the love 
Much love to 
We all miss you bro 
From publishing, to recordings, to neighbouring rights — we couldn't be prouder of all our incredible Kobalt clients with nominations at the 60th annual 
My little brother is the funniest person I know, and I could not fathom a life without him....so please REGISTER & RETWEET, his donor may be on your timeline!!!
My rock... 
...!! 
Family Time
I couldn’t have had more fun or enjoyed a more interesting talk than the great time I had with Geena Davis for this 
It was such a huge honor to be in conversation with my hero 
Three test matches. Three different challenges and three wins. Shout out to 
RIP Charles Bradley, what a soul and what a voice. We lost you too soon 
A big thanks and much love to our amazing artists 
We proudly re-open our doors this Monday lunchtime from midday. 
Had the best early birthday celebrations last night w/ 
Watching the sunrise over this beautiful city is still my favourite thing to do 
Hey, We will definitely be open but just still trying to sort out the day and times ect but will deffo let you know 
Thanks a mill 
We are so honoured to a part of the release of the incredibly important film 
Music was made for love, cruising was made for love 
From new beat to post punk, from Italo disco to Chicago jack tracks, this is my story as best I can tell it. I want to thank all the readers, listeners, dancers and of course the staff of 
Excited for 
I'm actually in love with Giovanni after that 
Thanks to everyone for sharing about the puppy who went missing on Friday - great news!! A very wet Murphy has managed home to find his own way home this morning !!!!! 
One month and a bit! 
Instead of donating to charity ive bought things from a charity shop and im at a church christmas market its for a worthy cause so will that count for day 2 
This is perhaps my favourite interview (and interviewer!) yet. Thank you! 
Check out this video of my Journey to India with 
Who else feels like this year has come around so fast?! My 2018 calendar is available now!! Love the team who worked on this shoot so much 
With the night ambulance as they treat the most vulnerable and at risk on the streets of Kolkata. This little one gave the best cuddles 
Unbelievable. 
So many thanks to 
THANK YOU! A massive £23,000 raised for 
i am very sad that i can’t come to the rest of the tour but also very sweaty and VERY happy 
This little beaut was on the counter today 
I always have a good night when my boys are there
Had a fantastic time at the 
I hope you enjoy Hearsay30 as much as I did making it for you all. 
I am as excited about this album as I was first time round 30 years ago.


Certified chicken burger 
Thank you guys 
Thank you Porgie 
Order a signed copy of Hearsay30 on CD at 
This was Adelaide a few years ago & im boarding a flight there right now...I CANNOT WAIT! Adelaide you thing of beauty! 
I Love Aus 
Stunning 
We are over the moon! Today’s Simulation of the UN Disarmament Council was amazing! Thank you everyone who came and took part 
Happy 50th birthday to 
Come to the union tomorrow at 11am to help us support LGBT+ and migrant rights 
Sian catching up with Betty on old times in 
Just discovered 
Just some Sunday thoughts. 
This experience will live with me forever,i want to say a huge thankyou to every single person who has been behind us and got us this far!
Really enjoyed our dance 
SHOUT-OUT to the incomparable Andrea Romano for no particular reason other than believing I was the unhinged lunatic they were looking for & giving me a whole new second career! 
SHOUT-OUT to 
What a devoted 
My friend who is in agony with depression finds Christmas very tough. “Everyone is in great form.” Many people suffer in silence. Be kind 
Competition Time! We have 2 tickets up for grabs for 
 this so much - tears in my eyes! It's adorable.  If you haven't seen it yet 
Evie is so lucky to have her Great Grandma and Grandad and both sets of Grandparents who love her to bits. Such an amazing feeling for us as parents to see Evie with them all and how how she makes them. 
What a smile 
Goodnight kisses for her big brothers  
MASSIVE GOOD LUCK to the local hero 
Looking good 
And they're off! 
So happy to have performed on home soil! Thanks so much to every single person for the support. It's truly does means the world to me ! 
The celebrity dating agency is opening its doors once more with the warm welcome of 
Watch this
Thank you to Skylark Learning for sharing in our mantra 
Giving someone the gift of a child is wonderful! 
Victorian Christmas! Carol singing, accordion playing, stories on a canal barge, steam engine, mince pies, fresh popcorn, Burleigh pottery, mulled wine, play with clay, late night shopping, festive lights, bonnets & baskets. Only at 
Love this snap, so magic to see you all :-) 
I’m literally obsessed with everyone in this picture. The sisterhood is strong y’all 
Break a Leg and have a f-ABBA-lous time! 
We are thrilled to hear you enjoyed the show Claire! 
Great to see such support for 
I am so grateful for these amazing people and everything they have taught me over the past three years! Thankyou for making my school show life so so special 
Well what can I say? This show has been amazing I have met so many amazing people, it’s been a memory I will never forgot, excited for nexts years production by 
Great performance from the lads tonight, buzzing with the clean sheet! Delighted for @NathanHolland45 making his debut!! 
Love justice enough to ignite action. 
Finishing off this first European tour tonight in Germany. 
We have felt so loved by all of you at these shows. Thank you for such a warm welcome. We cannot wait to come back. 
London last night. Literally falling for you. Thank you for being so kind to us. 
Now for our first headliner in your city. Sold out. 
Our Pride Place Committee,  Volunteers & Stoneybatter Festival featured in this w'ends 
Ahhhh 
Just 
Just something about this place. 
Congrats bhenji mine
A sequel to Monsoon Wedding coming up in the form of a stage musical
 wat ya think of hiring us as 
MHCBE Central Office is taking donations for the 
Such a beautiful morning at Hillside Cemetery remembering and honouring our country's veterans 
3 MOBO’s, love you all, thank you 
Each coffee cup has a story to tell. What's yours? We 
Only two more days till this 
 from 
 Dr. Dan Domenech welcomes NE
Nothing is quite as beautiful as the sound of children’s voices 
Right back 'atcha! See you on the 8th. 
We LOVE our JoanieMac! 
So deserving of this 
Our JoanieMac 
 but upset my young Native sons had 2 see dancers in headresses playing Indian 
10 Years of Livin' Proof. 10 Year Market Place Reunion. So many friends and fam. 
Such excitement here this evening with our very own “Wish Giver” from 
Riversfield Organic local & beautiful! We love these 
My family, my life, my loves 
If you haven’t seen movie 
Hi hello yes my name is Nic Hamilton and I would like to make a PSA.


I had so much fun in Denver! 
Love to 
SF. Once again 
Dad's home 
YES!! Can't wait!! 
Wonderful voices - brilliant Christmas choices 
What an honour to be sharing this list. All on my 'to be read' for Christmas...
ROAD TRIP! 
Ok i fucking love this and i fucking love you both 
It really has been such a long rollercoaster year and i’ve over come so many obstacles and At the moment i just couldn’t be happier 
What a beautiful article 
Unfortunately today was not the day for our story to be heard. Due to breaking news our story was cut off live tv. The royal wedding will go ahead however mental health issues will always remain 
Ahead of 
Another amazing adventure with our stunning 
Been DYING to see 
.  Listen in from 2:52:49 to hear an extract from ‘Blossoms in bloom are also falling blossoms’, commissioned through 
thank you!! 
Brand new music for you.. 
Checkout the latest 
Thanks to those of you who are still using the 
Carnegie Hall, Dunfermline, Scotland. Macbeth doth come.

Back on a beautiful stage with a beautiful cast. Home Sweet Home 
  I 
The Daily - I 
Never Say Die Volume 5 is SO FUCKING GOOD. Jesus Christ. 
Have you heard of No More Taboo? 
When your LP is next to 
Group three loveeee 
Sunday's are for 
I CANNOT RETWEET THIS ENOUGH 
So much fun being back at 
 waited my whole life for tonight!! So excited to see you perform. The UK has missed you 
my parents on the phone after they made me 
Your new black boot 
better advice: make yourself useful to those whose company you seek, practice more than you think you have to, compare yourself to no one, be kind to everyone, own it when you aren’t, forgive yourself when you fail, don’t bask when you win, commit fully and expect nothing 
I’m 16 subs away from 100 on my YouTube channel and would be so grateful if you could subscribe! 
Looks like we’ll be hosting our blogger chat this Sunday! 7PM 
Y’all! Thank you so much for the overwhelming love and support on my birthday! This was sure one for the books! 
thank you to everyone who has bought or streamed i miss you so far 
Ahh, thank you so much 
 is right: you're honest and authentic and it will take you far. We 
Aw thanks love 
heyyyyyy im teaching a fly online poetry workshop with 
I’m raising $600 for 
 @BNTMOlivia for 
 this .....
 this story shot by andrewyeephoto for 
Words can’t express how much I enjoyed signing w/ 
Your writing arrived all at once as if a space was already ready for it, waiting for it a basket, in my heart. 
All aboard "The Christmas Train"! See it today at 4/3c on 
All aboard! "The Christmas Train" arrives again tonight at 8/7c on 
Missed the Hallmark Hall of Fame premiere of "The Christmas Train"? See it on 11/28 at 6PM, 11/30 at 8PM & 12/2 at 4PM on 
Terrific cast, beautiful film. Hats off to 
I'm rooting for Eleanor and Tom! Christmas is a time for miracles. 
I've been asked why a book set at Christmas on a train? Because Christmas is the season of new beginnings and second chances. 
There is indeed something about a train. You step back, slow down and actually see the country. The journey is often as important as the destination. 
If you loved the song you just heard - "The Christmas Train" (written and performed by Dermot Mulroney) - look for it on 
I once took this same train trip enroute to a speaking gig in California. Came home inspired to write the book! Hope you're enjoying the story! 
All aboard "The Christmas Train," leaving the station in less than 10 minutes. Grab your popcorn, gather your family and get ready for a magical movie. 8/7c on 
Tonight's the night! The magic begins at 8/7c on 
Thrilled, amazed and honored to be on this 
Yes I HAVE!!
SUPER CHIC double french by WAH girl Kadimah 
RED ON RED foils!! The perfect look for the party season by WAH girl Izzy 
 to this pretty shot of 
Another beauty shot of the lovely 
On set for 
What an amazing and inspiring group of women to spend the morning with!
 to a great night with 
Great piperheidsieckaus lunch with my 
Blessed to be part of all the love at 
Bundle up with holiday cheer and WashU pride! Check out our winter lookbook of WashU styles that will keep you cozy this winter. 
I know y'all meant Mackinac. Confusing because its Mackinaw City, but Straits of Mackinac and Mackinac Island. 
Louisiana → do you know a tireless volunteer? Nominate him or her for the 
Thanks so much to all of you who wrote such lovely things about how much my dad still means to you and how he influenced you 
Show & Tell 
“Not enough failure talk” +1 We have 500k PDFs in our regression corpus for 
Perseverance "Unending effort to succeeds and overcome overwhelming opposition". 
 I am thankful for the awesome staff and amazing friends I have made at this wonderful campus 
Freshmen donning the red and green for the 1st time 
150+ teammates, relatives, alumni, friends braved the cold, wind, & rain this weekend to cheer on the Bears
Collect LoveCoins for every act of goodness you do on 
 this! Families of 
What an awesome turnout of former 
part 2 - Whatever He calls you to, you can be sure, if you follow Him you will be filled with Joy, you will help others, and it will be the best.  Let no fear stand in the way of His voice. Following that Voice will give you the best life ever.
Living your life open handed to God is wild. You never know what he has for you. But you ALWAYS know you’ll have the grace for whatever it is. If God calls you to live in a hut in poverty you will be happier than a mansion in luxury.
Omg finally, so happy! 
We've arrived in Costa Rica!  1st thing on agenda is service project w/underprivileged children in San Jose. 
How cute are they?! My people 
Thanks for all the support guys! It made my heart so happy to check my phone after the game and see all the love! A dream come true! 
Watch what happens when this big brother spots his little sister after getting off the school bus. It's priceless 
We are 
This guy...
5.19.17 my sins were washed away and I was made clean by Our Savior. God is so so so good!!!!!
The RoughRiders helped tidy up 
Spread a little kindness today 
It was a honor to clean over 1000 headstones at the Dallas-Fort Worth National Cemetery. We 
I would love to thank all of the staff at the 
Yes Zac!! Love this 
YAY! So glad you're watching. AND you have a whole new season to enjoy too! Hope you enjoy as much as I love KUWTK. BIBLE. Okrrrrrr
Yes!!! 
I love it Thankyou 
I think this is great! Thankyou so much 
Loved meeting you too!
Wow Thankyou 
Today we had the awesome opportunity to give back to the community and volunteer with Salvation Army! We packed food boxes that would then be handed out to families in need during the holidays 
proud and excited 
thank you jp!!
thanks bro, preciate that a lot
love and miss you callie!!
I LOVE YOU MEL
love you JP((: 
If we had to describe love at first sight, we would reference these mules 
I see you 
Day MADE. Let it be known: will bartend for thank you notes. Thank you, kellie_thorn! 
Happy birthday alexa 
s/o to my amazing photographer/best friend 
you're too sweet
Happy 18 to the best friend I'll ever have 
If I get 100 retweets, will 
Congrats to my best friend on getting 1000 points today 
Wow better watch out, dara is coming for the ACC
We are so excited about the launch of Disney Tsum Tsum Pet Toys at PetSmart! Now you can share the magic of Disney with your pups 
“Your Dirty Diana was a THRILLER in the office and we just can’t BEAT IT.” Thanks for the LOLs and the 
Love a good 
We're proud to sponsor 
So happy to see a mixed race princess to be 
You're so welcome ladies! Love y'all and ball out this year too! 
Incredibly pleased with 
The beautiful 
That’s love 
Thank you Coach 
I see you sis 
This was the set we played in 2014, the first time we played together as Anika's backing band, after that, we mutated into Exploded View and now, three years later we will play Anika's tunes again at 
My fathers reaction to seeing my sister in her wedding dress was PRICELESS 
holy shit I'm opening up for 
18 days 
My 18 year old brother is trying to make it as an artist; here’s some of his work, twitter do your thing
As if we didn’t have already have a million reasons why we 
Mason was born 21 years ago today and oh, the world has never been the same.  HBD, Mason! 
Everybody please go out and support this amazing man! 
As ambassadors for 
I love the 
Guess what?! Thank you 
Thank you for having me on the 
Thank you to my amazing glam squad 
I'm on the 
Woah!! Never expected it to be up there with the pop stars! Thank you for buying it guys, only been out 3 days. Bloody love u lot 
Hope you all enjoyed my 
Happy Thanksgiving! Be thankful. Be kind. Be light. Be love. 
Meet Neo, a high content wolfdog who 
 ...Pretty sure this is the First (partial) Cast Selfie ever taken on The Punisher. From our ‘get to you know’ Italian dinner in Long Island City before we filmed a frame, thrown by our good friends at Marvel & Netflix. 
This is how she makes me feel
Most wonderful time, indeed!! 
NEWS we think Rosie is very near 
Loving life... ‘from the top of my lungs’! 
Hey, buddies. It’s been a month. Good to see you again! Been weird without you... 
Moments like this 


Tonight’s Item of the Game for Pride Night!
HIGHER FURTHER FASTER MORE 
All of us at Smuin wish you a warm and wonderful Thanksgiving! 
We’re so thankful for you!
P
Christmas Musical Spirit 
I am an auntie again! Cindy and Alex just gave birth to a healthy baby boy. 
Koalas and vegemite!! 
We were on TV -- Channel 11 
KTVA - CBS affiliate !!!

Happy Thankgiving from our family to yours!!!! Thank you to all our loyal customers for your continued support! 
No words 
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our South Davis Families! We are thankful for each one of you 
Massive well done to all the 3rd years! I watched both shows of Animus today & was completely blown away both times
 In the RSPCA’s animal welfare education courses run in China and elsewhere teachers ask, how can we teach kindness, empathy without taking live animals into the classroom - this ad is a brilliant example of the power of imagination to bring out human caring 
An amazing evening - well done London 
Rockstar in the audience!@PuddlesPityP 
Oh hey there 
Just watched 
A moment of compassion and sweetness for a cow who otherwise won't experience much in today's industrial dairy industry. Please RT. 
 bni awards with my husband 
Where's my prince charming? Hoping he's out there... 
In the future...I want to be come a Dilys 
Yaaaaay Touch Trust have been recognised! 
 Question of Day:
Who's hotter? Nick(L) or Joe(R) Jonas?
.

 Join us on this closing day at 
My baby girl is 17 today! Thank you for being the sweetest daughter and the most wonderful friend. Happy bday! I 
Popular UK teen 
You know it's real love when your bestie offers their phone charger for the night and sacrifices their own charge for you
Beautiful, creative celebration day at 
Humility, Grace, Integrity and Leadership... I remember. 
Have a nice Sunday ! 
Cute Neko Sweater from 
Sad to say goodbe to 
Our annual remembrance service is tomorrow and is a chance for all our local families to come together and remember...

We love 
Love this list of fab family apps - thanks for including Hoop 
Planning the perfect Father's Day day out? We've got you covered 
 Hoop faves 
It's still not too late to give
That warm feeling when Our Mand phones to tell you about veggie St Stephen’s Day menu for you and 
A very moving celebration of the brilliant life of the amazing Antonia Watson this afternoon. Thank you to 
In loving memory of 
Family are the people who accept you for who you are & support you no matter what. 
Here's what I think: books and movies are different creatures. Both can live on their own merits. Both can be loved. I 
So much fun presenting at JingleBall last night with my lovely co-star 
Today we remember all those lost in the Ghost Ship fire. Here’s a gathering of links to work by some of the victims (and survivors), compiled last year by 
Awww
Developing partnerships&happy to meet 
Can't wait to see 
i love you 
I Honestly Can't Wait For The 
BARTENDERS WANTED

Looking for friendly, passionate people to join our hard working troop.
MK is all about great beer&independent breweries. If you 
I support the American Red Cross 
Poppy made me a lovely 
A smile is the best accessory you can ever wear 
Happy first birthday to my lovely little niece! Love you lots and Lots. Been through so much already

 amazing showing of the snowman the live orchestra were beautiful and the choir boy breathtaking brought a tear to my eye 
Want to be part of something amazing? Want to help save someone's life? Then join our committee... elections open today 
Loved meeting everyone who came to the Barcelona Marathon meeting! We hope you all decide to sign up and we can't wait to support you 
 changing for a little bit to show support for 
We are so excited for 
Families volunteering together! 
What an incredible morning making 500 sweet care packages for victims of human trafficking! Hundreds of 
No, you are not seeing double... 100 Great Pyrenees from 
High Force Waterfall 
Jalal Talabani, Kurdish Leader and Iraq’s First Postwar President, Is Dead at 83. RIP
I walked along the prom in the summer it was so hot and the kids were fishing for crabs. 
What lovely photos Jim. I can see why they've surrounded the church with 
Hackney's wild & wonderful family party takes you on a mega musical journey through the sounds of reggae this Sunday - hear the music, learn the dance moves and be home by bedtime 
Opening tonight in 
Tap 
My thoughts and prayers are with the strong and resilient people of Iraq and Iran 
World aids day
It's so obvious - but somehow needs repeating in 2017: Trans women need access to rape and domestic violence services. Thanks 
W 
This is lovely, thanks 
Guys go vote all things 
If you have a moment would you please retweet this? Many thanks x
Please take a moment to read and share to help us get our little Labrador puppy, Daisy, the life saving operation she so desperately needs!
Thank you for letting me be a part of this important play 
I LOVED teaching the actors again! Thanks for having me back... I 
Tonight marks my 100th show as Tracy Turnblad! 
If you had told me this time last year I would be performing my dream role in a U.K. Tour I would have said you where mental! 
So lucky to be living my dream!
Here’s to the next 100
Can’t wait to be back at the 
Tea, chocolate and Harry Potter 
So glad I finally got to see this beaut of a human live tonight. 
Crazy busy week but loving every part of it. 
Loving the tunes on 
We are so happy you received your t shirt 
First outing of this stupendous jumper 
Beautiful evening 
Hello from Gwyn 
So proud of this!! 
About last night.... 
The voice = your soul. It communicates in the form of hunches, signals and signs, and an underlying knowing that something is or isn't right. 
London is beautiful 
So thrilled with the 
Had the best morning cooking and serving the clients of 
*summer throw back* This is just the most beautiful customer poppy patch 
In a time of buying fewer things & more experiences, we say make your choices count & buy things that will enhance your everyday experiences. It's part of our ethos & lots of other indie shops we know. Thanks to our customers who do.  Happy 
Love from all of us to all of you. He was an incredible man.
Here’s a short film I made with and inspired by my grandfather Rance Howard; a true romantic who lived an epic life with creativity, integrity and love. 
Love surprises 
Really looking Forward to performing at another amazing 
Hospices are amazing, very special places that provide care and support for so many people. Give a little love to your local hospice this Christmas! 
A truly iconic musician and beautiful man... Who else shed a tear watching George Michael: Freedom? 
Good afternoon, buddies! Hope you're enjoying this 
Think that’s a good days work !! 
Now he’s looking rather lovely 
Gorgeous Holiday breakfast- Thank you! 
So inspiring 
Must see film on cinema near you tomorrow night. Share& care 
Guess who! 
So glad you enjoyed it! We had such a lovely time too! 
It's going to be out in May 2018! First single is out this Friday 
Mesmerised by tonight's event which I attended by chance. 
If you lived here.. 
Competition time! WIN FREE tickets for 
We will be popping on on Redchurch Street 17-28 August pop in and say hello....
 Reethi Beach The Maldives 
 guess what I just got!!! So excited for tomorrow, I have the best hubby ever 
Victor Pasmore (1908–1998) ' Woman in a red Hat' 1944 
“
"La musicalité" is my today new small video which you can see at sebastienfoucanTV my YouTube channel hope it will inspire! 
To live as an artist and to be surrounded by artist 
Barbara Kruger: Futura Bold Oblique
Ed Ruscha: Copperplate, Stymie, Boy Scout utility modern
Guerrilla Girls: Futura Condensed Bold
Jenny Holzer: UPPERCASE (italic)
Lawrence Weiner: Franklin Gothic Compressed
On Kawara: Gill Sans, Futura 
Hito Steyerl: DaFont 
Finding the channels you 
After Scottie had a cycling accident, it was his desire to dance with Katie again that helped him back on his feet. 
 Nell loves a Wednesday night fire 
On the boat, a prosecco in hand and this view!! With 
Take comfort anywhere you can, friends. We are in some bleak shit and you must take care of your 
Candy Apple! 
Wonderful evening celebrating the official launch of the newly named 
"Ole Buttermilk Sky" Sweet song memory. Written by Hoagie Carmichael & Jack Brooks. 
My wee mum has her ups and downs health-wise but she’s NEVER out... Constant source of inspiration to me these past few weeks 
We couldn’t have done the 
It's a cold but beautiful morning. Live your life to the fullest. It's the only one we have. 1
My Hero 
Original prankster 
We'll see you again in a few weeks Glasgow 
Touring in Glasgow today 
As promised 
Off to Liverpool for the day. My home city 
 these 
 you're melting me heart 
We'll just leave this here. 
 Celebrity Mum of the Year 
Carlos is the BEST 
.
Great meeting Craig & Dougie at 
Huge thanks to the Green Brigade for donating £500 to the Leith/N 
It’s our BIRTHDAY! 2 today. Thanks to everyone from suppliers to customers 
Wish I
 Remember that time 
After meeting the lovely 
Thanks guys! 
With a beautiful script, gorgeous set, phenomenal costumes & amazingly talented cast mates it’s no much wonder I’m absolutely loving life as an Ugly Sister in 
What a lovely piece! 
Someone was pleased to see the Xmas tree get delivered this morning! 
This lady is rather beautiful inside and out 
An actual blog post. It's been a while! I talk about 
To all the 
Proud team 
It's Show time at The Kings Theatre Panto 2017! The Uglies with their Cinders ! 
Glorious..... GLORIOUS  
Did someone say, Panto?! We would 
I’m climbing a small mountain to help Moe climb a very big mountain.  Please help him too, if you can 
Thank you to everyone who has re-tweeted our funding page over the last few days! We appreciate it so much 
Really enjoyed being interviewed by Sofia! She's great 
HITTING THE ROAD IN FEBRUARY 
Today is WORLD HEART DAY. Time to look after your hearts. I support a 
Oooooooooo bursting with pride! 
 this early 
Perfect early 
What a fantastic show ....Absolutely brilliant 
this is mad! 10,000,000 streams on The Best You Had. thank you everybody, I have news on the album very very soon 
I’m only making one version of the album. but perhaps there’ll be bonus tracks eventually 
Thanks for all of the love on Higher 
It’s Here!!! Higher Feat 
The LOVELIEST man 
 thanks, we had a great time 
Our P7 and P1 Reading buddies enjoyed sharing  stories today 
Lots of love to 
 forever
Put your hands up in the aaaiiiirrr if you love 90s night and 
Dryland 
My love to Iran 
Muchos 
The perfect introduction to new 
Thank you my friend 
You already have 
Hey ppl doing a Reddit AMA tomorrow. I don't say much on socials so tomorrow might be a good time to ask me a question, ha. 
Naturally this song has the mark of 
I love that 
Ladybird 
Thanks internets, you magical creature you, 
! Was ahead of their time. 
Can’t wait for night two at 
Last call for (free) signed photos 
I hope all of you are having a relaxing Sunday.  
Be with someone that’s good for your mental health. Someone who brings you inner peace and happiness. 
New Youtube Video with 
Magic & Beauty with 
Thanksgiving left overs 
Family 
I’m so excited because 
Switched for Christmas starts NOW! 
For those asking, my jogger suit on the 
NEW VIDEO! 
Can’t believe this night is here. For those who couldn’t get tickets for the Commodore love fest but want to support Johnny.. 
super fun couple of days reuniting with 
Feeling so inspired by the week I just spent in LA!! Music, creativity, hard work, great friends, and the best sister 
This is so sad...Linkin Park and Bennington's music had such a big influence on me over the years. RIP 
Last day with my Daddy in Nashville. 
Tomorrow with these babes at whiskeyroomlive. 7 pm. 
Thanks for being so dreamy, Colorado! 

Big Love and Big Magic to all 
Sunshine and mountain air do the mind-body-spirit good. 
My dear, 
Happy Birthday my dear 
Still out here in the middle of nowhere.. not complaining 
Heading to a cabin in the woods with an amazing group of ladies. 
Happy Holidays from us to you!!!
Ooops! How'd You Skip This? Last Chance Don't Miss out! Show some 
Aw, Man! Did You Forget? Saturday will be here before you know it! Don't Miss out! Show some 
Happiest bday to the lady that keeps our sodas stocked, our meetings scheduled and our merch shipped! We 
Congrats girl!! 
My little sister got married today!!! So many tears and love 
Get you somebody that looks at you the way I look at the $1 slipper socks from Walgreens 
Congrats to all, esp my 
Hope u enjoyed it all, East Coast 
So awesome meeting you all! Thanks again to 
a lovely reminder from the lovely 
Can't wait to see you soon, Fletch! HUGE thanks to you and all of 
“Love Makes A Woman” Top 10 Best Sellers! Thank you luvs! 
Have a great last 2 shows  
Sooo excited about this!!!! Miley will be soooooo excited!!! 
You are the kindest! Thank you Colton 
Just had rehearsal for Monday! I’m so beyond excited! I hope you guys r too bcuz you guys picked my song this week
y’all my mom just made me get OFF the couch, get dressed and go to mg w her and i just won worlds toughest rodeo tickets on our way there. thanks 
Don't our Coaches look right at home? 
Miley and 
proud of 
You are such a sweetheart. You promised to stick with us - and you are! Thinking about you and Puerto Rico. And how we can help. 
Confident women don’t hate 
My well-loved copy of 
Someone Great 
Danced my socks off now it’s chill time in my cosy new pj’s 
Tangled up is 10yrs old today! This was one of my favourite albums we made! Thank you for all of your support then & now! So many memories
Cor, what we'd do to be 
Good morning. I 
That's my beautiful daughter Miranda next to me. 
Now there’s even more reasons to 
I wanna see this!!! I can't believe it's finished! 
 has a playlist for each chat. 
Read more about why I 
 Love Your Mother 
RT IF YOU 
 girl got skills. 
 Looking forward to tonight’s episode. How can 
 Thank you for watching with us!! That’s it for 2017!! The journey continues after the holidays. 
We’ll be back before you know it! Happiest of Holidays to you and your loved ones 
F-ABBA-LOUS NEWS! 
I didn’t realize until it happened that this is what I wanted for Christmas!! This makes me so happy 
Wishing you guys a very 
Who's ready for tomorrow?! Spruces and Pines airs tomorrow on 
Also available in the 
BEND, OREGON SHOW!!!
12.7.2017

I have now seen 
Early favorite gift! My very own 
Congratulations, Scott!!!
Puppy love 
This Chef, 
Tickets: 
I'm. so. fucking. happy  :) 
My girl 
Thank you for that sweet post and for being in my corner through it all. 
Can’t wait for everyone to see this movie I legit cried my ass out 
It warms my heart to see all of the positive attention that 
Can't wait to see this heartfelt coming out story on the big screen. 
I Love Simon! 
Presenting: 
Can’t figure out words so here’s my 
This band... 
Sometimes a joke doesn’t always go as planned, which makes it even better! We 
This Is How Real Men Shoot Animals 
You look so beautiful 
Only 1 week left until the launch of my 
 Italia 
Much 
 Jeanine
Another successful Friendsgiving by 
-ing this little number from 
Love you girl!!!    Cheers!!  
I highly recommend it! 
Happy Birthday to my boy band brother & one of the dearest friends I've ever had - 
Hey Chicago! My friend 
100% agree! 
Hands down 
Central time we've got a little over have an hour left, West coast I believe you still have a couple hours left to help 
It's better to see something once than to hear about it a thousand times!
You can watch the Gaycation special about the Pulse Shooting in Orlando now. Sending 
Don't forget about our fabulous Christmas Drive Ladies!!
Swirly-pearly earrings! We love a pretty pop of pearl! 
The great deals are still happening! Our sale items are an ADDITIONAL 20% off! Grab all the jewelry for all the people you love! 
Just watched it two days ago! Great one
Incredible - the price of new offshore wind power has HALVED in just 2 years! Emma Thompson seems... quite pleased 
Come on down 
babiesss!! we won 
Thank you teen choice!!!! 
Unbelievably proud of the boys, incredible fight, special game, top performance, someone was definitely watching over us tonight 
enjoy every moment 
God bless your work and your aid your health in all this. Happy thanksgiving from me and your son. 
 gal spotted wearing a 
Me and my daughter chilling 
Ain't no better feeling than winning
Home is where the 
So incredibly proud of my teammate 
All our thoughts and prayers are with you 
Thoughts are with Ann & her family at this time! I'm sure the whole of women's football is behind her 
All the small things. 
holiday 
Thank you!! So happy to have my school friends here to watch! Thanks for the support! 
Let’s do this!!! Break legs everybody!! 
'A Christmas Carol' at 
God bless 
One nation. One dream. 
Oh, we totally 
In studio with 
By any means I get to them 
Happy Birthday Islah 
LAST NIGHT WAS AMAZING!!! 
'O Holy Night' (ft. 
Such an inspiring night hanging out with the girls of 
We met 10 years ago at LAX & I got adopted into my Persian family. Couldn't be happier to stand by her side today as she said "I do" 
Always such an honor to play the 
Thanks y’all!!!
Love me like the wild, wild, wild west
Today we are welcoming 
Thank you Thank you Thank you for the support, love, encouragement! Feeling so Blessed and fired up for next year! 
Will you join me 
The happiest moment of my life and the best secret I've ever been able to keep 
So excited for Prince Harry and Megan to arrive in Nottingham 
"It is ok to feel bad" and even more it's necessary. Miss you on our stage 
Focus, hard work and willingness to learn new skills. We 
Melanie is right!!
Agreed, Gary. I always cry when hearing it!  
I have been holding hand over heart
So excited to be joining 
Thank you team 
Getting in Xmas spirit with my main bitches 
Sound Theatre is one of our Civic Partners.
As we announce the 60th 
Between Wentz and the 
ICYMI: It’s free and easy to join 
Maddox Jolie-Pitt gushing over his "wonder" mom Angelina Jolie couldn't be more adorable. 
Happy Monday! 
Learn to love the journey!  
 for this months 
Birmingham was sick, thankyouu
So many amazing people and things to be thankful for this year. Hope you're all enjoying food with loved ones today. Happy Thanksgiving 
Tfw it's Friday and you're in love 
Tonight's moves 
Fancy That is open today! Every Sunday up until Christmas from 11h00 till 15h00 
Thank you to everyone who came to the 
It’s mad what happens when you shift your focus to the right things. 
Hello,

I just signed the petition, “Metropolitan Police Service: The officers who have critically injured Terrell Jones-Burton SACKED!!!.” I think this is important. Will you sign it too?

Here’s the link:

Big St Basils love to all the people who took part in the Big Brum Sleepout 
Merci 
The very talented 
OVER AND OUT. Thank you for the most INCREDIBLE tour. It’s been amazing. Onto the next one 
Thanks for featuring our iPhone Photography Workshop in your Gift Guide 
Post a 
Bring it Bank Holidayers! We're prepped up with 
Happy 10th Birthday to Happy Bennett! Love Tony and Susan! 
We Dine Together.... awesome 
 mexico city. thanks everyone at 
Thank you so much kind CDMX audience at 
  Cheshire is probably one of my all time favourites - over 200 cheeses in the shop and I always come back to that one! 
Now that's what we call a wreath! 
Fabulous! Cheryl,  you’ll always be my favourite 
Duuuuffffffyy I 
A Bride her Fella and his warm can of Stella (couples who keep their day true to themselves make my 
Perfect hangover cure from 
At the inaugural 
Excuse me while I go add this to my playlist and listen all afternoon. 
Feel The Buzz Get The Fizz 
Back home to 

Wow what a promo for 
Ahh love a pic that I didn't know was being taken 
First time signing my book for a very sick, lovely fan
Subscribe to my YouTube channel: 
So this was lovely at the Christmas Tree Festival tonight in Datchworth with 
 fantastic new music in my Xmassy-car 
“All our dreams can come true, if we have the courage to pursue them.” -Walt Disney 
But I gotta say, when 
There is always good to be found in the world 
Proud of this guy. He insisted on running a positive strong campaign even when it got hard. 
Family is everything 
Too niche? Everyday a mother is made..... We obviously think it's just what the swim market needs! 
Thanks to my team for making this happen! I couldn’t have done it without you
Was a great night and great game! Good job boys! 
Zendaya has my 
My best friend just released a beautiful new single and I couldn't be prouder 
Yummmmmmy!!!! Thank you 
Sounds like about 35 
 it when a reviewer picks up on the little narrative things you've been trying to bring across, both in words and visually. Thanks so much, Myles!


Well, we’re not quite bike shops, we try to be more, big shout out to 
Also beautiful dress thanks to 
Preview of Mata Hari #1! This amazing artistic team that 
Wow.  Loving everything about this. More of Classic Who style costume. Can’t. Wait. 
Great gesture from 
Nice shout out from 
Today’s game against 
Loving 
Happy carnival! 
Reading a biography in which someone's lover is described as a 'hussar-about-town'. 
Great article from 
Look at our Edy from 
We still have Black Friday discounts for a limited time only! 
When you don’t want to leave your work-bestie over the weekend 
a nice reminder 
Thank you thank you 
I KNOW this one is going to be amazing because the title’s already got my attention - isn’t that a good sign?? GO SOHA!! 
Please open your hearts and homes to 180 adorable puppies and kittens up for adoption at the Adoptathon this weekend hosted by 
Copy on it’s way to you 
The perfect choice ! You will be such an asset to them and to us 
Dhuuuups thank you for spreading the love and the link!! 
I also read your book. It's very interesting. I like to read it again and again. Thank you so much for your insight into your life. 
Loved the book and loved you!!! 
One year ago I met the wonderful Orly Wahba of 
 Christmas tree looking gorgeous this morning 
Falcon Shout Out to Mr. Estrada and his health class for using our action-based learning lab to learn more about 
Community service is 
Could not have said it better myself! Thank you, 
Peep this! BIG thanks to 
Wow, someone caught the 
Here's 5 reasons why you should take part in 
Great am talking to local businesses, residents & visitors in Pangbourne with 
Since the last half hour, sound in live "Helga's Theme", "Let Me Go", "Walk" and "Muti", from the soundtrack of 
Congratulations Sir 
Big thank you to all of our food vendors 
Huge thank you to everyone that joined us 
Have you been yet? We attended 
This is my cover of “Tomorrow Starts Today” by 
Wow. Just wow. I am in tears and overwhelmed with love and happiness. You guys are the MOST important people and I can't thank you enough for everything you do. You have made my year with this video. 
I heard that you guys did a video for my 17th birthday, and I haven't seen it :(  could someone tweet me the link if you have seen it! Thank you so much 
Just got out of a ten hour studio writing session and saw my birthday messages. Thank you soo much for your beautiful birthday wishes. Love you all so much 
Lucky bday girl 
London
Here's my cover of 
Here's a new song of mine 
This is epic!!! I 

As promised, here is my new original "Forgive you now" sang live 
Happy Birthday to my little Tomb Raiding Batgirl beauty 
 has reached 14,000 followers on Twitter! Thank you to each and every one of you! 
Well done everyone 
Tonight we'll witness how powerful we really are! 
Cheers to the weekend and a HUGE 
Wow! Look at the Light Vessel 
Love you 
Happy Children's Day to all, you can grow up all you want but be a kid at heart.
Nothing Lasts Forever out Friday 
We're joining the 
Just been found! 
Found and reunited 
We're glad you 
Visit 
Wonderful thread 
Pleasure to help cover the game today, deserving to be in the hat for the next round and great to see so many friendly faces 
This is a fucking crazy story, masterfully written & deeply researched. If u liked The Imitation Game u will 
So much 
5goals4games. Match day tomorrow
Dreamchaser.
Unlucky result 5-4 but despite that happy with the Hat trick today.
Amazing, well done 
Not surprisingly, we 
Happy bday to the most disgusting man on the planet, wa gunna de it at whp toneet 
3-2 win for the boys and another goal
This man, this subject and this city 
Six weeks .... six long weeks. Time to come home Matt 
Happy birthday to my brudda 
My man wasn't texting me for hours and I started to get concerned about his safety. Little did I know, he was on a plane to Hawaii to surprise me...I don't have words to express my love and gratitude for this man
My team 
Isco on the training ground with his son 
Please RT we need to raise 30k for these amazing charities 
A well deserved result today, boys dug dip to stay in the game, unconditional love for this club 
Are you wearing your red ribbon today, on 
Lovely remembrance service 
WE DID IT. Today, our campaign welcomes a world-leading blood donation policy for the UK. Find out how in this video 
Couldn’t be prouder to have celebrating our recent success with 
BIG day for 
Hi guyssssss this is my FAVE 
Couples who Belay together, stay together. 
Free harness and shoe hire today cos we're feeling the luuuurve! 
Another busy night now off to Terrence Higgins Trust 
Cathy misses you! 
I love you all. Thank you for being here xx
The trailer for 'Love, Simon' is finally here! I had the pleasure of working on this incredible film. A beautiful love story tangled up in the struggles of being young and gay. So special and so important. I was in tears! Enjoy.. 
Legends 
A moving and very emotional watch. Cyberbullying can destroy a life 
This makes me infinitely overjoyed that schools are showing 
1st of December = perfect time to cosy up in the 
In our own little contemporary bubble 
My boyfriend works a lot too, but we've traveled to Amsterdam, Bordeaux, Hong Kong together, gone out for many dinner dates, and enjoyed each other’s company even just working in the same room/café. We love each other, and our shared ambitiousness only complements. 
Tomorrow I’m back at 
One of the most passionate nurses I know. Dawn has been an inspiration throughout my career. Thank you for all the guidance. And most recently for the support during my dads last few days 
It was an absolute pleasure to spend tine there today! Incredible team, outstanding care & inspirational leadership. Loved it! 
Happy birthday to my Queeeeeen! 
Brilliant job and great to see people being valued 
Keep following 
We are in 
The proof of Advanced Practice is in the patient - share your patient feedback in the comments: 
What a fantastic first ever StrEAT Food and Family Fun Featival! We all had so much fun, thank you 
That smile says it all. 
 was a good lad 
York Gate Garden, Leeds in Winter. 
He was an absolute gentleman and was wonderful to see him reflecting back over his years of dancing with so much joy in his eyes. 
Wow thank you so much for all yr amazing messages. I promise not to be a stranger.
Depends where you international jet setter is! 10.00 GMT xxx 
Rocking out to 
Kinda loved that insta live guys! 
Fantastic news! Hearing how she got them home, she was VERY brave to go herself 
Life is so precious - don't take anybody for granted - some remarkable special people out there 
Please vote for this lovely lady and her amazing talents if you have a spare 2 mins this morning 
... AMAZING
A personal fave from my 
We're delighted to launch The 
8/12/17, I am doing an exclusive set 
Witch bitch from Evian 
Myself and 
 You can now sign up to @dating_ink for 
90 applications | 15 incredible girls | 8 weeks; The Girl Geek Academy 
Some lovely words for our new album, Songs From The Stage 
Yesterday's session with miss Vallance sunnyinkz 
Postman’s Busy this Morning 
Lucky 
Dream come true making my 
Further details- Giveaway will close on Monday at 5pm. One winner on Twitter, one on Instagram- head on over to our Instagram page @topthatpublishing to join in the fun there too! Winner announced within 24 hours. Start dreaming Christmassy thoughts everyone! 
Most amazing honour being called into the 
Hello from our creative studio at Top That towers! We're very busy working on lots of super duper exciting books for you all but there's always time for a hello and a smile! Who have you said hello to today? 
Tonight Charity Quiz WINNERS!
Thanks to everyone who attended...
Big charity love 
Nice roast 
We fell in love with 
Good luck to all our teams and their players today.

I never thought it would be possible to love my job more and more each day! 
Overwhelmed with all the support in our first year

Happy birthday to my beautiful granddaughter 
Baby loss Remembrance Day. We'll be thinking of u baby bro. You may not be here, but u never leave our thoughts or hearts. I love you Arch
What a lovely market we are having! Still an hour left to pick up something delicious for the weekend. 
Girls, why not treat yourself to a relaxing massage this December? We have the girls from massage & glow coming to 
Right then, morning all! We've got fresh bread, pastries, cheese, pies, wine, fish, flowers, cakes, coffee, wine, fruit, vegetables, meat, bacon baps, olives, hummus, cider and great vibes. Come and get involved!! 
Whoooo! Hello Friday! Who's feeling festive? We certainly are! We've got all the good stuff going on tomorrow. Come and pick up a gorgeous wreath for your door from 
We've got a lovely line up for you today. Come and get some superb local produce for the weekend. 
That nasty mizzle has left us and the market is in full swing. Plenty of time to come and stock up. We've got cracking veg, meat, pastries, cheese, onion strings, hummus, fish, fruit, olive oil, pies, cakes, bread, jam... all the things! 
Beautiful bread at the market today! Come and grab a loaf for the weekend 
Lovely to see so many indies and St Nick's 
Thats me 
Literally love my friends so much, couldn't ask for a better group of gals 
YES! We won the Gold UK Independant Italian Restaurant Award! 
Today in the warehouse - packing and sealing boxes before they are sent off to their little owners 
Stuck for something to do tomorrow? Come and see us and all the other amazing traders 
MANCHESTER, The self-titled tour, 10.10.2017 
To all the people coming into our place 
Fab 24hrs in 
It's the 1st of December which means we can officially start opening our 
My early Xmas presents 
My favourites this year have to be.. 
Lovely night with 
 bloody love you on housewives. My fave 
Can’t wait to see this bag shopping at mine with 
Very close to my heart. People forget how important this is. The 
We've reached £1,000 with our panto crowdfunding campaign, thank you so much! 
These are the moments that make our job a little bit easier.
As the new season starts it's wonderful to have the continued support of 
Really proud of the boys 
To those who are hidden from the light but shine bright in our eyes are the true heroes to us all! 
The fans sound amazing! What a wicked bunch!!!  
Most beautiful and heart-warming talk about creativity and connection by 
We did it 1000 !  
Baby girl's beautiful Wedding Reception 
Tonight we celebrate the life and the centenary of the death of Harold Edge. He died in the battle of Cambrai at the age of 20. We celebrate 
Congrats, all. Wishing you an fun and fulfilling outing.
Thank you for the opportunity to speak about my book!  It was an amazing experience!!! 
More from 
Service on .200 guests 
Beautiful meal 
Just finished 
What an absolutely unbelievable performance of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory! I couldn't be prouder of you all! 
Avah was delighted to win The Great New Park Bake Off! A huge thank you to our amazing judges 
Thank you to the best volunteer crew ever! It's been a very busy week. So proud of and grateful for all of our stellar volunteers. 
Love this photograph from the Educate Awards 
Amazing
 Fantastic! 
Go team! 
Wow! New Park certainly does have talent. Well done everybody who took part. I'm soooooo proud of my wee team 
With an Irish grandmother I've had A LOT of potatoes, but this is one is next level 
This pup is killing me. How can I snuggle this dog ASAP? Big thanks to 
 a GRINCH TREE 
 Always the winner in our eyes 
Our crowdfunding campaign is LIVE and over 70% funded in just 12 hours!! 
THANK YOU 
Now taking bookings for our first LADIES ONLY BOOTCAMP of 2018.
With my brother 
Had such a great time at 
Happy holidays! 
 two of my favorite people.  Miss you kellyrutherford   
Baby bliss! 
My dear kellyrutherford 
 to me! Thanks mariaalfonsin 
Thoughts are with you and your family bro 
Retweet if you think he is NOT inviting Denny Hamlin to his party. 
My wife has fallen in love
This makes me 
Awesome time judging Cubs' Lair competition at Gordon Best Theatre tonight. 
SISTERS OF THE WEST!  Young Luv workshops  
On the counter of my new house, from the past owner: an I 
Giving away a Twilight & Luminous Starseeker Mount/Pet (NA Code) to one lucky follower courtesy of 
Suicide is the leading cause of death among young people in Canada. Help me make a difference by supporting my trip to Toronto for 
I have until Friday to finish raising money 
The only reason I didn't party all night and not come into work was because today was 
They gave me Champagne a rainbow Custard tart and endless support and love. I've got good mates.
Sending love to all the Rainbow families in Blaxland. People in the 17 electorates who voted no are going to need all our support. Not everywhere is inner city Melbourne. 
Brilliant love this 
Your weekly reminder to RT and get yourself on the donation registry. Let’s help 
At Melina's Grill we are celebrating our first Anniversary and we would like to thank our Community and loyal customers for your support!!!
When you wake up in the middle of the night and realize it’s your wife’s birthday. Happy birthday to the most amazing person and wife ever. 
Haven't been to the london Capitol office since 5sos lived here, brings back a lot of memories. Missed u guys here 
Happy Valentine's Day! Our special 
My life is starting to come together and I couldn't feel better. 
Gord I'll wear my life jacket proud. I'll do you proud. Like you've done for all of us for so many years. 
Completely and utterly overwhelmed. The Thrill Of It All is officially number one in America. Truly, a dream come true. Thank you all from the deepest part of my heart 
How to diversify VC space: 
Thank you so much for your ongoing support 
Thank you for your support and kind words 
What better way to feel festive 
It's TOMORROW!!! The fabulously festive 
Well done to our fave Stokie dancer and his partner Mollie! 
This makes my heart happy!
Never been there! Come give a me a GREAT WELCOME. One time in a lifetime 
I love and miss him! And absolutely adored him.! 
Excited to see u all as well. 
We have a sweet newsroom visitor! Hi 
Throwing it wayyyy back 
My first 2018 cover ! 
270 
, you have an amazing, hardworking Climate Committee - these are just some of the great people involved. 
Look who is at the shop today
Yes and she inspired me when I was young! 
Happy American thanksgiving to all my American racing friends 
Any help for 
My two Fav Co-Stars truly living upto the word HERO, absolute chivalrous gentlemen 
Respect Queen 
Yesssss Australia 
Sat 99% avg occupancy. Sun starts FULL HOUSE on 17th day 
Rianna 
Rianna.Keep the child in u alive always ..To the child within U 
Rianna and 
*SQUAD* Thanks again  to 
*SQUAD* Thanks again  to hollimaejohnson for excellent funs last week 
They made me what I am today!! Miss you Mom and Dad 
LOVED dancing for the beauty that is 
We didn't realize 
We were making memories 
We just knew 
We were having fun.

Forever 
Dad and I are working on our 
Post Pack Up with this amazing team 
New cocktail of the week star rain. Come and get one of these bad boys when it rains it will brighten up your day 
No it's not we are back on 8th to our original date!!
Taking a time out to hang out with my favourite daughter. 
Feeling nostalgic at 
I Love You Mere Bhaiii!!
Their hearts only melt for each other. Watch Tiger & Zoya's 
Going Live on FB in 10 Mins with the Madddd Gang and 
It's all about 
A tune that Tiger & Zoya's hearts sing for each other
Great video about how 
After 5 years, baba and I are back in a train 
What an amazing concert this evening! Well done to 
How good it feels to return home after a long journey.
With DAY 4 of The Living Room Stage [
We can always count on Moontricks to bring us back to that feeling of being HOME 
 this is on my list of festival to check out next year 
Baked potatoes!!! This band rocks our socks. We 
When you conquer 
We start our Album Tour tomorrow!!! Just in the studio getting a little extra something ready for u....guess te cover! First stop Dublin-see u soon 
Well done to legends 
 Every little addition to my flat makes me feel so adult! Girl got a fern! 
We have a big 
 to when I got my own doc on porridge lyf courtesy of 
Just seen this politically incorrect, rude little, animal loving, funny fucker 
My brother’s birthday is tomorrow!!! Robert has made us laugh and smile every day since he was tiny. I love this photo of him wrapped up in one of his favourite blankets. Too cute!! I’ll be sharing all of my favourite photos of Robert to celebrate his 14th birthday. 
Tomorrow we celebrate my amazing brother’s 14th birthday. I’ll be sharing some of my favourite memories of Robert over the years. Stay tuned for some very special 
Chicago - Friday - 
“We Three Queens” music video feat. 
Fans are convinced that Charlotte & Bear are dating again 
I love animals more then people. FACT 
How stunning does 
EVERYBODY WATCH 
I'm so thrilled to announce my support of a sustainable fashion future as an international ambassador for 
Headed home after the 6 week 
LOOOOOOOOVE!!! 
Remember, CHARACTER NOT CULTURE. 
Dirrrrrrty bones 
Meanwhile... back in LA 
Arhhh this makes me seriously happy !!! 
De dah!!!! The smell of Christmas has arrived!!!! Love a real tree. 
My new friend 
Look at that face! 
In love with Mooshi Mooshi and missing 
Huge thank you to 
Couldn't be any prouder of this guy 
Was great catch up with you guys. Welcome to 
Congratulation 
Great interview 
A Christmas gift we borrowed from Ken Bruce 
Thank you everyone for your wonderful generosity donating all these lovely xmas gifts to Wood St Mission 
Survived 
Massive honour to be called up for the 
Had so much fun being given the Vanguard award at 
When traveling 
1. Packing light is overrated 
2. Do not be ashamed to bring important transitional objects 
Love & Friendship comes out on dvd and blu-ray tomorrow 
First first day of school/last first day of school 
Breath taking, skin tingling, mesmerising, heart wrenching and ultimately uplifting 
Evening 
Fantastic night as finalists and winners!!! 
if ur in NYC for the holiday come hang tonight 
ultimately proud to work for my hometown team - Chorley Football Club 
Simply Love! 
After meeting the most amazing people back to work with my 
Love love love 
The amazing efforts of volunteers like Georgina give us the 
We are filming 
Thanks for the invite 
Say 'I do' at The Stanneylands with our romantic Last Minute Wedding Package 
We're unbelievably happy to see that 
HERE'S OUR FINAL TEESSIDE SHOW OF 2017! 
THIS POSTER 
NEW SUPER SPECIAL INTERVIEW! Massive love to 
This baby is SOLD OUT 
One of my fav pics of all time! 
You can also preorder 
Preorder 
Here's wishing 
Shared from Leehom's FB 02 Jan 2017: 
Skyped your pet or taken them on date night? We’re celebrating things only pet parents understand. It's not loopy, it's love. 
Making your cat their favourite 
Shoutout to the other tweeting teams from 
Free Hug 
here’s just some random selfies for thanksgiving. Tag some people you’re thankful for 
Black press we 
We're all about women supporting women and we 
Together Again 
Thanks Jamie for the interview today 
Nathaniel’s story touched my heart & I feel so honored & moved to play a part in the journey of this incredible family. My son & I bonded over reading the book Wonder together, & were inspired to meet the real life strength & spirit of Nathaniel. Please tune in Friday 10/9c 
My heart is overwhelmed with so much love...Miss you all so much...It will all come together and will be reunited again!!..

So lovely spending the day with 
Powered by Siteleaf, 
The only negative thing about 
People: Look into 
Want a luxurious faux fur for the winter months ? Well... Our Charlie in wine is in the sale for £25!! 
Home office 
To all of you. We hear you and we love you. Courage and solidarity 
Well done guys I see your outchere trying to change the image, just keep trying doing best and challenge yourself we won't give up on you doesn't matter which person in some position says what
There’s a Lox to 
Almost TOO BIG to handle from artichokepizza on our 
Huge thanks & 
 this pic of 
This is so sweet 
On the subway home. Man seated with giant Captain America shield gave me his seat. 
Me: Thanks, Cap. 
CA: You're welcome, citizen.

When I dip, you dip, we dip. Do you 
So excited for this to start! halcyoncherrycreek 
STATEMENT!!! Please can you all read this! Thank you for everyone's support! Love you all lots 
Part 2: Gift bags for every guest 
Memories. Open Final Qualifying with my Big Brother bagging. "Sleep Tight" Ed 
Hello humans! We are also humans! And we're thrilled to share with you our very first Definitely Human newsletter 
We are so excited to be at the 
Love what Explore Reading is doing for our town 
We had such a fab time with 
Tuesday Top Tip
 Al Fresco on Faux Leather 
 is a day to all come together to remember, be proud of the achievements but also, to keep fighting to 
 red ribbons ... sparkly or otherwise 
One Of My Biggest Highs This Year! Thank You 
Crowdfunding link for THE COLOUR OF MADNESS is 
More generous donations to our CF campaign.  If you contribute remember it’s YOUR book too.
You have made the difference. Thank you 
Meghan and Harry!! The best news 
Too much sauce 
Lil poser 
What a great event 
Sending lots of great 
Happy Thanksgiving! Today is a reminder to embrace more gratitude, thankfulness,& appreciation for the life you have. We are 
Happy Thanksgiving Mav54! 
Always have too much fun with these legends! 
Big up my g & management mate 
Family Lunch 
Love this video! 
Couldn't be more proud of our girl 
-Refugees are Welcome-
-Open all Borders-
-No one is Illegal-
-Fascist Out-

To Russia with LOVE 
 Bjork played my track at Sonar "arriving in the oblique forms of Lanark Artefax, the maximalist Rian Treanor" ~
An experience we will never forget. Thank you to absolutely EVERYONE involved. 
Thank you for all the love on this 
I recorded a special version of Better Now a few weeks ago and it goes out on 
Incredibly proud and excited to be able to share this.

Lone - DJ Kicks. 

September 29. 

Preorder: 
Two new shirts are up! Limited numbers, designed with love by us
Melon Magic tonight w/ 
Falling asleep on the sofa with my dog is the best thing ever 
My Ems 
  - Don't fade with colors 
Thank you so much! I miss you already. Come back soon! 
This is so cute! My Heart
It was amazing to see all these lovely girls last night! I just love how music connects people! Miss you all
Woop! Wavey Official Video OUT NOW 
I’ve been through a lot man. I could’ve not been here but God kept me here & that’s why I get so emotional cos my gratitude is beyond this world. I’m so grateful for hope & having reasons to want to wake up. U guys are lovely 
Thank u Henny 
Love u soooo much mummy 
Thank you mi loveeee 
Thank you sis 
Diddy’s sons remind me of him soooo much to the point where you just know they admire him so much 
I gave you pain I gave you melodies this time I give you Bars x


Judders 
 Lock in 
 it's all about the self love 2018 2019 and beyond 
THIS IS MY 2pac of today 
My debut single | Different Day is out NOW!

Filmed & edited by: 
Look at how weird life can be...fucking hell. Forever proud of you my brother 
We're so grateful to 
 showing 
Just incase a video for Wayward is being thought about or in the works, I have ideas. Song is too lit 
DO YOU KNOW HOW INSANE THIS SHIT IS. EVERYTHINGS HITTING MILLYS LIKE ITS LIGHTWORK!?!? THANKYOU TO EVERY SINGLE PERSON BUMPIN VIBES AND ACTUALLY DIGGIN THIS SHIT WERE CREATING 
Thanks to the big bro 
‘Over It’ our now! Check out the link. Please don’t forget to share too, let’s get BiddySings to all ears 
Mom: playing Badman Talkin' on soundcloud but it doesnt show my plays!

its not about the play count but aww...  
New Post out on Instagram. Show some 
Lock into Soho Jams on Soho Radio right now to hear Gid Eön blessing us with some soul and jazz magic 
My fucking G !!! 
Always time for Nanny Josie 
HEADLINE SHOW ANNOUNCEMENT TOMORROW 6PM 
Brighton was next level vibes last night, thanks to everyone that came to party with us 
So humbled 
YES YES YES!!!!!! 
Big Love 
Our Boozi Body Washes are all you need to stay squeaky clean and smell amazing 
A Christmas proposal perhaps? 
Are they holding hands? Cute. 
I LOVE chatting to everyone 
Ruby raised over £600 for Meningitis Now with a sponsored hair cut and then donated the hair to the 
PHASES EP OUT 1.12.17 
Alright moonerz! Our acoustic EP is out today! It’s like the normal songs but way more angelic. Let us warm your hearts 
Everyone needs to re-tweet this till 
@BobbyDukz1 talent is insane! 
Jamaica's records industry...interesting to watch / reggae music 
Right at the back in a sea of gowns, 
Hi everyone please donate and retweet this link for my nephew 
Our favourite Nav Lada (Nine Strand) Necklace 
It’s amazing how much good work can be done when the right resources are readily available. Thank you Chain of Hope for partnering with us to make this all possible. 
A wonderful evening performing 
An absolute pleasure performing in the London's West End Phoenix Theatre. Amazing cast, crew and audiences. Thank you so much! 
The pleasure was all mine 
Smiling back at now 13 year old Justin who was the FIRST patient to be operated on in Jamaica’s first Paediatric Cardiac Unit! These are the moments we live for 
Our hearts were full as we were joined by Health Minister, Hon. Dr. Chris Tufton as we viewed the first Cardiac surgery in the Heart Centre at the Bustamante Hospital for Children 
 They're our reason Why. They're the reason why we do it! 
Big thanks to Yvonne & the 
No shows this weekend blocked the diary to spend time with my amazing wifey 
TODAY, in OTRT, 
I leave you tonight team with this beautiful present to Santa from two beautiful children who visited our grotto: 
Mad Love. Available Now! 
Breaking the 2-hour marathon. Crazy? Yes. So we’re doing it. 
Happy 76th to my Old Dad. 
3 gals feeling a lot different to how they did last year - 6 and a half stone lost between us Bridie 
Nominations for 
Love you lots Kate
Be your own hero! 
DAY ONE: HOW DO YOU EVEN VLOG??? My husband started a vlog, subscribe 2his channel 2 keep updated with us
I've 
Maths stations are off to a flying start this week! The pupils love them 
Couldn’t be more thankful for this group. 
We would like to thank 
My "Shop Boy" has taken lots of things from our lovely makers on the road to the Northern Quarter Makers Market today. Pop along and see him and support our makers! On til 5 
Join us in Rosemount tonight @ 7 as the Panthers begin their 3-day game streak. Back at Ames tomorrow night against Minnetonka! Go North 
Tops of 2017. 
Brilliant being back in Portland. Love this place. 
Bydd wych!  
Lost my phone this week ... what a lovely treat to find on its return! My favs 
What a gorgeous reflection / mirror of life - another classic Bagsy! I'm enjoying hte collection very much, please have an exhibition soon!  
Proud & blessed to announce my commitment to further my education and play division 1 basketball at University of South Dakota 
HOW MUCH CAN ONE HEART HOLD ... 
Ok, I wanna say THANK YOU, but also SORRY! 
We are SOLD OUT of Personalized Acoustic Albums. 
I better get to work! 
 Daily tweet to 
Thank you!!! ... and all for a really great cause. 
I'll take all these I can get right now. 
Thanks Trudi 
This puppy couldn't stop crying out in pain when anyone came near him because he'd never felt a gentle touch. But then he met this woman 
I get to see my best friend in less then a week 
Random FaceTimes from my bestfriend makes my day every time 
Tuesday: "Winter is coming."
Wednesday: "Spring, is that you?"
There's just nothing like weather in New England! We 
Don’t forget to buy your 
Soon to be announced 
A lot of positives to take from that 
TY 
Congratulations Catalina Ponor
Just look at the concentration 
We couldn’t agree more! 
 Beta Club's Movie Night was such a big hit! We 
DCHS Chorus is preparing for Project Graduation! We 
Future Bulls visiting USF St. Pete campus! 
 happy bday ryan!!!
seeing our GaitherHS ROTC volunteering at this event today!@Jeff_Eakins 
Officer White was awesome 
Special Thank You goes out to Officer White for coming out and talking to our students about making the right choices. They 
Home of the free, because of the brave. Lutz Leopards say thank you to all 
Our pleasure - we cannot wait until 17th February - thanks for your support all 
Congratulations to Lexington HS Senior Sal Frelick on the signing of his National Letter Intent (NLI) to play Baseball at Boston College 
#
You can help those injured or bereaved by the Manchester Arena attack by donating or sharing the link: 
But then comes home and surprises you with this! Thank you 
One Harry got engaged today and now here’s hoping for two?? 
Always awesome to meet the fans. Thanks Texas and 
Thank you to Annex Gallery in Eglinton for the fab job they made of our framed Danny's Run running vest & group photo. Doesn't it look great?!What a lovely memory for Danny in the office & reminder of all the team achieved in their HalfMarathon for 
Football Is Family 
We’ve had 3 DI players sign this past week! Big things lead to big dreams. Congratulations to Jakayla Sullivan, Latrice Perkins, and Olivia Nelson-Ododa!! We’re so proud of you 
OMG!!! This really touched my 
love ya coach 
My heart’s still exploding. What a joyous, emotional day! 
My guests were excellent - all down to them! Loved it 
It has finally happened! Families no longer have to apply to the Family Court of Australia for stage two treatment. It is COMPLETELY out of the courts. Congratulations to everyone who have fought for this. We’ve done it. Thank you for your hard work 
I honestly just want the best for others, especially the kids I've come to know through 
 took a few moments for some baby snuggles too 
 their strength is inspirational! Thank you for having us 
Great seeing 
‘Silk To Dry The Tears’ Pre-orders now up 
Best team 
, who remembers this gem from back in the day?!
He's our special boy 
Guess where I am? 
My Grandmother is getting ready to pass and flights back home are super expensive, anything helps 
One reason we 
It's so easy to be 
 - WORLD CHAMPIONS!!! 

Australian Women Team’s dominating the world:

Rugby League
Rugby 7’s 
Cricket
Football 
Netball 

... and there’s more I’m sure. I’m so overjoyed with the Jillaroo’s win I can’t think properly 
This has forever changed Caesars for me 
Loved caching up with 
We're overwhelmed by the support received at our women's team launch yesterday. 
Thank you so much to ALL who attended & connected w/ us 
Huge thank you to the 
Discussing 'change' and what it means for 'Lola Faith' -  
A huge thank you to Saffron from 
Thanks for all the birthday 
We are so 
Happy Thanksgiving to all of our friends south of the border 
Always go with the choice that scares you the most because that's the one that is going to help you grow. JAX 
The end of a very long but fun Thursday of interviews 
South Africa has 2 Best Sporting Moments featured in November.  Show some 
Stand up for the 
Family members 
She said YES!!
Boxing for free on 
 Alice in Wonderland thank you for supporting our charity 
The debut. The fans. The noise. 

Something I'll never forget 
Jim was 1 of my all time favorites both as a reporter and a person..always positive..always energetic..
"Doing CI not just as continuous integration but as continuous improvement" 
Canaan Smith
Filmore 
Tyler Farr at Kegs Canal Side 
Did you go last night? What a great time! Feel free to share your memories... 
"When I'm feeling good, Doc, I want to be next to you."

It's so good to see you, Eddie. 
AND THEY'VE ONLY GONE AND BLOODY DONE IT YESSS GIRLLSSSS
Winning Wednesdays all round
26-17 into the 4th quarter!! Let's finish it girlsss
16-07 at half time for the 4s
09-03 to brum here 
1s
Vienna on the rise! 
You have to 
80’s & 90’s R&B and coffee.....
Incredibly inspired by 
At any given time there are approximately 15,000 children in temporary foster care in PA. Open your 
It’s freezing out there. Let’s not forget those that need us the most 
We are changing the perception of homelessness through music 
Show your support with a charity red ribbon Red Velvet Cupcake this World AIDS Day. All proceeds go to 
What an amazing week so far. Tomorrow, Fisher Field. 
Hall decorating at EAHS. We have some pretty interesting themes this year. Look for our Twitter poll tomorrow to vote for the best hallway at EAHS. 
We’re serious when we say, “Tradition lives here.” It’s a great week to be a Rover.  
Way to go Class of 2018!  Looking forward to seeing the biggest woodpile and Bonfire ever. Beat P’burg!! 
So honoured to be elected as 
Beauty
Love 
LOVE 
HAPPY HOLIDAYS
If any seniors are willing to help hallway decorate tomorrow after school, it would be much appreciated 
For everyone getting exams results tomorrow 
Thank you for the Female Athlete of the Year Award 
A massive THANK YOU for all your generous gift donations so far for 
Great point for us today, love this team 
Honoured to be captain of this team 
Best couple of weeks with all the best people 
Happy Father's Day dad, gone but never forgotten 
Happy birthday hope you had a lush day! Love yous  
Ahh it's here, it's here!!! Happiest book bday to the incredible 
GIVEAWAY TIME!! Signed boots and signed shirt 
 December 1 is 
 Join us today for the 29th Annual Dr. A. Brad Truax Award Ceremony & Reception. 
 Tomorrow on 
 This Friday is 
I'm coming for ya 
Thank you again for watching with us last night!  
No shame in showing yourself some 
"I love you, too." 
"There are a lot of things I don't know how to explain. About me. About why I'm here." 
Pls RT! Come and join me live on 
The Man in the Red Bandana. 


Lots of changes starting today. Excited. 
Thank you : ) 
Gotcha 
It’s gameday in 
3 brilliant intensive days of pelvic floor 
Part of our amazing 
Cheers to that!!!  Gooooo 
60 degrees and not a cloud in that beautiful blue sky at the end of November! Then 
Always remember what you taught us, don’t take shit from anyone! We love you blake 
I hate how ignorant and hateful some people can be. Please don’t listen to the haters! You have so many of us fans who love and support you unconditionally and know the amazing man that you are 
We're grateful for four seasons, a wonderfully talented and generous cast and crew, and for you our 
Oh my it's been a year since I met my hero 
Today, we are 'berry' thankful for YOU! 
The first Patriot Pals meeting of the year was a success
From backpacks to personal essentials, 
Did you know? Children enrolled in 
Smalll, but mighty. PBSA is celebrating 
Yummy yummy in my tummy! Thanks 
Thank you so much for coming and support this event. 
 have to commend an amazing DN called Marilyn. A kind, superb professional who is a credit to her profession. Living with a loved one with dementia is hard but made easier with people who understand. 
 my kiddos!  Once a teacher, always a teacher! But fifth grade math is no joke!!!
Connecting school goals to PLC action at 
Morning thoughts and Sunday vibes 
Today marks 50 years since the world’s first ever human heart transplant. What better way to mark this milestone by joining the organ donation register 
 a fan 
Good luck everyone up for a 
THANK YOUUUUU! 
My little one freddy
A colossal 192 crates of food donated in 3days to 
Last day 
Londoners- keep a look out for little Rosie & if you see her approach her very gently as she’s nervous. 
So much epic post today, This is one of the best, BIG UPZ S/O to 
So... thanks to 
Please watch this space though as our appeal for 2017 will be launching next week 
Anyone looking to support the church that does so much for us... come along! 
We are needing a hand tomorrow at the hub to unload vans... 2.30-3pm would be ideal if you can help?! 
Please please support this amazing project, it ensures care leavers aren't left alone at Christmas and is run by a wonderful and lovely team! 
no one leaves home unless
home is the mouth of a shark

you only run for the border
when you see the whole city running as well

- Warsan Shire


Top leaving do for the wonderful 
Once again, the beautiful colleagues from 
 magical talk on 
Congrats  Rachel Wang 
Yep thank you all for your friendship- it’s been fab 
 sharing awesome friends! Please give them a follow or RT 
This time 2 years ago I was sheepishly submitting my application for the Washington Ireland Program. Believe! 
Are you a lawyer specialized in International Humanitarian Law? We’ve got a job for you! We’re looking for an adviser on 
 Thank you for the beautiful article on 2 year old 
hottest girl in the world!! 
Christmas Spirit at 
JLS JLS JLS 
They are never just a dog! 
They are family 
on our way to the gig in Hønefoss, Norway...off we go!
on our way to the gig in Hønefoss, Norway...let’s go!
 just started your book 
of course I'd 
The day you passed away I decided I was going to make you proud. Today I score my first professional goal for you. Happy birthday grandma
Onward rose city. Thank you 
.  Go check out mah charity!!! 
First up 
Belfast, thank you. Northern Ireland, simply the best! 
Woo hoo! “Oysterlight” is the featured publication up on the wonderful 
Their voices are incredible.
You don't encounter a story like this every day. 
Thanks so much for coming to help out 
 

spread love, not hate. we all need to be easier on each other. 
Grab yourself a honey martini and step through the doors of The Little Clock House  for oodles of LOL's and 
one of my fav things about being in berlin is seeing Hito Steyerl in events (usually from distance). but it makes me happy 
but why do i like berlin this much? 
If you 
Out NOW! 
Grab your copy of CHRISTMAS AT THE LITTLE CLOCK HOUSE ON THE GREEN from 
Australian royalty right there! Two of the greatest in one scene 
Discovered these 2 gorgeous books and to my delight one is 
the response I’ve gotten from my interview with 
An article I’ve written based on my experiences of learning Welsh in devolved Wales. Let’s improve the image of the language in our society for future generations! 
You are one talented man mate.... 
Honor the lost. Raise awareness. Educate yourself on care, testing, prevention, and treatment. End the stigma. End discrimination in healthcare. Support the fight to end HIV/AIDS. Know your status. Everyone has a right to health. 
This woman 
Ohh 
Thank you for speaking out 
Had an amazing night at the 
Ayyyy with the double up 
“Whiteout Conditions” by 
You guys like my 
Tonight it continues 
Needless to say...COME ON UNITED 
Oops sorry 
Hamilton 
I make a little cameo appearance in this today. Fabulous fun to make 
Artistic Achievement, Best Game Design, Narrative and Original Property. Thanks to British Academy of Film and Television Arts 
INSIDE winner of Best Audio + Best Visual Art @ Game Developers Choice Award.
Thank you 


Please help and sign 
Well done Australia 
I’ve still got it!!! 
Wow! 20k views. My most watched 
The Lopez Brothers 
Ahhhh. You are amazing. Love you guys. Really brightens my week! 
Ah thank you so much lovely xxxxx 
Humbled by the support of our community 
So much love for everyone who made all of this happen. 
Wow! 8k views! Over 80 likes and 20 comments so far! Seriously can’t believe how much love this little film is gathering on 
That's what I hear from everyone!!!! 
Yasssss to 
For someone who never used to cook I'm pretty chuffed with my mushroom and chickpea stew 
Christmas jumper competition winners...
Was so lovely to see you both see you at 
And with that I’m on my way back to Australia - thank you 
So incredibly inspired by the PhD students who solely organized 
What a gorgeous photo! 
You are amazing darlings thank you for playing Trust Me!! 
Well! What a day! I met one of my heroes today: 
No, thank YOU, Ensign Alex! 
Thanks dear 
Fundrazor starts TOMORROW.

Please consider pledging a donation to the station so we can continue operating.

We couldn't exist w/out you 
A huge day of Championship Football at BC Place with 
Toronto you never let us done! We love you!! 
What a club 
We are SO grateful for your support 
"London-based theater student Wang Yuyu explores the isolation and invisibility of Chinese people and other East Asians living in Britain in her new one-woman show." 
Get booked for the weekend 
Jeez this just made my day. Thanks 
Waking up 2 the rich tones & pleasant sounds of 
Don’t forget as it’s 
Much love to GOOD GRIEF for winnng this year’s Hometowner Best Feature!! 
Margaret Rudkin's 
Celebrating our anniversary one day before Valentine's Day! 
Come on Scotland!! Closely followed by the big game!!! 
A weekend of breakfast, Corn maze, Pumpkin picking, Malham Cove adventure, Betty's & Clay Pigeon Shooting 
What a day! We sold out of trees by 2.30! Many thanks to the entire HGCA team.
Wonkery with a big heart, this piece 
 I 
Sad to be hanging up my orange blossom after 10 weeks of Lorca’s Blood Wedding, will miss playing my little radgie bride 
 if you have a 
In support of 
I mean she's the coolest person I know !!! 
Beyond proud of having two images in the National Portrait gallery’s Taylor Wessing Exhibition. And again that the Guardian are leading with my photo of little Maggie 
Oh god what a playlist! 
What im here for grant dog you’ve saved us many a times 
Cassy, te voy a echar mucho de menos 
My cat house is your house 
Couldn’t ask for a better way to kick off my birthday 
You killed it tonight as always bae 
We finally done it!What an amazing wedding week / weekend. 
Tomorrowland Moments!! Intense experience in this magic festival!! love & Music!! 
The Amazing experience!! 
DREAMBEACH memories!! 
Surrounded by amazing females today: Finished up earlier with 
Next up 10.3.17 
Photographers Life! 
Farringdon this Saturday 
“When our people believe our brand purpose, we can deliver a better experience to our customers.” 
I agree!! Great advice 
Reunited!!! 
Why does running keeps your heart healthy? 
One of the most 
Planning our next adventure with our ice cream inspiration! 
So incredibly proud of all of us tonight! Absolutely loved it! Thanks to all our supporters and glee vips 
Voting is closed! Thank you all for voting and helping us! Big love to you all 
A HUGE thank you to the incredible volunteers who worked tirelessly on 
Can't wait to watch on Monday!!!! We love you 
4 years of musicals and I have worked with some pretty incredible students 
Very proud teacher tonight 
I will miss you 11R 
Thank you Year 11! I love my job 
If kids were not creative with language, there would be no linguistics. The sole concept of language is based around change, creativity and innovation. Thanks 
We love the support we get off our gorgeous PCSOs,
Well said Ben 
Whilst we have a little attention, we want to big up some amazing orgs working with young people in care. 
Mad love for yalllll 
Yooo this 
Be the light 
 Come out to our benefit show Dec 7th at Music Hall of Williamsburg to support the Lower… 
 THIS 
Reuniting with our 
An honour to attend and perform 
 Thanks Noor for this video. And thanks Arab Women of the Year Awards for having us tonight! A true honour 
 Loved your sound! You both have so much talent! Thanks for tonight 
Yesterday we launched our collaboration with 
Fun chat w/ one big kid at heart: 
A pleasure to support 
5 years ago today we opened in Brockley ....
We can't say it enough: 
Our work would not be possible without you. 
Er...can we make this happen please? 
I’ll be back performing 12 April 2018. New music. New live show. Tickets still available. Really hope you can make it 
Hilarious things is...I’m sure it’s making me look YOUNGER?!! Don’t understand haha! Hope you’re well Arun 
I’m at the Deerfoot Meadows Costco signing cookbooks with original Bridge lady Mary Halpen today! Love how many fans she has. 
So sad to hear of the passing of Malcolm Young. I have so many fond memories of him from my days on the road with AC/DC.
I always found him interesting and good company and he was the heart and engine of that great AC/DC show. My condolences to his family and AC/DC fans.
So proud to release this. ‘GUNSHOT’ feat. 
Oh my goodness. I do have an amazing group of friends. Scattered across the planet. They keep me sane and very... 
 come join 
The Merry Merry Rafiki is a jolly way to announce the season—the perfect companion to fave sweaters, wintery adventures and a cup of hot cocoa.
Happy birthday to Kokopelli assistant conductor (and Òran chorister) 
Buy one drink, get one free to share. Nov. 9–13, 2–5pm. 
