Crying at 
A look at your header to end this message with 
Exactly! There are times where I feel like a super creep for posting so much.But that could also be my brain being over analyzing things 
Jokes aside, being fan of an actor & showing your love for their work is different from stalking them. So I wouldn't consider you a creep. 
Don't thank me, I'm just pointing out the obvious. But I'm glad that I made someone (you) feel better today. So I guess that's my reward. 
Love this podcast. Listen to it on the way to work. The discussion with 
You should've just dropped your song link & left 
Hey they aren’t married yet 
I LOVE BLAKE!!! AND IM GLAD HES THE SEXIEST MAN ALIVE!!!
.
Shock!!! there are still tickets available 

 can I get me one of these pleeeze 
 Gross but 
Listened to this on Wednesday. It was the best yet. I loved it. You are fab - even without the Q-Tips 
Gotta appreciate the irony that you’re sharing this on ITunes 
"If"
He’s a bell end 
Pfft okay be happy 
Did you ask him to twirl it around though? 
This reminded me of Joey's attempt at learning French. 
'You try speaking in another language, everybody out of my house!' 
I just love when she’s on your show 
I will never get tired of you on Ellen Sofia! Your so amazing 
I relate... 
With Mr Obama. They'd have a ball.
Lol,iight den.  
It was positively exhilarating watching you translate "iight den" and taking such pride in it when every other post you put in this thread showed you are practically illiterate 
Oh,I forgot. iight den. 
What happens when your patience runs out?? If it It thisssssss thin?? 
That guy was so confident that he had won the argument 
I just read that entire argument. Somebody just got themselves a new follower 
wow dude mark really started losing it 
Obvious proof that our schools are dumbing students down ! Proof right here ! 
 no way.
their chemistry is so cute and funny 
I love this thread so much. 
YESS!!
Dude!!! I thought the same thing!! 
The good ole Southeast 
Wow how great to see this the stuff between 
 yaaaaaaaaas honey pretty pretty petty princess 
Close enough
Understood... carry on. 
Preach 
Lmaooo a movement 
Queen of the FREAKING GALAXY 
QUEEN OF MULTIPLYING THE MULTIPLE GALAXIES THAT YOU MULTIPLIED AND IN THE FUTURE WILL MULTIPLY 
I’m trying not to think dirty of what these lips are saying. (I really am but it’s hard) lol 
This is me when Wild Thoughts comes on 
Nigga we don’t care 
Collab! Please collab 
 Your the best
 queen
I'm screaming!! Katy Stan getting brave 
its so funny bc last night when some KCs and i were on house party this was exactly what we were talking about 
Not free
Look at his profile then ask yourself that question again 
I'm screaming 
y’all be reaching with these captions. 
no, she’s all-left 
djksjdksk i laugh everytime 
Same ahaha it's funny even after hearing it for the 73849th time 
hahaha it’s okay! yeah I agree 
I cannot with the kid's face 
Ikr
I love earl grey tea 
I don’t know 80% of the characters just thought it was funny 
 right
The text above 
He’s over here becoming famous for being wrong
same
Japan would be amazing, tbf. I'm no stoner but I know loads of people who love Amsterdam for that very reason 
...American though. Thanks for the measured discussion, doesn't always go like this on Twitter 
Yes she's leaving him but is in Brazil with the jonas brother...sounds very logical 
Doesn't really count with stolen posts though does it 
You will finally remove your Joe Jonas mask and announce that you and Sophie are getting married? 
Lol.. wtf
  lol “leave room for Jesus” then we get down to candy shop until the realized wtf it was about 
 right after they fire 
No. They aren't. You don't even live here. 
You live in Nebraska ... Yeah. That's better 
Cinnamon Apple lol 
So the choices are: forgive and forget instantly after a non-apology is issued, or ousted for all eternity. 
He’s also a moran who blew a 28-3 lead! 
im able to use them as like, stickers. but thats not what i paid $2 for 
Right lol 
How that drink taste? Lookin like a thirsty bum
Moist for that Bosak 
I still be doing this on a squad 
Yeah what a Moran 
The browns....nuff said
 can you see us ?
Well you butchered that name Chilled
"God, I love cocaine" 
Let’s go watch it 
Nothing more annoying then going in a building and having a guy aiming down their sights waiting for you like alright 
Awww yo I forgot. Those Fuckin Incendiary Shotgun Shells OP as fuck 
im just trying to be a positive influence on your life 
Heck ya! Don't have to use Subway Gift Cards anymore 
Hahaha if you say so
Know it’s true 
No
Dammm thats nice 
Nothing will beat it, the closest thing is the first flood encounter on 343 guilty spark. Scared the shit outa me 
Yeah right 
Good that we have neutron stars colliding otherwise we would not have engagement rings 
my heavens did you think I was agreeing with you. Oh sweetie you got alot to learn.
Love these 
“It’s learning” 
Maybe Melania will "use" it for her platform 
Russians hacked it? 
Ohhh you silly man 
Why tf is Bella there 
When most of these comments are about Taylor and karlie and not about lily dead 
I’m saying the society likes Bella i don’t care about her 
like i said I have my own brain to use to think. I don’t care about society 
Clearly i do 2 you decided to reply to my own person opinion 
You literally tweeted society is making you hate her! Lol 
I know what i said did you not read my other tweets ? 
Stan Twitter is something else 
Society sucks
Mindless kids with no backbone and easily swayed by media and mutuals 
yeah you’re proof of it
Lmfaooo i ain’t no Stan 
Like i said it’s unfair that Gigi gets most of the backlash 
 Now this is something I need to see you try 
I think soo 
I already asked that baby
 lols just seeing everyone comment on this and hating bryon watching Logan 
Do you know there’s an update to your phone? 
Omg no spoilers , I'm going to see it 
cRYING
waiting for B' like:
Omfg hahaha I'm dead 
 ordering now
The comments are really making my day 
Omg I just noticed that!
Says the Scot ruled by us English even after a vote 
Awww. Has your wee ego been dented and now you’re scrabbling desperately for a “burn”?  Bless.  
52 home runs by a rookie. What the fuck do u want from him? 
How big 
That's up to them. I think they're fine just the way they are. Marriage doesn't make you love someone anymore than you already do. Although, I would love to see that. 
At the end of the day we should only kill animals for good reasons out of respect. Either for our or sum one else’s safety or to eat not for fun and to keep there body parts cause if it were like this what stops me from killing any living form including humans
But he confessed in a letter he did it what is wrong with you 
Is it weird to say i live for this face?!?
Bro why did say that 
They've become ESPNs only chance at ratings and viewership 
Don’t worry about them Jordan, just hope you play well tomorrow 
Nice one jordan. Great round 
In the middle of a concert? 
Right im done on this topic. Next time i see some foul shit happening im gonna have the girl fight the dude with me 
Man Somebody change the subject 
Any of you nice young ladies looking for a man who gonna treat you right and also confront dudes who will touch you inappropriately? Hmu 
To say something isn’t racist or sexist because it’s true is the go to argument for bigots 
Lmfao yup ur mad 
I feel like i started all this 
Lmfao nah it’s all good 
At least my profile pic is me lol 
I got 5 on velveeta gang 
omfnn
 I'm not tryna fail lmao I just might delete the first tweet cuz I still got notis from that and Im just tryna chill now that I got my shit done. Especialy the other faggorito tryna talk shit for no reason I looked through his tweets and the man just chasing attention 
Lmao I didn't even say JUST white people or ONLY. Calm down Twitter police 
Calm down? 
Btw I wasn't trying to be rude up there ^^ I'm just in class and I'd rather not argue for no reason 
I am very humble 
Just drop it , you females love arguing 
Right!! Lmao for a simple ass tweet 
 i been saying
Aye I give you that no doubt, but lets be real here if anything its gonna be a dude shooting the place up. Not taking is sexual tension out on a girl who rejected him 
Its 2017 and she don’t know how twitter works! 
Lmfaoo you gonna get her extra heated with the make up tutorial comment 
Lmao I'm just coolin with my baby girl now 
Im done! 
 get em!
She can’t handle the heat 
also we pay out fees for muppets like Dan....... 
Lmfao and you replied 
At least one of y'all must be lying now. 
 Oh no that wont do he aight but eh I guess whatever floats your plane rap just slowly dying
 brooo this response has me fucking weakkk
I got my eyes on u 
So you are implying Drake is on the Down low?  Maybe he was jealous?
Im pretty sure you walked away with out slapping him and you took your time because he was a good looking guy 
Right fam! Lmao this dude confused af talm bout its a concert and too loud to stand up for yourself 
Now what the hell are you tryna explain 
Convo been over 
Bruh what?! 
Nigga that’s why i said ,she needs to open her mouth 
Do U NoT uNdErStANd tHe WoRDS ThAt ArE CoMing oUt oF mY mOuTh 
I’m not even gonna respond 
Here comes the next one! 
Bruh 
 i should’ve done this when i had the chance
Lit just got that too 
Yeah 
Holy Shit.... bob and vagene 
Bobs
 I am And Indian. But I Am Not That *Indian* 
You have a lot of exploring to do, bro 
Aye don't bring in the gujjus we ain't done shit
 Are U fyn? This  is a joke 
Atleast we are not causing trouble around the world... 
Same fam ! I was trying to study too 
Your right!!
You already know!
Lol... No I meant people at the track!!! I have (1) 2" critter too. 
Pistons didn’t beat Jordan in the finals 
I don’t know a single person who thought KD couldn’t hold his own 
Lol don't act like thunder don't use Roberson to guard the best perimeter player. And you're so scared of curry you double team him all the time 
Are you proud of SENATOR Al Franken? So the elitist Dems have a few skeletons in their closet you know besides the smooth criminal HRC 
REVEALED 
oh i know this 
Don’t quit your day job. 
Smoothie? Iced coffee? 
I hope. Let’s hope 
I'd say this about my twin. It's pretty normal to be an ass to them honestly. 
I LOVE THAT GUY!!!!!!  I can so relate!  I also love the guy who grabs his glasses and suddenly puts them on like "NO WAY!!! Is that who I think it is???"  
That guy in the middle didn’t even know he was 
How big 
That's up to them. I think they're fine just the way they are. Marriage doesn't make you love someone anymore than you already do. Although, I would love to see that. 
IM GLAD YOU ENJOYED 
I’m saving this
Yup, was my entry to console gaming 
If you can maybe you must 
Me and my friends played that so much 
Wow 30 thousand do you know that YouTube is not his main income 
You spelled Tatum name wrong
Done and that video at the end was so cringe
"God, I love cocaine" 
Let’s go watch it 
I get that's his job but he's been on Jake's dick for the longest 
Jake Paul just always does stupid shit. 
Also he's not leading any crown. There's people that probably have been doing this more than him but he's just the lucky one to blow up
But you guys Lost 
Heck ya! Don't have to use Subway Gift Cards anymore 
cause it is 
Legit tho 
I dont care what anyone says this joke was pure gold
Adding responsive dead body movement was possibly the greatest thing over created 
Nothing will beat it, the closest thing is the first flood encounter on 343 guilty spark. Scared the shit outa me 
You got to be kidding me , this was obviously a joke . The fact that you posted it as a reply not once but Twice , Makes you the joke 
Right! Does he do the same shit to kids watching a puppet show? It's not real! 
You don't have a clue Ted
 I’m out of touch cos I don’t watch wrestling!!! Good one! Please tell me more of these predetermined sports that you watch.
 All aspects of pro wrestling are fake! The only part that is real are the injuries and even that is questionable at times. If you think a multi billion $ business will leave anything to chance then you are the idiot! Everything you see is planned & coordinated. Simples!
hehe jim carrey i love you 
Just take my money now 
what a shocker, let's live in the place which is one of the few places in world that are called cities/countries from future. & then give opinion based on these places about countries that oppress women. standing ovation lady.
ACTUALLY, it isn't illegal in my country 
 oiii he sent Mascherano to the heavens and back 
Oh shit
The guy just dropped Mascherano's market value by a few million £'s serious devaluation of stock value na im happen 
“Nobody puts baby in the corner!” 
 girl I know because, same! 
Lemme just drizzle some vinegarette 
This is too good to be true...
 a just picture summer 
Surely dead right now 
They all look a little too happy for their king being missing 
Bro why did say that 
 your face Jonathan you definitely want that ice cream 
There’s no point wasting your time hating when your not going to change anything babes 
I don’t have £50 to splash around 
So we’re completely ignoring contractual obligations here? Like we’re just totally throwing the legal stuff out the window because you think she could have easily disagreed? 
Lol what money 
I agree the items are not worth £50 and I would never pay it, and I am also not a fan girl 
Boots have shown how willing they are to change prices by the fact it's half the price now! If some fan reviews have the ability to get the price slashed in half I think the mighty Zoella whose product it BELONGS TO could've changed the price if she wanted! 
Yet you’re only calling her out on it 
 when did I say you weren’t entitled to your opinion? I am also entitled to mine 
Yes she could have done it before yesterday, but when she's worked hard on something she thought everyone would like for it to be ruined by retailers, do you really think she's over the moon at the minute? 
How has she lied 
She doesn't have rights to it anymore, are you joking me 
I got my eyes on u 
Convo been over 
Right fam! Lmao this dude confused af talm bout its a concert and too loud to stand up for yourself 
Now what the hell are you tryna explain 
Bruh 
 i should’ve done this when i had the chance
Bruh what?! 
Nigga that’s why i said ,she needs to open her mouth 
Right im done on this topic. Next time i see some foul shit happening im gonna have the girl fight the dude with me 
Man Somebody change the subject 
Any of you nice young ladies looking for a man who gonna treat you right and also confront dudes who will touch you inappropriately? Hmu 
Lit just got that too 
Do U NoT uNdErStANd tHe WoRDS ThAt ArE CoMing oUt oF mY mOuTh 
I’m not even gonna respond 
Lmfao yup ur mad 
I feel like i started all this 
Here comes the next one! 
Lmfao nah it’s all good 
At least my profile pic is me lol 
I got 5 on velveeta gang 
omfnn
 I'm not tryna fail lmao I just might delete the first tweet cuz I still got notis from that and Im just tryna chill now that I got my shit done. Especialy the other faggorito tryna talk shit for no reason I looked through his tweets and the man just chasing attention 
Right!! Lmao for a simple ass tweet 
Aye I give you that no doubt, but lets be real here if anything its gonna be a dude shooting the place up. Not taking is sexual tension out on a girl who rejected him 
I am very humble 
Just drop it , you females love arguing 
Why do you want attention? 
Its 2017 and she don’t know how twitter works! 
Lmfaoo you gonna get her extra heated with the make up tutorial comment 
Lmao I'm just coolin with my baby girl now 
 get em!
Im done! 
She can’t handle the heat 
"in training" 
Wow.. your achievements for our Country are truly remarkable! Keep up the great work! You deserve a new hat 
I want this gif so bad lmao.... holy crap
Yes caught that one right away
You have no idea
Isadora Where is the  picture of you over heating 
Now this is what I am use to
 republicans weren’t butt hurt over the election, they took the loss and said hey this is our President. Dems took the loss and said SCREW YOU AMERICA.
I’m sending you one Susan.... 
Send several 

Okay.
Yes, I watch news. Have YOU???? Have you seen the protests at his arrivals? Not the red carpet the govt rolls out. I’m talking about the citizens. He. Is. A. Joke. Get me some LEGITIMATE SOURCES for your information.
There was actually a Crime that Nixon committed. This is hogwash and total nonsense. Still entertaining for Trump Supporters. Let us know how this impeachment stuff is working out for you. You just have 7 years and 6 weeks left of Trump's presidency. Enjoy the winning 
Did you miss the announcement Manafort, Gates, and Papadopoulos have been arrested? In case you missed it, Papadopoulos flipped and has told all. Manafort and Gates are on house arrest as we speak 
 You trumptards are delusional
Best thing I’ve seen all day!!! 
It was 0bama wire tapping Trump you losers..
 LMAAAAAAOOOOOOOO it’s called deluded.
Your “Sources” are from Occupy Democrats, your argument is automatically invalid. 
After all, they have members all across the globe, right? 
I THOUGHT HIS TALKING IN ENGLISH 
Lmfaooo 
Darn, you beat me by two minutes. 
Anyone ever seen a paddle boat go 0 to 60 in about 2 sec 
Thats gonna cause apocalypse to many 
One great thing about being home... looking at old pictures. This one from 2007 in France with 
Best game show EVER! 
Excited to be running against you..although you’ll have a head start on me 
I was so tired that day I don’t even remember saying that 
 I’m confiding in you guys
Easy dub 
Larry David is top 1 
The Dubs were all over NY yesterday 
The way 
When people take FOREVER TO PAY! 
He fell asleep opening his door...!
Haha we can take him to tipsy tiger 
Y'all are too good 
ralo a solid ahh nigga 
I’m like a huge 
 that nigga deleted his shit 
 MONEYBITCH HO BLOCKED ME FOR TELLING HIM HE DONT WANT THAT OCK SMOKE 
I really hate when people also say “El Paso is a small city” but in reality it’s like the 16th biggest “city” in the United States 
Not that good day but at least we got a Superman 
brings a tear to my eye 
Remember guys charm cycle is coming soon. So if you want to have a charm of a CHAMPION! Buy it now! 
Since it's almost Thanksgiving, I think it's important to note I'm thankful for being in silver and not bronze 
Just realised 
I managed to stock up on energy drinks in Malta 
When you can’t afford a cool costume so you just go as a 
YouTube’s got no chill! They are now deleting videos posted by Google 
Dude tried to buy me at 
I punched a duck and I liked it 
 Is this happening to the gimmick clubhouse? 
Hilarious - which I came up with that! 
"LOOK WHERE YOU EATING AT" 
I need some cooking lessons 
I am crying. Crying. 
I was asked if I wanted a specific picture on the set of 
I am dyyyiinnn laughing listening to safari with 
BEN - “TURBO TURBO POUNCE...DILLY DILLY” 
How bout them Cowboys?!?!

It still takes me 5 minutes to locate the button to "tweet". I'm really trying to get better guys 
Ss thinking work is all done...  Not so fast, kiddo! 
The artists finding the fun in fashion 
Olivia Pope running away from the truth like.. 
Sometimes your friends or your loved ones need a leg up. Or maybe in this case, they need a booty up. 
For sure gotta get 
2017 Christmas card what's up 
Fr stop this shit 
Maybe so 
When someone says "we're out of wine" 
This lucky pony met 
I mean 
Come meet me in Wales & Germany! My Mom and I made you a goodie bag 
When you're too scared to go on the big flume, so convince your mate to go on the gentle river ride with you instead. 
When you almost put a condom in your brew. 
BB-8, meet...BB-8! We're seeing double with these cute 
The best thing to come home to after a long, hard day at work (even if I did burst into tears with happiness when I saw it
 on whales 
and 
the naked cruise 
story 

This hoodie is going to be my strategy for thanksgiving dinner. 
That really sucks for the producers and cam op, but 
Still dont get why people pay £100 for m&g when he meets everyone anyway 
I copied and pasted the link and it looks like his website and a half 
 amir nearly falling off and Aston pissing himself 
actually glad I’ve warmed to 
Thank you Taika Waititi for introducing Korg into my life 
Zero fun is being had. 
Go ahead and tell them to prepare 10-15 seasons worth. This poor kid from NC will pay for it if NBC won't..... somehow 
 thank you for all the work you have done making 
Was just trying to watch your movie 
"Amir, how's your Kazakh?"

"Oh, same as it's always been... borderline non-existent." 


Did 
At Target and this little girl told me she's here for the 50% off Halloween candy, and I've never connected more with a child
Live look at my phone right now..... 
Where I slept for a year when volunteering for 
As you can see race car drivers and basketball players have a very small height difference
No better feeling then getting your car door finally open after locking your keys inside
He wasn’t ready
This is so lazy. 
A mood. 
In case you forget the lyrics! LOL (he says Gucci Gang 51 times including the ad libs) 
We Snapchatted this: merrelltwins 
THIS WAS MEEEEE 
Is my lower case i working now? 


Well that was a BLAST! Such a pleasure having 
Hello...it’s me...quoting 
This is what I’ll look like in 20 years! 
Behold my basketball championship trophy when I was 10 years old!!! We were undefeated...I only made 2 baskets the entire season!!! 
 with 
This is a paid tweet 
When the year 11s try take your footy
Horsham FC player misses open goal, then drinks a pint in the crowd. 
Funniest comment I seen was 'must of thought she was taking something out of the oven' 
This is brilliant! 
Stop what you're doing, the best football clip you'll see today is here... 
 forgot I got this on camera 
Client told us to choose video conferencing tool and that they would join w video and dial in w phone because they always find audio quality to be crap. I set the call up with 
Coming off twitter now for a good while,had ups and downs
Been told not allowed 
Called off for fog?
My wife's face when I showed her this! 
Game! Shot by me not 
For Halloween the 
I have no willpower
I'm finally going to give in to temptation today. I'm going to download Fortnite.

Who's going to teach me what to do?
Say what now? 
My pops mad drunk sending me IG video DMs hating on my mom being here 
Tag a mate that loves the John Lewis Christmas ads! 
It's official, I'm one of the fabulous 
Is it too early to put up Christmas decorations in the classroom?...asking for a friend 
“Ms. Hughs I love finding words in words! It’s like a wordception!!” 
But then again, don't HSers think everything adults do is weird? 
This made me laugh bc my students bring me chocolate often! My students know me well!! 
Question of the day???
I’ve got my whole class on OneNote and I LOVE it! No more hauling papers home, I can watch kids completing things in real time from ANYWHERE, & Ss (and me
We were randomly selected for a Gov't welfare grant of $9000 
I'm crying 
He forgot he was at work 
Taking care of my business, minding my business, and raising my credit score 
If you don’t know what a belt squat machine is by 
Lmao 
Did they get Richard Jefferson too? 
Ndi Imo, is the President of South Africa gone yet?
Jacob Zuma, whose Igbo name translates to 'keep stealing'.

The disrespect is unreal 
Why am I still up?  Cuz it was 80s night. Let's hope there's no photography 
Yes, we already called Soludo, when he endorsed Obiano. Remember this won't be his first time to go for Governor. Obi-Obiano-Soludo...in the end, Anambra will eventually shut out thugs, suspicious 'business men', TANNED philanthropists, all the United Bank for Africa(H)s, etc
 my bad bro. Had to give her credit for that bar lol
I forgot to tell you what happened on the tube the other day with this man  while I was reading 
Should I favorite that tweet 
SharkDog might be my new favorite gif 
Christmas Cookie Challenge starts on 
Probably the only category of sexy video I’ll be posting at this point in my life. 
Now that I just finished my SHORTCUT Thanksgiving episode, I'm getting ready to make FROM SCRATCH green bean casserole on The Kitchen on 
 Watching qualifying
Telling clean jokes tonight at the 
UCLA fans, our friendship is currently on hold until after the game. This goes for my family that are alumni and fans too. Sorry to say this now, but you were adopted. Ok bye and I’ll see you at Thanksgiving 
Any UCLA fans want to make a bet? Well too bad because I don’t gamble 
Thanking me for my service is really great. But giving me a playstation 4 with VR would really make me feel the thankfulness... What?... 
Today, 
Coach just standing there like "I'll wait..."
Remember when Raven got turned into a bunny? 
You see we got back up lil bra 
Me too!! Tune in on the 17th to 
My son created this 
Steph and JaVale bet on tonight’s Davidson-Nevada game 
This thread is the best way to start your Tuesday 
How did 
I Hope 
Agree! How many rewound to see what popped up on his phone? 
Is Phil taking a sh!te or having a fit? 
 weird seeing this from a profile without an egg for the pic
Apparently 
"He fast? He runs extremely hard." - 
No one is safe from 
Good to see the 
And the other dude saying 'babe'...but he ain't gonna win either way 
Jack is pure jokes 
Ahhhh shit 
I'll take those odds 
Ghosts of Halloween Past- Check out that last pic 
I just watched that movie today. 
Who wore it best? 
 saying nekkit & 
Virtual drifting vs. Real life drifting with 
When the community (e.g. the pigeon) try to reach out to 
This is so true.... great edit 
Is it bad if ur at a Journey concert & when Separate Ways starts you scream Kuntar at the top of ur lungs?? 
How is nobody talking about 
About time you pleb jk congrats my dude now if you could stop carrying me on a pad then that would be great 
Minutes later...WE HIT OVER 300! Thanks to everyone who has just subscribed and thanks to everyone who has been subscribed to my channel for this long! That’s some commitment to a boring c**t like me 
I’ll break my pad just for you 
I love you both...but it’s 
LOLLLLL 
To the Champions League we Progrès 
I put on so many layers that I was actually kind of disappointed 
It really is 
 this guy lost his wife bcuz of this interview ffs 
 maybe the Dj was too sick thats why 
AND IT RHYMES!! 
Absolute class nigh at the 
I've just checked and this is literally the only photo of us together all week 
When PIGS FLEW 
Anyone revising for medical exams. Please tag them! Gets some active myotome/dermatome revision 
Pretty much 
 is doing a Dave Grohl when he broke his foot 
3 of us have done our ankles now 
It’s just like Disney 
Had major surgery a couple weeks back and when they brought me round I woke up singing 
Can’t believe we had to make our way to our gig like this ! 
Okay this is amazing 
That’s a new one but thanks 
Just got hit with the iPhone 7 ‘charging / listening to music at the same time’ thing for the first time on this train & I’m actually screwing 
Just spent 5 minutes in the elevator tryna leave the hotel then I realised my rooms on the ground floor 
It says the other side... funnily enough 
Thanks. Great to meet you too. Always leave the customer wanting more 
Gotta love technology 
Y'all ever leave your house looking good af & your neighbors are outside & you wondering what they thinking??.. like this lil thot, there she go again 
Well on my way to the golden boot 
 to telling 
 that a lot of people don't know about. Me watching 
Salute to 
Sometimes, like today,it's 2 thirds
Very good watch, mad funny 
Hahahahahahahahahaha!!! Thats it they are coming out on thursday 
Playing #7/11 and I get stopped in the mix for me to play 
Brilliant way to start my day in Marbella. Butter chicken curry with tears of laughter 
 Marshawn is crazy!! 
Good Mornin! Monday! Before u start your week please 
 my 2016/2017 presenter showreel watch the full 3 min video here 
“Hold right my mum and her vagina” 
Kartel comin ya way 
yes I was! just after I fell over out the uber 
Garage skanks in full effect w / 
AMAZING: The final minute of 
I love that my littles end their 
“An extreme amount of energy” I’m taking this as a rave review 
After eating the hottest chilli in the world, I’m now recovering 
Stanley .... 
Don’t ever tweet me such nonsense next time I’ll block you 
Sign us up 
Not ANOTHER twitter account Charisse?! How do you keep up?! 
 you plonker!
Engine had a mis-fire/rough running. No prizes for spotting the fault 
Exactly, who wants both front wheels going the same way! 
I can’t tell you the amount of times my cape got stuck in that door 
 pranks her agent Adam during 
I HAVE ACTUAL REAL TEARS IN MY EYES! I was really tired this day 
Another new 
Me & my daughter cryin laughin love this show 
Expensive looking jacket ok Jason... Great Outdoors .... or Dealz 
It’s the Hollywood style budget and production values that I tune in for!! 
Arsenal stewards trying to sort out the FC Koln fans tonight 
When life has been so crazy it's Facebook that actually remembers you your birthday is next week 
When you leave your phone with 
Congrats on the debut 
Just found out I was a pointless answer on 'pointless' (funny that 
This guy is the best 
Good Vibes In Training 
 love it!
Moth into a butterfly. Peasant into a princess. White ducking into a dancing swan.
This is ONE moment you wait your entire life for!
The best hug I've had all year 
"I just noticed that DJ to your left - has he been there all week?"
"Yeh, he's playing some sick beats"

Got to love 
I need some practice 
No words for this one....
Best dressed racket re-gripper ever? 
This gave me a giggle 
"The Happy Pears" 
Trends for vegetarian v vegan v dull shown on screen via google trends for 
Thank you. Cannot wait to try. Will have to hide from 
When you and 
 Shout out to Mel!!!! 
Booking not essential but would be great if you could let us know when coming. Even if only an hour before.  Would love to have you and will keep 
No one wants that. 
Anyone relate? 
Get you a man like dis 
 look what I have waiting for me when I get home.. Well it is my birthday so why not 
Family goals 
We set 
Having the laughs with 
We'll call next time we need a tennis racket on stage 
Don’t know what I’d do without Gogglebox and these two 
18 hangry body builders & the legend that is Ainsley...
Please share - tag a close buddy that you will dance like this with after a few pints 
Unsubscribing. Reporting late night texts as spam. Setting auto filter on “you up?” messages to Trash. (This is not a real notification
Always looking for the good angles, still clearly haven't found that piece of nothing I always seem to stare at beside me 
New shotzzzzzzz! My feet look particularly boat like in this shot but I assure you they're a size seven (look a 15 in that pic) 
I want this dark hair again! This pic will also be my inspo for when I order a meal deal for two for one (ME) in future 
How emotional has the last 10 mins of 
RT if 
Our elections team is drowning in paperwork during the annual audit of the electoral register 
New day, new cakes, impossible to eat just one. That is all 
O am not drinking Guinness no matter what the top of the pint says 
 We have one of yours, Toby Banks, here as lifeboat crew! Do you want him back?
Huge thx 
Enjoying a lovely night out in Chester with the wife and guess what we're talking about!! (it has 3 wheels) 
Hahaha! This is SO accurate. 
Move over 
We are like loving this 
I laughed so hard a little bit of wee came out.... 
Even the critters at 
On that basis then, none of us will ever need insurance then 
Brilliant 
Revenge of 
And here’s 
After accepting a dare by 
Normal humour for 
When the bookies are offering 3/1 on PSG to take the first throw-in... 
As though you can stop it from happening with your journal article 
When I say "odikwa" you say...
Aunty gbemi is d head girl of bad gang 
I made it 
Chelsea fans where are you now??? Omfg 
I left Edinburgh yesterday morning, so far I've been in Paris,Moscow and St Petersburg! Wonder what will happen tomorrow
Good luck for service tonight! 
Finally got round to trying the 
funny 
Dying 
I knew you were multitalented but dam girl 
Too far??... 
Phil asked this youngster a question.

And got an honest answer. 
An amazing 
Lot of ways to vote!!!!! 
Just been sent this by 
The autocorrect is awesome cause I
Videos and interviews like this keeps me motivated. 
Still lolling at how 
Bahahaha this is amazing
Love this squad 
Y'all keep playing wit 
I did myself a favor today and kept the apartment tidy (for my health 
Had a bit of a bazaar day but slightly funny in certain aspects. 
Little kitty in the big city! NYC bound with 
Has your cat ever taken over your phone camera? Looks like foster baby Fizz is the master of selfies... 
Have just seen snapchats of Ronan Keating singing on a table at Julian Savea's house at 2am 
I wasn’t really a complete MMA fghter if that makes sense. I threw two kicks the entire time. Cormier was an awesome experience. I hit him once and then he took me to the ground. And that was that 
When the contents of your mini fridge are: Lime 
Was probably looking at a puppy because that's still my reaction whenever I see a dog 
GO BIG LEXI!  
Noooo not the Ports 
 lil bro jokes for the number count ! Love you lil bro
Checkout 
A fantastic day today. Pentathlon - fencing a big hit, literally 
Aye lil bro you keep ballin on that field, put some weight behind those hits 
Fasho ADub but Chilllllllll lol
This one too good y’all too crazy 
Can you say 
Mother before, during and after her first rollercoaster in nearly a decade. 
Good morning beautiful people... Here's a story about Troy Polamalu ruining my life 
Good morning beautiful people.. On today's show we learn about the time Usher brought Stevie Wonder to a movie premiere 
I havent quit laughing for 30 minutes now 
TAG a COACH

Seems Medically Legit to us 
The rule is simple: catch your release or... 
"If that happens to me, I'm gonna fake a hamstring pull!" -
Y’all.. look at this chic-fil-a rap video 
“Pop’s trippin.. He want me to come ask for my bike back..” 
Today at track: take a cool down lap

Student athlete:cool down?
Russ living his best dad life 
"Aye, Look at this shyt here"- 
IM ROLLING 
chill dummy 
When you love crazy niggas... 
 being on 
Niall knows how to shake his butt while dancing better than me
So I got a new tattoo today and my tattoo artist was saying "tattoos last longer than relationships" and he couldn't be more right
Austin told us a story on how he met George Strait 
HAHA THANK YOU!! 
My 4 year old Aïla just jumped of joy hearing she’s gonna visit the dentist tomorrow. Because they give out stickers 
 I'm so weak @ the ending 
Deadpool as Bob Ross. Your argument is invalid. 
Social media creates jealous behaviors over illusions, alot of these things y'all hate ppl for sometimes ain't even real shit in real life 
I be so ahead of shit 
So much fun having 
...when you get the most ridiculous message ever from 
That's how it looks and sounds like when 
That shot in a test match 
And look where his throw landed! 
Always nice to see a few familiar faces 
Sam: "Peter, look at that." And then the crowd noise as they realize we are about to finish 1-5 
Can't say I was too happy at the time 
Football fans around the globe, feel free to change 
Safe to say 
OMG amazing!!! 
So proud!! That hair though....
Bru I’m fuckin cryin 
Heard 
So my mum is off to a 'famous sportsmen' themed fancy dress tonight. Reckon she's nailed it
Father of 2 bro? Surely grandfather
THIS WEEKEND! 
We're in the 
I love you forever! 
“It’s always tea time.” - The Mad Hatter…& 
Ya we got bad food jokes! 
I have some new merchandise up on my webstore, including a Let's Go Girls wine tumblr, my personal favorite 
I know it's only just November, but I'm SO excited for Christmas 
 day 1 casualty: left sunglasses in Uber 
Now that we hear it on stage, we’re pretty blown away by that 
"Dave, you're going to love it." Leave it to 
Pre-Ragnarok release we had too much fun with some of our fave on-air personalities, re-creating the "Friend From Work" scene. Watch the hilarious bloopers now! 
Im wearing Timbs just in case something pops off 
 Red Carpet Confessionals... We've all pulled a 
Lmfaoo im weak 
I had so much fun doing the Ugly to Beauty Challenge Pets Edition with 
just realized there's a typo, oops! lol 
Hahahaha Come Get Sum! 
Lmaaooo jack Maynard got kicked off I'm a celeb 
When she doesn't remember the convo we had where I told her I bought it 
Every night I massage my eyebrows  with serum so they grow. This better work... 
I had a horrible dream that an old friend from school invited me to a party as a joke and didn't expect or want me to actually go. I was so upset 
The story behind this picture has me crying 
Literally cracked up after seeing this 
The best 24 hours of the year!! Donate, stream or go watch some live improv now in Chicago 
This is SO every mum 
GUILTY! 
Tag someone who'll want an award for this 
 same.
Baby brain. It's a thing. Even for men apparently... 
JK3 with the AACTA appropriate all caps 
Fave line of the night- it's a tie between 
Just started Bring Me Back, Oh my goodness 
Letting 
"Assuming the 500-mph, mile-long flight through the Mojave Desert does not kill him, Mike Hughes told the Associated Press, his journey into the atmosflat will mark the first phase of his ambitious flat-Earth space program." 
Acted as if fuck all happened 
I’m dead 
 
Roll on Thursday,
At the U.E.A,
My Melons Twisted till that Day! 
TONIGHT! Join us 
My parents both have 11 siblings each... so ya'll can understand why I don't look forward to family gatherings 'cause the intensity is multiplied 
Think we over ordered 
Oh no Margaret!!
I'll have you a bet,
Get up on your feet,
I'll write you a tweet,
Or a second hand sonnet.


Bless you...please don't worry about it...I speak gibberish all the time
 ‘s dance moves last night on Children In Need had me in stitches
This is fucking hysterical 
 loves on 
 great time yesterday at the Panto. Everyone was having a ball.....just like the Emperor!! 
Q: What happens when you put 
This lede 
Joe's throwing a wobbly and Scarlett can't watch 
Class of 2017, great pic 
she bought me my own set 
So MUCH work left to do... starting to regret a lot of choices 
Always 
 EXCLUSIVE: 
Well..... who said the Jungle wouldn't be fun! 
Jamie Lomas reassuring Fizz (I will only ever refer to her as Fizz) is the cutest thing I've ever seen... And he is EASY ON THE EYE!!!! 
Scared to watch I’m a celeb incase Jamie lomas is nothing like Warren in hollyoaks and it ruins my whole life 
yeee but most popular ass people that follow me on the gram or snap or anything ain't actually do anything 
This should be interesting. 
Taking over for 
 you do some mad shit you man, get half naked and drop on the floor it's hilarious to watch you should be a comedian seriously
Baby boy took carrots out his chckn soup, called them penises, & threw them @ me. Had to lay down law but so tuff keepin a straight face. 
Here it is: 18 timpani lined up for today’s rehearsal! If you feel the earth shaking this week, don’t panic — it’s just us playing Berlioz’s Requiem. 
"The average Common Market official - he has the organising ability of the Italians, the flexibility of the Germans and the modesty of the French. And that's topped up by the imagination of the Belgians, the generosity of the Dutch and the intelligence of the Irish." 
My favourite Google search prediction about my job: “do composers actually do anything?” 
I just bought some stuff for a ridiculous and logistically nightmarish video. I’m going to have fun with it, but will you? 
Whoever wrote this tweet just made my day 
Nice to see 
If you only read one thing this weekend, read this: Cheesecake Factory deconstructed  I promise it will be worth your time. 
How odd that my screenshot roulette brings up a pic of 
Have you guys seen this? 
This guy got stuck in a lift after peeing in it and shorting out the electronics. Can I just say that peeing in a lift is just wrong ... on many levels! 
This is how 
A swear in the M&S advert. Do you hear what I hear 1min 12 sec in? 
Great to see Justin Bieber helping out with the security and safety at the fire works over the weekend 
ha ha.  Very funny!
The replies on this thread are absolutely brilliant 
The moment 
Agreed! 
So glad I got to see the last night of 
People’s opinions on my personal life really do make me chuckle ... 
Aladdin Essex panto touring team intro video.. we are so cheesy! 
Like this pic!!! I want that 20
Thanks to the guys at 
 I’m leasing to 
 Happy evening my friends, serenity to all
 can you book the same weather again for next year please 
So 10 episodes in 
Table tennis swinging 
Here we go episode 10 “ rhinestone cowboy” our funniest yet , well for 
Recorded episode 10 of 
I've got so many blog post ideas for December and January but actually having the time to sit down and write them is a different story 
What a journey it has been to dance on this show and hopefully break some perceptions!Now they need to find someone who keeps their bum in!
Ahahaha! 10 seconds in & 
dead 
Payday please 
Boy bye 
Maybe next year 
Best feeling 
Monday Feels 
Too true 
Sorry I've been a bit quiet! Blame the baby 
I just find it amazing people actually read what I write as I’m a Billy no mates really 
This thread makes me so happy - I have so many alternative names for my dog that I can barely count 
Great timing Kelly! Going to be checking this out...(probably for myself because YES I LIKE HYGGE VERY MUCH) 
 attn: 
Potentially the best phone in ever? 
He should know that Content always come first 
This is definitely me 
This guy is always up to something... itstasc1 
Great angle 
See why The 
 these people who 'lost' their cars at the airport are giving me life.....suddendly I don't feel quite like an idiot
Can you see me in the 
Too much sauce 
Thieves
haha why should I be
We asked you to work your Photoshop magic on Zlatan - here are the best ones.
The Stevie G slip one. 
....such a good looking person sigh 
Yoooo champ, the lags are a lot here. 
He's lord!! 
 you the homie!
Errrr Thanks kwicky... 
Thanks luv
I'd watch that. 
My goodness
really hoping one of our founders will call their $25M round a pre-Series A 
Heard today from a founder:

I don't want to raise capital at a logical valuation. 

I want to raise at a psychological valuation.


Sorry I’m not Ronaldo but you’ve got me !! 
This guy just said "on a lighter note..." but there was not even a hint of laughter at the end of his punchline. He must not change his job 
He is coming up after the break 
"SOME"
Why do I feel like this Guys are subbing we Nigerians?
Damn this guy! 
beautiful clothes though
Jack Parow - Skop, Skiet En Donderweer (feat. Aewon Wolf & Sketchy Bongo) 
...this guy makes some typa music
 2 December
The DROP! When 
Aaliyah is one of them,J-Lo,Cardi b etc 
convo with my 13 yo. I assume SHOOK is a good thing. 
Lol,Chris how do u like your eggs?? 
Y'all having sex and then halfway through you say, "Cut!! Stand up, let me show you the proper way." and then want to continue? 
I cannot with this thread 
ukicharge interview 1m, show utacharge ngapi?? that's lame, ahustle shows where he/she can get cash, not extorting the media
 Best
Listening to my sons on the radio 
 They just played your skit on 
Stressful 
We just saw
You're hilarious & your energy infectuous!
.@kimengelbrechtis such a sport!
Inspired by 
Hollywood is not sleeping! The 
 I’m off dick. Be back on Friday. Hopefully you would’ve forgotten
 can we please let it go??? 
I regret asking all those questions. I hate going through the emotions over & over again
 come through George 
I hate listening to this 
Thank you. 

 no ways
 you have a wonderful mind
Can't go a day without watching this. 
Lol dis guy mara
Was never ready
 I feel sorry for abo Sne, Mbali, Palesa. Their names bantu.
Zimbabweans In South Africa Looking At What’s Happening In Their Country
 just gave us taste of December in less than 5 min. Yazi lo December uzoba nzima guys
She's such a character 
Nothing like laughter 
Lmao are yena odula malineng so he's planning to move because even police are not looking after him
This remix is so good it's got me swearing (in my head) 
I'm so high I'm looking at foodporn pictures 
Why are club Resident djs always fighting to play during a Guest Dj's set?!
Mans is shooting his shot before 2017 ends 
My new song is titled : "i be Naija boy "
Abi stubborn like naija boy
i get money like naija boy
i deh confirm oo like naija boy.
me abi naija boy..
i get big house like...
fleet of cars like ...
but inside my heart 
inside my soul
me abi 
 I dey wait ihn wedding day
I conf 
Midsem Results released and I’m shocked... First class no be who collect extra sheet ampa 
niggas are really out here fucking people’s girls and subbing the guy on this platform. then the girl will come and quote with ‘
He’s so good 
If I was rich id be on IG not Twitter 
You Zims don't know your stories ne
Please on your next ride. Come for my fone 
D a t e  N i g h t 
The vlog is trash just a heads up 
Got a new fav gif.....i will constantly use this for no reason at all 
Lmaooo i couldn’t do nothing but smile dawg they were going DUMBBBB 
If rico nasty hits my jay at the concert I’m putting it out, putting it in a glass box, n putting it on the shelf above my bed 
I’ve been looking for this video for years 
LOOOOOL THIS IS THE BIGGEST TROLL OF ALL TIME 
 all those pervert uncles. Did a Yoruba spin to chief Stephen osadebe
Some monk gone rogue because he wants to grow his hair 
.. we finna add that
Casually featured in The Sun online for my love for 

Find out what makes a Yoruba Demon a Yoruba Demon.
Check out brand new 
 lmaooooo.... I swear you're me 
am not sick but I need it
I know already I have started looking for another job 
This 16yrs old boy is missing please if found return him to lima or call 08024557830 for any of ur events he knows how to kill shows. He was last seen looking fly like this with a bag full of bobo & cheesball inside his backpack. 
Any news pls cantact 
Passion is addictive the clock can't even keep up with it. If it's not pass 3am am not ready fii sleep. Just like u
Bovi and igosave. 
Hint: Men can BALL Sha.
RT if you see it!!!
Yahoo Guys using a lady's profile to send me friend requests, 
CONTINUE. I'm never a ladies freak. 
YOU CAN'T SCAM ME!!! 

 She’s Available 
"Living on coca cola budget, Owa lonra rosey" 
And that’s how a single retweet ruined a whole relationship 
Some of you producers need this in your lives.  . 
 is hilarious!the person with the "bestest truest realest funniest" story gets 20k!oya let's go.
Eat a lot??? 
I'm laughing in Japanese
Wowwww. Did this nigga just lie about having no more smokes after he just took a drag? 
same sis. I just pick out the ones business related.
W can't really respond to all dms can we?
The last two photos 
Yea totally, I totally play track. Like how is that even possible 
Guess I’ll sleep with this lil fan since my fat ass head brother wanna stay out all night and come take the fan like a nigga ain’t been up since 2 in the morning 
Why that man playing with us like that 
How I
funnyboneofficial is AMALA in Watts Camera Action's hilarious 
senatorcomedian is FRED in Watts Camera Action's hilarious 
Certified LPM (Laugh Per Minute)
Lolzzz
Wtf is this shit 
 I am something...I have furry ears with a cute nose. What am I? 
Good Afternoon!  This is my prayer for you, 
STAAAP!!!!!
 I’m trying 
Play me 
WHAT THE FUCK IS GOING ON HERE.
You can't really blame Zeb for wanting to finish this mission asap when you consider his "civilian" outfit. 
Ques brought a fed in 
Dozens and dozens? My mom must have been stuffing the ballot box again!! 
 Honestly it will always be cringe-worthy for Africans. Because of socio-political implications, but also b/c it just sounds weird to us. Like it’d be weird to hear of someone traveling to North America. I know you & knew you’re going to multiple countries & yet still..
Don't expect a high position when I'm in  
There was no chill when making this person. 
Me: *puts food in bambi's plate and says goodnight* 
Bambi: (10 mins later) *scratches on my door* 
Me: *opens the door* It's time to sleep baby, what?!
Bambi: *walks to her empty water bowl* 


Can I also come?  I love her also   
"What did you bring for me?" ...in a conversation with someone 'not close', is remotely as awkward as "dear" sounds in the mouth. 
The fam actually having something this year so you know it's bout to be dumb lit 
Lmao serpent ways 
Lol this is a plan until he gets tired and gets your sisters number, 6months later you're a bridesmaid at their wedding 
I think TP are soulmates on the daily but at the age of 12 we both were obsessed with Matt & Jeff hardy and wrestling 
If we have a child we better pray they get a sense of humor from school... or a friend or a stranger or anywhere really 
I don't have malaria in Jesus's name 
Feeling super safe between these two Mobsters that got my Back
My boy’s PAPANBARI challenge by 
 pulling an 
Big Shaq is proper funny but right now for me i think the joke is on Americans that actually think he is serious 
Thought I’d seen it all in a nightclub, until I saw a man doing press ups behind the DJ booth. 
We're trying my don 
Big up. Not everyday Fiesta, Playground, Filthy, One Day & Trippple Bounce in the rave 
 chill levels 0
The truth will set you free, but first it’ll piss you off 
VIDEO: Benn brothers get physical as parents look on 
Javale McGee and Steph Curry are making gentleman bets on college basketball games and it's amazing 
Pretty much. 
 You see this? 
Sometimes, jokes can go too far... *ahem* Isaac. 
hobo clowns are the most dangerous because they’re hungry 
 Mood
Ain't nothing y'all could tell me to convince me that Jaylen Brown wasn't young Bleek in Mo Betta Blues. 
Legit mentioned meeting 
OHMYGOD 
We’ve officially turned on the heat and whipped out the down comforter like winter is upon us 
I have watched it every year and will do so for as long a possible (my kids hate it as it’s old 
Fading into oblivion 
One of the most ridiculously funny fun shows I've ever been part of 
Dolphinitely not what he expected 
From commissioner to commentator?! 
When life knocks you down but you don't wanna give up 
These guys been wildin lmao
Hilly Hilly Hilly Clinton 
Bruh
Please tell me this is real 
“Do that” 
"Say cheese!!" -max, "I can't, I don't eat dairy" -me 
 via 
Last year a stitched art work of the 
It’s meeeeee!!! 
Trust me. Your complete and utter dragging of that privileged, entitled, ill informed nonsense was hilarious 
Em tell Paul that is Priceless 
That’s the best thing have ever seen you don’t mess with Martin Murray one hard man 
Amir Khan is going to do every trial after that 
 my daughter as Mrs Brown for Halloween 
Still think this is the best costume ever. My bro 
WINNER: Tweet of the weekend. 
Soaked today but glad to have a shower
Nowhere Fast's 
He's a man with simple tastes is 
Lol what an experience 
WORK ALL DAY TOMORROW with 
This time last year waiting to skydive into the 
Some of the names for this years 
Need something to do during the int. weekend? Stevie G & co are playing at the 
Cheers for the 
Cracking day... but crashed and burned against some serious players! 
Why do people ask so many questions?!?! 
Spirit Fingers 
We are blowing it.
......atleast for this night.
We are scoring from corners . yaayyyyy. 
....this is lit 
Heard he resigns but didn't step down
.......finally all na the same thing. He is out. Shikina
We all have that friend whose nickname is more popular than their real name 
And I thought I’d be interested until I found out about seating arrangements 
You know your mum is missing you when she starts finding any reason to text you 
I ask her if she wants to come to the gym with me and she shows up in all her new kit...
When your fitness trainer puts your username as 'smallcalves' thanks 
'I come back and he is dating a dumpling' 
This is my gazing out of the window pose. How did I do? 
Why so serious 
we do take a break smtimes 
Changing dirty nappies at half time 
3 games before 2pm - I actually can’t walk!!! 
When you feel like you’re safe... 
All I have to say is 
Ever feel like someone is laughing at you? 
The long hair days! 
Full send! 
Party wave! 
Very happy to make finals. Going down tonight. There is a Livestream somewhere starting at 19:00. 
"You don't have to do the voice."
When you think you've got the lingo for ordering in ANY restaurant. 
If this doesn’t hit straight on what all the sports networks be doing 
This is actually so comical 
My professor:
"President Holland when asked if UVU will get a football team said, 'If we get one, I'm afraid BYU would want one too.'"


Olivia has called me twice this morning because she's been lost at UVU. If you see a wondering freshhhy plz help it's probably my sister 
I don't think hoops will be her thing 
Hahaha I'm actually okay with that 
'do you know who I am treacle?' bruh I'm dying 
This man dancing to Michael Jackson's ‘Remember The Time’ at a recent Janet Jackson concert absolutely KILLED IT. 
Watching URL rap battles and if 
The music 
My bad 
Thank you! It all goes downhill from here though 
I need to know 
Just realized I'm watching a censored version of Office Space.

"No-talent rascal." 
Look, I'm a GIF! 
Pops looking like he’s about to be on a magazine cover, huh 
Bro if you watch me I had no clue where to go
 watch at 1:35 
I’d be hella mad 
So the saga begins 
Tell you something that taxi driver from the airport was legendary
Guessing Steven MacLean got booked for that goal celebration then? 
You know those running dreams where you can barely move? I've started having running dreams where I'm running fluently 
Had the last 100 days off. Still averaging 18km/day this year 
When you see your boy getting stats live on snapmap! Wowee. What a time to be alive 
Came to support the Bro 
Shannon sharpe shot his shot and was successful salute 
Some laugh Ma man 
Me and chopper... back in the day 
Had the best time yesterday morning at 
Ever seen this side of coach Mac? Helpful, yet assertive! 
Oak park should win a few games with these guys: LOL 
Hahahahaha. Who?! The environmentalist wing of the nasty party? Have a day off! 
No, they don’t. 

However, I stood with the great people of East Lothian and happily booted you out of Parliament! 
 when you hit the spin before the drop I knew you were about to snap king 
Someone’s got some dance moves...I see you 
This is the best video I have ever seen 
"Lieutenant Watson Ice-cream!" - JJ Watt 
When they catch you in public and ask why you never texted back ......
The funniest video on the internet right now 
Proud of u even though u forgot to mention I was right there with u through those Bama workouts
That's just a great quote 
What is this 
"We're not done. I got you - I'll call you back" - 
 too big for all dat 
He’s a Douche Lord 
Ummmm. Guess 
I almost downed a whole helmet on my own in September 
Ima make them big bro 
Never gets old 
It resurfaces 
Lmaooo I’m crying at the cut block
Welcome to college basketball lil bro 
Mood x1200 lmao. Sometimes that’s the mindset u gotta have 
When you get on base for the first time in awhile 
No Wichita State slander on my timeline 
Smh I just seen this
One of a kind type of team
He almost made it out the car 
The faces you make when you watch a strike go down the middle...
haha you guys, my brother's dog was on the cover of a magazine and this is what they wrote about him 
Too good to not retweet 
It’s rivalry week. 
MOOOD!!!! Birthday in 2 hours!!! Turning 21!! 
NO WAY!!!
Must be nice bruhda. I just never got my fumblerooski call from 
Uglyism at its finest... 
Dwight Schrute handing out bear facts and puns over here 
I truly root for Lonzo Ball cus people want to see him fail cus they don't like his dad. Fuck those people and their sad lives 
Yo this is way too smooth
Especially in Texas you gotta check if it's the hot 64 or the cold 64
“ When They Start Shooting At The Club “ 
This 47 piece on the Popeyes menu tho
Grampa just told me he's gonna leave the night on... ok 
I swearrr
Y'all too much 
 I'm crineeeeee ! 
Ref must Ref in the hood on the weekends 
New BBQ sauce coming by 
At night I sleep with the tv on not cause I'm watching tv but cause my tv be watching me 
Just got back to LA... Been gone 2 days and it's feels like 2 years 
I need this same energy off da snap this year Los 
They got a home run on the first play 
fr. Stayed playing them
I’m CRYIN!! Snoop really be the voice for all of us and how we feel 
they played high school musical in the club 
2+2 that’s 4 minus 1 thats 3 quick maff 
Leonard Fournette: "The NFL is a lot slower than I really thought.. It was actually really easy" 
Those Halftime Oranges were 
“university of Miami is not in Miami, it’s not even in Florida” wise words from 
Aw! Lol we had too much fun this morning. Thanks for dealing with my crazy self Lyndsay! 
i swear it wasnt
Hahah u know it.. 
I need a remix of 
Most infectious laugh award goes to 
“You know, there is a member of Congress who has been supportive of women for many, many years. He is quiet, he is confident, he is powerful, but he has impeccable integrity on all of our issues.”

—Maxine Waters on John Conyers October 28, 2017 
Multi-tracks for Reckless Love now available for all you thirsty worship leaders 
Kids asked 
You can say whatever you about who got into who's head. All I knw u better fight back or from here on out everyone will try you. 
How fridays having  you at the end of day going home!!! 
Clients got me giving them wake up calls before their appointments I swear other docs don’t do this 
And I'm not bad at injecting either 
Not the world? Or England? Ok at least give me London 
Omg I’m actually loving Amir his friend has an eel 
The Denis flick 
Bless Amir but 
I love Toff 
My phone bill will be high this month.. only 1 person to vote for the trials 
 This is BRILLIANT! Absolutely genius. Dude, B, I’m dead.
Our MCs commanding band solos 
OMG. This thread. It is so much more than a meme 
Dead 
My favorite thing about this is all the replies. 
The butter knife tho 
Who can relate to this? 
watch till the end 
All these 
Chad seems as clueless about the Big Brother experience as Jackie Stallone was and we know how that ended 
What you get when you don't shake hands at the coin flip 
I’ve just been informed there is a Charlie Brooks appreciation group... it has 2 members 
Can you be my superwoman 
LOOOOLLLL AT AMIR 
I love sleeping. You don't spend any money or miss anyone. 
Don't no what ide do without 
 is the new 
Some one is not happy that I woke her up. 
 on the road so far this season? 
i love how hyped 
Linda telling 
I am pissing my pants watching this right now 
so much PIVOT happening 
SPOONFUL OF CONDIMENTS CHALLENGE WITH THE GIRLS 
Richard Leonard elected Scottish Branch leader today, immediately told what to do from London... hilarious 
Who thinks this is comfy? 
Revival of Uk Funky coming at you like ..... 
 
Can you guess who 
November 19, 2009 
TFW you stream the 
 rookie mistake 
My daughter asks for bacon every time she wakes up in the morning. 
STOP IT 
Any cunt need a pony !!! Loves kids 
IF THATS WHAT YA WANNA DO ON YA HONEYMOON IM YA MAN 
STOP IT !!! Movin up and down side to side like a ROLLER COASTER 
Funny how my dog just loves to have her head out the window going 100ks an hour down the highway with the wind blowing half her head off  but as soon as I blow in her face she loses her shit 
 dunno about that but I try my best! 
Our production team hung up a picture of 
When you have a day off in Sweden you find a Swedish horse track! 
Lance 
Ding-a-ling.. You definitely can't listen to that track with the lads in the whip 
Live band just finished performing ‘You Got The Love’ and when it all goes quiet a girl asks if they know any Vybz Kartel.. Brum never changes 
I bet 
 You’ll be just fine. Thank you very much Hanna 
Much love brodie 
As I was reading this I started singing it 
Thanks bro, ive been working on it 
Wait for it. 
That’s for life though 
But first I gotta get my there’s right 
Never one to shy away from a outdoors naked Shower 
“@Wow_Vine: LMAOO Tf is this 
@_NappyFroBoy bruh I'm jus now seeing this 
Rap session earlier
Loooool i dunno why i find this so funny
Go watch full video on unilad 
When you see your boy in the rave 
Even walking on the treadmill was an effort today 
Certainly was not prepared for 
When your Amazon Dot loses her shit, when a character on tv is called Alexa 
Ever used the 1:2 ratio while cooking rice and things didn't work 
I remember Netherlands against Spain and he made pique and Ramos look so stupid even ho they knew what he'd do 
 that’s how I feel about you lot every game with your strikers
Jeremy Kyle 
 vibing midweek feels 
Man like big shaq knows da ting off by heart obviously 
Beto: Guarda-redes full-time, ninja em part-time. 
This shop is killing me 
Ciara trying on Russell’s High School jersey.
“If I had known you in high school we would have had bout six of these kids”
“babe STOP” 
Well Stanley 
 This sounds so personal.
....i feel like i should say no to this answer..
When I'm about to go to shower but the water is cold 
Mum told me to go for your parent teacher conference, can't wait to get all the dirt on you
my brother: I will give 200 rwf to keep quiet 
me: I am not cheap
I don't know. I think it's bs to disqualify 
Happy birthday to this old man 
Look who stopped in! 
Ngo gutamikana 
Guetta & Garrix all over Dysfunctional Acid!! 
Ever heard of Roost Gear? That was my 1st free set 
Comedy for you on ST Movies 
We know it's Monday but if you need something to make you smile on the way to work this morning have a listen to this taken from Annie Mac & Charlie Sloths show last Wednesday 
Got too gassed when 
Who needs enemies when you have such friends. 
What a game for Sevilla! As for Liverpool 
Never too busy for a dance party... 
Getting stuck right in at 
 has a great energy live. When he said Pamela was in the room, I genuinely peeked around to see if Pamela Anderson was in sight 
That comment
Babes we all know you’ll be doing that because it’s not like anyone will be invited to watch this moment 
I’d be so fucking pissed off 
Went to a guitar shop on our day off to try out some pedals!...I think I'm in love 
When your vegan friend turns so vegan she accidentally calls someone "Kale" 
Never happens
I’ve never had so many “hey big head” messages in my life 
There’s always that ONE person in the room 
Lol Kevin trys to do Thanksgiving dinner by himself 
The 70th Wedding Anniversary of The Queen and The Duke of Edinburgh. Wonder what The Queen got The Duke of Edinburgh?. 
This always cracks me up 
What gives 
They wasn’t on no games at 
Hope this guy from 
I always fancied a taxi ride till I saw the lack of space yesterday on that, we said fluff that for a game of soldiers 
As if riding a MotoGP bike isn’t hairy enough 
It's ok 
Great time this morning with 
When your teacher is also the school drug dealer smdh 
My favorite text all weekend came from my little girl...
Currently laughing at nothing to keep my self from balling..
I'VE NEVER FELT THIS UNCOMFORTABLE IN MY LIFE! 
I did not wake up like this... it takes a bloody army 
When you're not blessed with good hair? Have a best friend that does hair extensions 
At least Jan has our back 
Game on biatch! 
Multiple failed attempts at using the “portrait” feature yielded these classics 
Someone please do this to “Shadows Inside” and send it to me. I
The honor was all mine. Outstanding program. (The 169 aint too shabby either) 
A7. Not very well. All tips welcome!! 
We were hauling ass until we weren’t! 
Welcome to Bristol City Jose .... "pop in to the office for a drink after aye "  
Apologies for Molly’s piercing bark 
You guys, my husband is really wonderful. Why would he marry me when this is how I respond to his wonderfulness? 
Fun filled night! Writing songs about avatars 
This chicken was living in a tiny cage before she was rescued. But now she runs the house, and her mom even lets her play on the computer 
Josh’s favourite 
Omg lesson learned: do NOT put a frozen pizza in a waffle iron 
Watch what happens when we try to put chocolate in a corn dog machine 
Why y’all do me like this? 
When over 2000 adorable British accents are passionately singing your most profane song. 
I'm the one guy in the room who doesn't talk much because I'm looking for escape routes in case of a zombie apocalypse 
I just wanna walk around 
I miss the days when I lived w/ my mom. There was dinner made every time I got home. Food is much better when someone else makes it. 
This Marseille fan got a chance to take the ceremonial kick off. And he didn’t waste it 
This couldn't have been better timed tbh - bottlers 
Love your loyalty Diva!! 
Genius! & now we know 
 my little bro max happy to get 
Judathan?!? Do you know something that I don't.. 
Looking at your phone and finding a pic from last night with this ledge proper nice geezer...
Here’s another one. Hats of to the brilliant 
 look what the 'Kevin Spacey ate my Brain' team got on the cards tonight 
And "Granny's added Poke."?? Too good. I want some of that. 
Just when you thing you’ve got everything possible Union Jack - this arrives today - You guys !!! 
Food coma ft. Louise. 
It's been a great 
"Eat more." 
"We're learning a lot about rich people today." - 
Gotta have a heartbeat! 
 this guy
 now u know! 
Had to share! 
While I’m on the subject, here’s to my OG crew. Three decades and almost everyone’s hair looks better... 
I see u found ur match 
Very provocative like you Bagonza.  Why wouldn't you like him?  
Absolutely loving the 
Lol yup ya caught that 
Thanks apple memories for punching me in the heart this morning 
If you only read one thing this weekend, read this: Cheesecake Factory deconstructed  I promise it will be worth your time. 
 lmao about South Bay description. Manhattan and Hermosa, so true. 
Excited to be running against you..although you’ll have a head start on me 
 lots of screaming, body thrashing and tea afterwards! And the fear of 
Hello hello! What's your favorite Thanksgiving food? (If you're not in the US ... try your best to answer 
Of course of course 
I've probably never seen anything funnier than 
Loved when 
It's ok 
Maybe so 
Dear 
When 
YOU GOT ME! 
My frickin' guy! 

(This was a dead street, we weren't stopping traffic 
When people take FOREVER TO PAY! 
Pretty sure all our 
I taught my niece how to say okay, the right way..... she took it and ran with it. She’s three, still. Btw. 
Life 
This is brilliant! 
mom's of t1's, we REALLY appreciate you -but this is totally you
For clarification, that's not what we mean when we say it's "green" rated seafood.   

First thought when that direct deposit hits your account on payday  
As a researcher studying the societal impact of algorithms, I did a double take on reading this headline, then checked to see if I’m asleep. 
Maybe so 
Tag a friend who would do this to you! 
Multiple failed attempts at using the “portrait” feature yielded these classics 
Someone please do this to “Shadows Inside” and send it to me. I
This is why you're the best, 
This one is my favorite so far 
We can so see 
Something to make you giggle on a Sunday morning! 
Looks like people like Jos' comments. 
 As expert analyst 
Told Cash we needed to do his hair for school this am. He asked, what for?  I said, so you look cool.  His response...I already look cool.  Little punk!  
I hope y’all know that video’s edited 
His daughters steal all his thunder, don't they? 
Please keep a lookout 
Brilliant from the Panama ball boy. He did what he had to do 
Hilare! 
He. Is. Hilarious. 
Got to wear a bit of leopard print in the jungle 
Where can I get matching pyjamas for me and my chihuahua 
Such a fun show with my boyos 
We're so like the sex and the city girls... 
Highlights of lastnight's 
 Shannon gave Lydia the LOOK OF DEATH 
Oh.... Oh dear Amir.... You really are making this too easy, come on!!! 
 Just a little jungle throwback to 
How beautiful and delicious looking are these? We will be pine-ing for them until they hit stores in mid-December
Next joke, next joke: I bought my mum Mary Berry's cookbook for Christmas, I tried to get Paul Hollywood's but he'd sold out 
I used to make such an effort. Now it's a miracle if I brush my hair in the morning 
'Wise he so small' 
Honestly 
!!WARNING!! Very very cute clip of me performing Macavity from CATS at 
Can someone just tell me who dies in season 2 of 
Anyone else watch action movies and think about all the innocent people who get caught in the cross fire with all these shoot outs? Like damn you’re just gonna crash into traffic my dude???? 
See yer Da called into the radio this morning saying minimum pricing is the "SNP courting the gay vote" 
 Well done Sabah and Luke for interviewing 
Yessss cotton sis for the jail tradeeeeeeeee! 
LMMMMMMAAAAAAAAAAAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Mae Martin 
 you and 
Big big thanks to all who tuned in to 
Have you seen this TV show called 
Teaching my mom how to take pictures 
“New couple alert! Me and my bed” 
Tourist to his son in Times Square:
“You gotta be careful. These people walk like they drive here. It makes no sense” 
I was born in the morning so I’ll be fine if I get to you I love love to see how you’re feeling today love love and love. 
Fascinating to see if Manchester City are the same silky-skilled, vibrant powerhouse without David Silva. Notwithstanding such a tremendous squad, still think he's their major puppeteer. Presumably he's resting for us on Sat
tfw you’re at thanksgiving and the yams are candied just right!!! 
Miriam Lord - This was fun 
All the Northern Irish accents you could wish for + Chris Hadfield 
STILL LAUGHING! 
Got a package this morning - 
I thought I’d parked in your spot or something! 
Air Force Trump bout to bless the skies next year 
Just heard a woman on Moore street call 
It's like a bad naff brekkie show 

'They're famous, it'll work' 
I just got ID'd in a pub in London 
Have you ever seen such a confused 
The best way to check your meringue is stiff... 
Gym prayer points 
Random night shift encounters! Has anyone lost a flamingo? 
This should get song and video of the year! 
At least 
Straight off the pitch into a 
... I had to add my girl Lee lee face to all my emojis
Martin be firing PAM UP!!!!!!! But her be nice too... so I’m confused 
Great look you’ve got there Tom! Don’t tell me it’s another restaurant 
Why thank you kind sir! 
These photos are hilarious 
Not sure which is more scary 
Headline of the year 
I hope 
Always the best feeling. Rt if you can relate 
Our elections team is drowning in paperwork during the annual audit of the electoral register 
What a journey it has been to dance on this show and hopefully break some perceptions!Now they need to find someone who keeps their bum in!
Don't know if I'm more annoyed that i messed up the anecdote about 
Well that was a strange one!! 
What a fun dance!!!Had a great time on that dance floor tonight!May be lacking some technique but you have to enjoy the moment
love this!!
Have to say thank you to 
Welll.... i think its fair to say that was not my finest dance thus far 
“Debbie McGee your a lucky women” - 
From one spice girl to another one 
I don’t think is a good idea 
And seem to think Windass is their worst. He’s statistically one of their best performers, yet they blame him for their teams defensive failures 
He's defo sold his winners medal from that day cause he's skint as fuck! 
Conor is a madman 
Best part about living with a singer is forcing them to perform for you every nigh 
Old couple bickering in the dentist waiting room. He says he’s spent 54 years paying for her, so it’s her turn. She turns to me and says: “Bit of advice. Never get married.” My hero 
Just told my Nanna I might have a cameo in panto this year. Apparently she can’t attend. Haven’t told her the dates yet 
Thank you, teeth have been put back into place 
 scenes at the Belfry
Yep that's definitely supposed to say contract 
Quality 
"Lions, they don't recover like humans."

"We're doing the lions thing again, yeah?"


Lee Sharpe on Eric Cantona and his red against Crystal Palace 
The Pop-mobile got the best upgrade ever.

We must have missed this episode of 'Pimp My Ride'. 
Sorry boys. The only decent shot I hit all day 
Bored so i thought id take a Selfie with the selfie gnome 
You don’t wanna know what I think of West Brom, we’re on tv. 
 Shout out to this gentleman, with the most polite and diplomatic protest of 2017 
Brilliant 
Too busy checking my DM's 
SNAPCHAT FREESTYLE 
 got me dying on snap chat 
OHMYGOD 
Looks like she is missing doggydaycare to me 
Okay, I’ll stop with the pics (soon) but I admit this one is kind of cool because I look really tall. 
Feels a bit like ‘I’m RELATED to a celebrity get me out of here!’ 
At Twickenham watching england win! My boys both score in a 7-0 luton win! Just waiting on the hammers and toon to make it a proper carling day!!! 
Women are trash 
Relatable 


Crackers not happy.... Surely they can't take another one off you?!


"That was my twin brother, who knows nothing about football!"


This absolutely killed me 
Who made this? I'm dead 
Everyone meet my friend Jesse Mill
Throw back to when I try to take 
Winner winner Chicken (Pie) Dinner!
It’s crazy I still can’t get the Ap going on my new phone, without losing all my followers etc..I’m devo.. you’d think someone from Strava could help.. tut tut 
If you fall... dust yourself off (literally) and get straight back on it! Ok... maybe check for broken bones first 
I knew it didn’t all go to charity 
 Great observation skills 
Is it me or has Francois Turbot from 
whenever I’m off ill my mum always gets mardy I’ve not cleaned or something like no hun if I felt up to doing stuff I’d be at work 
Imagine sitting next to a pregnant lady in the movies only for her to pull her stomach out and have hella food. I would die laughing at that moment 
sorry it’s less time consuming* 
‘I like vanilla milkshake because it reminds me of ice cream without the chewing less effort’ 
‘it doesn’t even say what qualifications you need, I’m over qualified’ 
We’ll see Andrea 
 STFU bruv
It’s ok. 
Hell yeah 
Look who turned up to see Jez and Billy 
I don't think so 
Word 
More bad news for 
The most exciting thing that happened at Wembley last night 
This how they think i look In Toronto. 
 When a Woman put that fear of God in you tho..... 
See you in the Europa League, Spurs 
Congrats on the debut 
This Saturday myself and top man 
Nobody should call 
SPOTTED: Man vs Poncho at 
This is great 
Nice!!!! 
I'd kick my own a** if I ever caught myself tweeting things like this about players on a team I'm a "fan" of 
You already know what I'm trying to do to these rude customers 
Hello Tuesday 
That Alex jones face 
Shoutouts to 
 Mate, that properly made me laugh! 
Yo Ak is wild 
The Boost got 
 DAT MUDDA FACE DOE 
 is friendship goals! You can feel the love but also the willingness to kill each other. 
Dude tried to buy me at 
We love when the contestants use Mr. Wonderful's words against him. RT @swcentz: 
The best thing to come home to after a long, hard day at work (even if I did burst into tears with happiness when I saw it
Here for it 
Guy wakes up from surgery, asks to see nurses tits 
 energy is unmatched. 

I quickly realized I wasn’t 18 no more when my old ass bones started to hurt during they set 
That time you launch a 
Two more nights to catch the legendary "Lovemaster" Craig Shoemaker! 
I feel like I’ve power napped in every bathroom of every venue before I’ve played my show on this tour and the tour before this one 
Thanks for watching!!! Fear - Death = Thrills 
TK, what you call zero qualifications we call an outsider not beholden to special interests 
Soooo if you’re interested in seeing 
I wasn’t as mad about getting spun out as I was about him calling it “Houston motor speedway” 
Pretty sure 
This Green Bay game is the most entertaining thing I've seen in a long time 
"Did he respond yet??" --
Friend is over for a sleepover with the twins and she asks, "Can you homeschool me tomorrow? I wanna know what it's like." 
 is a mess on the 
Disney and Pixar will never be able to top this 
Motha I was nervoussssssss  
 Cuttin’ it up with 
oh ok 
oh. my. god.
it’s a bird, it’s a plane, it’s...  
Dean and Brandon ON a plane 
How chefs react when they see all the weekend MEP tubs have been cleaned 
Get a dog, they said. It’ll be fun, they said 

.
Chicago’s kicker 
*goes quiet* 
About to take my 16 year d sister through her first gym session 
What a trio 
Some things never change 
A reporter (and soon to be groom) asked WSU’s Coach Leach for wedding advice. He went IN. 
 Savage dads are savage. 
Working on the Mildenhall build for 
My mate was driving home from his Aunt’s house today with a big pot of spaghetti bolognese. It didn’t go well 
Just when you thing you’ve got everything possible Union Jack - this arrives today - You guys !!! 
Reliving the 1950s in the great American diner with my son dam dam ( short for damaso 
Hahahaha this is class 
When the year 11s try take your footy
Gary Madine asking for ball today 
Enjoying some time off in NYC with my crew
Zimbabweans 
Someone please fist bump 
Are Rob & Danny really that fun? OH YES DEFINITELY 
 how would that even work...
So last night, 
Off to film with baileysnigeria. Check out my fans photobombin in da back 
This should be interesting. 
She ain't on social media thank God 
As in ehnnnn!!! I was like God please I don't want 
Well this didn't suck. 
Worked out today 
I love this 
So much fun filming this with 
The Naughty Khans! 
Nothing questionable about it... I was wearing that when he was still making 3's 
No Custard Pie this time... 
I guess my name is GUEST this week... 
Here is the full 
Who was the most over par/handicap in 2017 
Okay thank you I remember now 
 - great outfits and costumes in class 5! Dressing up as mummies seemed like a good idea at the time! 
Iconic in the first 5 seconds of seeing him 
“I can hear some pussyholes, let’s go”. Absolute favourite 
So how is the new camera? 
If I walked in on somebody having surgery and said dr maybe should start your incision here lol that dr would look at me crazy 
Of course Barrett knows their offense. He's been there like 8 years! 
Watching Planet Earth and 
Congratulations on popping the question, 
"Name a better duo" 
Celebrated my birthday with a trip to the doctors this morning following another passing out episode. I know how to party. 
Awkward conversation of the day: 

Our wedding planner told Darcy how much she looked like Devon 
My free throw went backwards and it still got closer to the rim than 
Great to see Bellator giving credit where credit is due , Free Bjorn Rebney bobble heads for all the fans this weekend 
Fab 
This is GOLD 
What a day to be born! 
The sickest birthday cake I've ever seen 
Oh god 
“Damn I didn’t know she punched like this, I thought she was a fuckin wrestler” -
Still funny 
Sundays... 
 brilliant
Sorry to disappoint you bro, I'm not the real Santa Claus 
U freezin bro? 
QUALITY: Lee Sharpe's story of Sir Alex Ferguson after Eric Cantona's red card vs Crystal Palace. 
Dying at 
You know how cars in Fast and Furious use a Nos boost for extra juice? That’s ours 
You are paying me what?! 
Important conversation about whateves 
She did alright I suppose, well no-one sued me 
As in! I'm not your mommy 
Just arrived in Bath at the 
The ending .. omg 
Last few days to catch Of Kith and Kin 
So funny!
 Jamaica Vs. Hurricane Matthew
Just started Bring Me Back, Oh my goodness 
Prof Dame Til Wykes concludes her 
Once in a while there are certain dishes that I am so tempted to eat and just cancel the order instead 
When you let a 3 year old decorate your mums birthday cake.

I've got a bottle of white sauce I brought back from the US last year, now I know what to use it on! 
Ultimately, it had to happen 
Got the 
The irony of people ordering a skinny flat white with a sausage roll and brownie 
Brought non-designer friends to the 
Someone REALLY loves the new office Christmas tree! 
Top bday pressie from my fab 
Yeah. Bron just did that. 
Of t'north for dad's 60th party, I say north more like midlands 
Quote of today from my son "if they have air conditioning why don't they have air shampoo" trying to be funny 
Nowhere Fast's 
Derek Jacobi's favourite thing about Kenneth Branagh? That he employs him 
You've somehow caught me in Alice's exact pose! 
“Oh-ho-ho boy.”

It was 
Ahahaha, love this 
I have since learned who techno Viking is 
COME ON!!! One more follow and they hit 10k and I mean FREE PORN! 
When guys rub on my clit and vagina like they’re scrubbing dishes 
Old couple in the elevator:
Old man: Which floor dear?
Old lady: *winks* She's obviously going to the penthouse! 
One of the neighbours isn't talking to us 
Thanks for the presents 
‘Small head’
Big Papi wanted in on the celebration 
Phil asked this youngster a question.

And got an honest answer. 
The Hockey Parent Coach is what every Hockey Arena needs 
Honoured to have met Prince Philip at 
Some throwback footage from the early days. 
A fun season 
Lmao 
So much fun Really enjoyed the 
Was loads of fun and lots of 
What fun this was with these 3 guys 
Pucker puffers to protect the perfect putters putter! 
Enjoy this gem
Thanks boys 
If I remember correctly I did that a while back so you copied me!
This picture was only taken 5 years ago, not! 
Enjoyed trying to get this frase right but unfortunately I wasn’t very successful at it!
"I've been eating British Beef all my life"

"Egg and Chips please, Mike"


Big crowd Sam
When Del Boy went to the doctors
The weather's getting colder - we wish we were in Paradise instead! 
Amir Khan when he pulled that snake out 
Well the 
The artists finding the fun in fashion 
Poor Mini is home sick today. I think it's the perfect time for 
Great time this morning with 
Eager to see the 
Loving the speed on this road bike
Little snippet of my new song from the Bathroom
Spirit Fingers 
The Eagles have zero respect for everyone and they’re making that known.
Thanks for the solid advice, 
MANDEM going on a night out be like... 
Delicate and look what you made me do 
This shook me up 
Last night 
Breadstick? 

Caught up with 
We love what you’ve done here 
Phase three... 
Fuckin insane lol 
They're all just chatting and laughing and poor Toff is flipping twitching covered in bugs 
Pop 
Classic Dad joke 
 Love these ladies!
This nigga 
Popping fairy bread made for 
some hard working kids behind the scenes 
Who's puppy is this?! 
:: When ya moms wouldn't let you go outside to hoop w/ your friends. 
 dunno about that but I try my best! 
I have the realist friends lol, the other day I was late for pre drinks so they hid the bottle near the club and took pictures so I could find it 
Take 2... dates 
Look what 
Oh my god I’m in tears, don’t fall 
Gotta love Deadpool 
 me at HT
Absolute class nigh at the 
Watched the Duco events presser 3 times to ensure I wasn’t dreaming it 
40% 
Too accurate 
We brought a totem to the Las Vegas Motor Speedway on race day, and here's what happened 
And this is why I love the internet 
Gyal wanna move thirsty and sugar coat it as love. Nah b, don’t let me catch you slipping ever. 
Have some manners 
Me 
Bahaha I’m cracking up so hard 
Bahahah omg I’m cracking up right now 
When ya boy rolls up on you at a 
That was good Disney but this would be a fun cast too! 
 is where it's at Friday. 
Even if your Dad is Will Ferrell or Mark Wahlberg, they're still gonna embarrass you 
New music! Out now on 
Yeah yeah go play hockey first 
What’s are you two gossiping about 
Fling di tings !! 
You’re welcome 
Irish fans cheering people buying Victoria's Secret in Denmark today... 
I left an Easter Egg in my new collab with 
It’s wrestling season .. which means we gonna see a whole bunch of refs doin this 
"DID YOU THANK THE DOCTOR FOR BRINGING YOU INTO THIS WORLD?" 

Lavar Ball is PURE comedy! 
Caleb just panicked and introduced himself as “Matt”... what? 
We'll call next time we need a tennis racket on stage 
Truth hurts 
Now that we hear it on stage, we’re pretty blown away by that 
"Dave, you're going to love it." Leave it to 
 didn’t need one. Got lost and basically walked with our bikes 
Salute to 
Pure comedy 
Steve Kerr's son Nick is a video intern for the Spurs.

Pop isn't taking any chances. 
Stop talking about 
Yo, I went hella hard Saturday 
Back to reality today and my motivation at about a 0 at work 
What's Poppin'?! 
I can’t with some people. I love these guys they make me fucking laugh 
Fiveseven just told 
Did the universe begin with bass? Or these lovely hair locks? 
RT if u laughed 
I'm on my way B!!!! 
"Its like the Lakers playing in the Stanley cup or whatever" -
I just lied I bang DJ luke nasty whole album otw to the crib 
I’m working till I got as many cars as ppl say 
Tell your girl she's beautiful cause them niggas at the gas station gon do it 
If we cant still joke and prank eachother when we're older I don't wantcha 
Japan is one strange place 
That rapper Tell goes in
When life has been so crazy it's Facebook that actually remembers you your birthday is next week 
I'm so hype for the show I thought it was today.. it's Tomorrow 
I love the fact that when 
It’s called the weekend 
2 Types Of Niggas In This World 
 jumping off stage during the letlive. set and running through the crowd to get to a mechanical bull, proceed to ride said bull, and run back through the crowd to finish out the song. 
TICKET GIVEAWAY!!
If you can give us the bestest 
Wow just when we thought racism was dead. 
.. Why After Sex Niggas laugh , Look at you & Ask “ You Good “?
From now on I'm using 
“Can i get a virgin mimosa” 
You mean orange juice...?? 
"89-Year-Old Japanese Grandma (Kimiko Nishimoto) Discovers Photography, Can’t Stop Taking Hilarious Self-Portraits Now"

probably me as a grandma 
My lips was chapped Asf on all them ads 
S/o to the jax media who come in the lockerroom lol.. i don’t really like media but y’all coo off camera 
When you take 3 days off from checking emails...569 emails to go through. Lord help me! 
Great seeing this live 
Rooting for you buddy 
 Just seen 
Looks like we aren't the only ones who like scuba diving! 
Tag a friends who's been feeling a little landlocked lately 
Her goes the whole Roach song. 
Listening to the 85 south show podcast on this road trip wit 
Yooooo 
I can always count on the 
man I'm geeked over here cryin 
If u want a good laugh 
"See I'm a nasty n*gga" 
that pussy got a smell but ima fuck though 
facts
Watch on 
Bro that’s not me 
"My penguin's got a boner on his nose!" - 
Please clip & save this Tweet for when I put together my 
I know my boy 
Excited to hear from 
Dead Sheeran 
Squad Goals! 
 exactly!!
AAU teams look like this and you think it’s gon be cake. Then you look up and you’re down 22 and they’ve hit 10 3s with 13 minutes left in the first half 
I love how 
10 points to anyone that can find Don E's twitter handle 
Whenever we play Side Piece by 
Better bring your 97’s 
I love airports cos the rules of society don’t apply. Eat pizza and drink alcohol at 7am in a tracksuit... NO ONE CARES 
Anyways I’ve told my hairdresser that she’ll be living with me 
Striving for every other day still 
 are our favourite thing right now! 
Researchers found that 74 percent of mums and 70 percent of dads confessed to liking one of their kids more than another, although they didn't say which one they liked most which is probably wise 
Not even bitch...bored 
 yes mum
My g! Stop looking so good in my hat 
When u send that make or break message and it comes back good 
Do you know how long I've been waiting for the tickets?! I'm coming! 
Why do dogs love their bellies to be rubbed? I
I'm definitely not pregnant, no 
I hear your frustration girls 
Ayy... the male ego is a MAAAAADNESS!! 
Awkward when they went thru my carry-on and the man pulled out three "gadgets" & gave me a nod & wink 
In this music thing some ppl will make out like your greedy for asking for your own money
Here's what happens when you try to mix business with pleasure 
Never a dull a moment with these two 
Tell him I said better late than never 
2018 is mine
 you know I got you bruh
When the work squad out and on fleek 
"ok, that's enough from you AJ" 
Isle-ington? Lie-cester Square? 
Man said hijabi 
A little bit excited at the thought of having my own suit... 
Taking over for 
Need a theme song? 
Vick's mood is so me 
Will Amir make it through tomorrow’s challenge? Yes or no? 
Everytime I visit non English country I lose Aussie twang, develop wack af accent and speak broken English. Wtf 
These new yeezys look like dad spec asics 
Still haven't heard it either 
BV'ing for the awesome 
I die every time i see this 
Can’t stop watching my videos from 
HA! 
Best compliment we've had the whole campaign. Thanks John Howard 
U deeven know the half 
It's actually embarrassing 
I'm deaddd 
Retweet if you're laughing at Liverpool 
Oi I didn't know Canadian goose coats was like £400 
How F boys and trappers snap 
Trolling Throverwatch 
World Premiere 2mrw 
Chowmein and sweet & sour prok balls!!... Ha.... Balls 
At a Halloween party and someone has brought their King Charles Spaniel and dressed it as The Pope I'm crying 
Heartfelt message from Tony Award Winner Chris Hart at 2am on the streets of Edinburgh 
Yes, do! 
Tech rehearsal warm ups 
My body is trying to get fat for winter. I WILL beat the cycle. 
My plant pumpkin reminds me of Wilson from Cast Away 
A wonderful movie memory of childhood from the fabulous 
A sushi bar for dogs?! Whatever next 
Think we could do worse than to look to malky Mckay as Scotland boss, Shame he's been ruled out today,Q getting pumped tonight now 
TV Gold! 
my calendar for today... should be a national holiday tbh 
Retweet if you agree this is one of the greatest comedy moments ever 
My niece Soph doing her best 
This is confusing without context. 
Darren Stuart has absolutely no qualms. He is qualm free 
Saturday nights in Glasgow producing yet again
Sent out free shit for 1 instagram post n getting slated
What a stupid person.
In the Raith Rovers first team dressing room and they missed out Number 11 Being Chris Kamara 
Hahaha most staged thing Iv seen since Gemma Collins pretending to fall thru a stage 
The Apprentice is the best thing on TV the now 
 love the passion
 he got the night king
Bonfire night brings me back to the times where my dad would do his own fireworks displays in the garden, running about lighting them off with a blow torch & that one year he accidentally, full on set the living room on fire, that was banter! 
Yes to this 
Live music i@the ned with sy1964 
We laughed and laughed and laughed  what a perfect night 
 the joy of Christmas cheer 
The more times you watch it the funnier it gets 
Dress rehearsal SCROOGE 
Oscar waiting for his mum 
Calvins 1st day at primary school, Jessica asked him 'why you dressed like Mr Bean?' 
This is the best video I have ever seen 
DAMN I CRACKED UP SO BAD WHILE LISTENING TO THIS
I'm in hell, dreaming about you and Michelle. So come back, Barack.
Don't leave us here alone. At least pick up the phone.
Trump don't even got a dog, man.

This is too live.
  After a rocky start, a broken bus and a missed train...we are London bound!! :D looking forward to meeting the guys from 
So, he joins Trump, wife files for divorce then gets fired like a week later!!!???
Leadership is not sexually transmitted 
Just heard it. Wonderful version and would have got 
“Major book request” just in from my dad 
just got dragged on stage with 
 starting off the convention dressed as a Teletubby has to be the highlight of the day 
My reaction to being on public transport 
Not one part of me is sorry for making this. 
'Stay classy' 
When you put your new costume on and can't actually fit down the hallway to the mirror! 
OMG congratulations 
Is there a drag queen called Belle Spawsy? If not there needs to be 
There’s a couch outside my neighbours house waiting to be picked up if anyone needs new pads... 
Excitement levels for DVD release day?! 
DON’T GUNGE ME!! 
This beauty was an absolute delight last night 
I mean 5,10
I'm having serious words with my dad about the connection in this house 
Such a natural infront of the camera! 
We've all done it,the famous last words "I'll go out for the one"
Ant and Dec are just the guys 
It's the stare she does 
 keeping it real!
Fake news is now affecting reports from the West End! 
There are some real gems in here! 
Laughed so hard 
there’s been several times where I’m minding my own buisness & then people I know, begin opening up to me. 
sleepy buddy :)
 great gif! 
Adam I f***ing love you! 
 very good.
Why you shouldn't be a d online, captured in three screen grabs. Thanks 
i've come a long way 
Happy Monday!Have a watch of 
JUST SAYIN! I just voted for 
No surprise...
People’s opinions on my personal life really do make me chuckle ... 
Eddie Nketiah’s Wikipedia has already been updated by Arsenal fans 
We know ours but we may be a little biased 
2 hours and 10miles with Fred on my shoulders...... happy Fireworks night 
This is my favourite video of the day.... can you guess what he's saying to me 
Canny help but laugh when ye see folk fighting at Halloween. Seen a Teletubbie rolling about wi the Incredible Hulk 
An amazing 
I could slow the game down a bit. 
I’ve been called a lot worse Al. 
Looking good. Lucky you can zoom in. 
Team Big Macc are hard at it at 
Ethan the little champ loving the sharkies boys!!! 
When Dallin Watene nearly elo’d from catching the high ball against Fusitu’a &team mates didn’t give a rats ass about him 
“@Jharalyowyeh: 
New record for the game that keeps the kids the quietest! Can be tried at home 
Pretty cool for young Sam and Olly to get interviewed on Sky Sports......Dad Paul the chief ball finder 
Slowest player sponge has ever worked for
I didn’t like how quiet the kids were here! 
Aw this got even better. Amazing. 
Usually Willow naps 12-2. Today she was ready for her nap by 10:30 - she's now up again and I don't know what we're going to do with ourselves this afternoon 
Scott complained he didn't like his mash for tea because it came from frozen. I made it, fresh. Soon changed his tune 
At first I thought shawty dressed up as an acrylic nail for halloween 
I’m done 
Daniel Sturridge finding out about his pace on FIFA 18 is the funniest thing I’ve watched today 
This you 
I'm done 
A burger full of meat.....  thank goodness you clarified that one 
 Mark Brewer had too much cake.
Second half is underway, updates of 
Reserves enjoy a day off while the firsts travel to Honiton. 
 bro even your mother knows thats false 
Dani Osvaldo on why he retired from playing football: “I prefer beer and BBQs to money."

What a man.
Nah BoJo’s dad is cracking me up already 
7 blokes down the shed end watching tipping point on a Friday at half 4 
10-year-old Swansea fan William’s epic rant on BBC Radio 5 Live after losing to Brighton yesterday 
This is the best thing you will see this weekend... 
 i was at a lost of words
I did get two proper photos. Look 
Steph and JaVale bet on tonight’s Davidson-Nevada game 
I didn't know Zion could miss a dunk 
The fucking irony 
Can I enjoy my moment please? 
I guess I lost my mind... 
I've put my Christmas tree up today and it took me ages to decorate!! Hope it holds out until January!! 
Hahaha the steward at the Blackburn game today, wait for it... 
I hope you meant “Blend” not “Bland” 
I feel bad for tht little boy 
Leatherhead after beating Billericay Town 3-2 
Leatherhead FC 3-2 Billericay Town FC 
I cant work out if they’re being serious or not. I thought there was only tennis down there & was that a jewish star of david in the intro?
What are thoseeeee 
They on here thinking Charles Manson is Marilyn Manson. 

The Goonies bro
Get home safe 
How ima smoke my blunt before Thanksgiving Dinner 
My phone be so dry,  I be in my settings like "oooou what does this do" 
ONLY IN LONDON 
The Apprentice is so cringy 
Fucking jobworths!! Why do stewards think there bad
WHAT A HOWLER OF A MISS THIS IS 
Worldy Hugo
Statto:


Training was cancelled tonight for my 
Just found these gems on my phone, I guess Saturday night was a good one, eh? 
Martial
Lukaku has learnt from Zlatan how to score irrelevant goals then open hand like he found the solution to global warming 
Wilshere still not in the England squad with Winks out injured
Bruh, he really dipped on his kids 
Sterling’s reaction to Sturridge’s pace 
No my wifes not famous enough for me to get in 
This man dancing to Michael Jackson's ‘Remember The Time’ at a recent Janet Jackson concert absolutely KILLED IT. 
What a tweet. 
 can't stop laughing Amir Khan
ّ
What do you reckon 
 When you accidentally sit on a cup of tea. 
Duzza we reckon 
This is minging
This is a joke now
Forest green surely this is a joke
Proper bitter tweet
When you realise Amir Khan is in the jungle for a few weeks and his wife is home alone. 

Wouldn’t mind Stockton’s court vision & passing 
Just when they thought it was safe... 
Anthony Gelling posts hilarious video mocking his yellow card in Wigan's Challenge Cup victory Salford. 
This morning on 
Just remember it's gonna be wobbly on there oh cheers mate 
Behind the camera today filming in London 
Amir Khan on 
That’s bloody tough that is! Thank god I never had to do that 
"A dog just turned up at my local park on a skateboard..." 
 1-0 clawson
 like when you had to move my 300 pairs of trainers 
Did I say Lance Todd? Sorry I forgot, 
Waste of money Fellaini 
The King is BACK!!! Hattrick hero and he’s got a back like an angry cat!! 
Fuck!! You got it on camera 
You would deffo hate my djing then 
I'm sure your not requesting Taylor swift in a hip hop club tho right?? Well I hope not 
Ha ha i can answer that for him, is it fuck 
Have you ever wondered what happens when the curtains come down and the audience go home? This is what it looks like when we pack up a show at 
Behind the scenes: The 
Steve Mandanda is crazy 
It’s looks like 
USL Player Intel returns 
AKA the Russell Packer show featuring Simon Mannering and Addin Fonua-Blake 
My husband sat in Nando's for over an hour waiting for table service 
The boss! 
Sharks, Jellyfish, Seaweed....that a boy 
You're a Brave man if you chance telling the missus your staying out for few more pints with the lads after that result. Ya be one ballsey fucker if ya do 
We have the backing from the Mexicans anyway 
If you zoom in I look like Randal Weems outta recess 
When your mum texts you to leave your brother alone 
Why is there no picture of Zlatan Ibrahimovic on the wall at Manchester United? 

Just wait for his answer. 
 can we please get an appearance lapho 
Vtsek! 
 love the part when it hits him...but he cant confront her and has to play it off like all is okay
Is it just because you were crap at international rules 
My bad! I don’t like losing!!! 
Minister Lynne Brown is trying to pull “meandos” on us all. 
Say that louder they can't hear you
Chill is not the order of the day 
Somebody come get their dad 
Cameraman has a meltdown when a MARTA bus gets in the shot of his Georgia Dome collapse video. 
 Brilliant!!
Always nice to see a few familiar faces 
What have I just watched
This has killed me ! 
BRILLIANT: This 
 minted lamb please
Johnny Ward chats 
Amir Khan when he pulled out the snake 
When men were god damn sexual tyrannosauruses 
 All Leeds Aren't We
Rio Ferdinand's new training regime...  
Tried to get a candid of 
Bad times when a 13 year comments: “how can you be a professional footballer and drive a peugeot and have an iphone 4” 
That’s for life though 
But first I gotta get my there’s right 
If you got 45 mins spare this is really funny! 
Get to see my bro 
I drew this a while back. Noot noot. 
its ya boi kenneth tuffin 
Mamadou Sakho casually bumps into a surprised Blaise Matuidi in the streets of Paris on his motorbike. 
You're so tang-freaking-kad. Please don't stand next to me. 
Mkay. I'm finally about to calm down. 
this never gets old 
Awwww!!!! Have people who don’t say thank you! 
I swear my ex is a boarding alcoholic 
What is fluffier - tree or dog? 
We had a delightful meal in 
Retweet if your mum did say most of these to you... 
Ryan has been up there for 20mins since seeing a spider on the other side of the room 
 I am out with Katie after all...
AMAZING: The final minute of 
We asked you to work your Photoshop magic on Zlatan - here are the best ones.
The Stevie G slip one. 
I know the feeling.  
Happy to get the 3 points tonight thought it was exactly what we deserved...and happy to finally get my first 2 goals for 
 king Thierry 
Great interview with Hazard and 
Talk about a wild weekend, I had just turned 21! Try explaining it to your boss on Monday morning why you can't hear. 
Can you see me in the 
When mommy’s away for work daddy becomes a hot mess ...so funny!
This isn’t the first time Jimmy & 
 comedy gold - who knew sororicide, alliteration and recorders could be that funny 
Are you joining us for 
I think it’s obvious by now that I only like to take photos from one side of my face 
Don’t think either side wants to progress in this awful competition 
Fucking phone switches itself back to Mauritius time zone so I get ready for work at 4am instead of 8.... 
The most Liverpool performance by Liverpool ever 
 had such a great night watching you at the Forum! Face is hurting from laughing so much 
Imagine Jeff Mills banging it out live on a small boutique TR-09
, but also 
These arrived today. Anyone heard of this brewery? 
Can't find the original source to give credit but a priceless read 
 It'll be great Tom!
Recognise this?
If you do, you’re as old as dirt 
Gotta love London today in the sunshine .. on London Bridge .. there's a bride and groom then further down a bag piper 
Get out the way Mr Thomas!!
Trying to selfie with Concorde 
That’s the best thing have ever seen you don’t mess with Martin Murray one hard man 
"I call [cars] radio hostage machines." - 
haven’t laughed so much in a while 
It’s rivalry week. 
 awesome job! Enjoy your view of the Big Cry Baby Bully Fake Prez! 
-The woman defends her title by ending Ronda in :48 seconds and one week later has to eat wings with me. Nobody said life was fair. 
Pete is not only responsible for the TWO dumbest play-calls in primetime NFL history, he just threw away his second timeout on a challenge he CAN’T win to appease the crowd. 
"Another question from Norwalk ... don't you guys have classes right now!?" -
If you drop in on 
I think this is the longest manual I ever done! 
On today's 
Good morning beautiful people.. On today's show we learn about the time Usher brought Stevie Wonder to a movie premiere 
This is beautiful. 
Got greedy 
Chance the Rapper the best hockey reporter 
When Meagan sends a rad photo from 
Who remembers these comedy classics from French and Saunders? 
fucking savage 
Fabulous and Funny....
Bought some $3 lotion at a normal grocery store in Prague for a friend. 

Lady at checkout said it was great for your hands. 

Mom bought some too and then asked me what that pretty plant was bc it seemed to be in a lot of products here. 
The commentary though 
I love skateboarding sometimes love hurts though 
I've some more for you 
this young lady (jana häusl) was the superstar yesterday at the stage 
WTF is this 
Zek showing daddy how to fight.
Found on my 5 year old nieces iPad 
I CANT BREATHE 
Succinct. 
It would be awkward if we did it... but we are 100% behind you doing this for us 
So over all video titles being in capitals in my subscription feed. But also go ahead and keep doing it everyone so that mine stand out for being readable 
Printing day round 2! The post office is gonna hate me when I ship 130 packages next week 
So Someone Actually Wrote Codes On Paper Like I Did... Actuall, I Practiced CSS On Nokia C1... 
 now change your name to 
see as oga 
 the solution.
I love the 
Interviewer: Mr. President ,when are you bidding the people of Zimbabwe farewell?

Uncle Bob: Where are they going


Happy Halloween! (Spudnik rocks, btw!!) 
Viral Video: Senator Dino Melaye has a few words for his detractors. 
Who are these people?? 
I found the WHOLE VIDEO.. y'all I'm so damn weak 
It can't be healthy how many times I've laughed at my own idiocy this morning 
The way our economy is now, if a guy take you to a restaurant and suddenly picks a call after eating and starts going out, sister PLEASE follow him 
What is your own
Absolutely loving the 
Lol yup ya caught that 
Thanks apple memories for punching me in the heart this morning 
I took a picture of 
Day made! 

regranned from 
Meanwhile, 
This is pretty much what it's like growing up in a family of 10. 
The struggle is real. 
Bruh. 
 On top Sallah meat
KP out here using portals 
Awilo wtf!!! 
Tag your siblings.... chai! Growing up was hell!!! 
Singing lessons....let’s go! 
Guys bust joke and grab their friends 'guns' & we're very comfortable being half naked around each other. But what else dyu want us to compliment? The idea of just casually sitting with your willy out and/or complimenting the size of a next mans' isn't remotely normal. 
You're Sick Bro 
Travel, go on a course etc
CEO 
Efo 
"How Diezani Forced Jonathan To Sack Me" – Stella Oduah 

... and after his display today I'm sure there'll be a few newborns that'll be named Alexis! 
New trend in Zed Rap...heads are signing kids, latest one is called "Rap Saviour" 
Zlatan Ibrahimovic: "Lions, they don't recover like humans." 
Ansa. We are so caught up with the opinions of others we see it as a good thing when we assume these fictitious haters are upset by our daily updates of progress 
...About three Kims!
More like we're sore 
I ran away too 
I am running to my own problems 
You should delete this 
Man's not Hot 
Nollywood version by Kenny Blaq 

Lmao when people take my tweets seriously sorry I don’t have as much free time as I’d like to 
As you prepare to enter 2018, May all your enemies miss road like this IJN 
Easy to see but mass hysteria is powerful. That's why people with functioning brains agreed Martial was being played out of position even in the only position he has played all his career and plays till date.
Again, this thread is so much life following 
Urban Fix: Conscience 
People should dress like him
Stay flesh 
Saw the video 
People looked at each other after he finished talking



regranned from @Jaspercoolfm  -  I've seen it all in the mother land 
I love you all too 
I don't have malaria in Jesus's name 
Your MCM's pastor will collect it and register the plate number with "I tithe" 
I mean, it’s just right 
 finale paxton wins I've seen the future I'm Barry Allen
Right? Too many of them 
 all those pervert uncles. Did a Yoruba spin to chief Stephen osadebe
 it was up to 20 seconds 
Lol someone warn Wenger, his people will no longer tolerate his nonsense 
This over a 9 to 5 with my so called degree any day bro 
“Well, you get lots of homework.” 
The GOOD news is that 
Happy Bday Bro 
 thank you 
Bro if you watch me I had no clue where to go
 watch at 1:35 
I
JuJu and Le'Veon reenacted the A.J. Green and Jalen Ramsey scuffle as a touchdown celebration 
We do this for Lil Saint 
HAHAHA!! A HUEVO!!
Yup... us 
It’s rivalry week. 
Anyone with a sister will relate to these hilarious sibling moments. 
These tweets about "House Hunters" will make you LOL! 
This should get song and video of the year! 
 i probably annoy the hell outta 
Thx for the expedited checkout 
"Ain't Like Me" BTS 
The ridiculous commentary of Pro Evolution 2! 
STILL LAUGHING! 
We're just out here having fun with our brothers. 
The only thing better than the rocky music is 
Looks like the smell of fear to us 
Maybe so 
Hey 
My mum is just... fresh from completing her first aid course she shared this photo 
Ahhhhh! 
“Once you Pop, That’s great!!” Wtf 
"Name a better duo" 
My free throw went backwards and it still got closer to the rim than 
Great to do a little bit of teaching for some of the children in Hong Kong. Their faces when they hit one in the air was a picture 
Even in the final stretch, Lefty never loses his sense of humor 
Best weekend on a golf course last week now worst one this week. Quick change. Love golf hate golf love golf hate golf 
Larry David showed off his putting stroke on the 
Tap out due to strikes. 
Possibly one of my all time favourites from 
Thanks 
 probably said: "next time the puck needs to go behind the guy with the big pads"
He already got a wife bud!but keep on trying no one likes a quitter 
I've seen a lot of comments on my stories but this, this is a first 
Idk whats going on but I'm crying 
One player who won't be in the 
How did we miss this the first time around ... the Night King has a caddy 
Bad Joke Telling - 
....such a good looking person sigh 
Brilliant 
The bobsled 
"It's a little out of control but... it's a part of who I am!" - 
Trust the cleaning process 
I’m genuinely thinking about approaching my father to be my agent, because even I’m sold 
Thank you Taika Waititi for introducing Korg into my life 
This is incredible. 
Incredibly undeniable. 
Fuck skating videos its all about the wheelbarrow now 
 listen carefully.....do they know something???
What a journey it has been to dance on this show and hopefully break some perceptions!Now they need to find someone who keeps their bum in!
Don't know if I'm more annoyed that i messed up the anecdote about 
Well that was a strange one!! 
What a fun dance!!!Had a great time on that dance floor tonight!May be lacking some technique but you have to enjoy the moment
love this!!
Have to say thank you to 
Welll.... i think its fair to say that was not my finest dance thus far 
The Dubs were all over NY yesterday 
Stop It 
 how would that even work...
 some of these “talking heads are hilarious!!
This is the new era of b-ball! I’m not hating, just saying, that’s a layup for 2 points, instead it’s a 1 on 1 three point shot. 
Omg lesson learned: do NOT put a frozen pizza in a waffle iron 
Watch what happens when we try to put chocolate in a corn dog machine 
“We’re brothers, we’re happy and we’re singing and we’re colored. Give me a high five!” 
I gotta go tell Facebook my review of the documentary now...djm I have more followers there 
Had so much fun on 
I'm sorry but who wears a SEXY ass outfit like this while talking SPORTS?? 
 Jenn! You're really crazy for a Mom..
After accepting a dare by 
Naughty dad 
Still pretty chuffed I managed to wield a hammer at 
I think we need to sort out our wee board in the lobby 
Man that was funny 
Thank you team 
I finally got notified that 
 would love that xx
The Naughty Khans! 
Now that we hear it on stage, we’re pretty blown away by that 
"Dave, you're going to love it." Leave it to 
Caption this 
Yes, kinda like that 
And Turd Ferguson knows funny. 
hey 
s/o to 
Someone captured the moment I had to go for a piss mid set in El Paso at 
Me after Sun City 
Maaannn people hitting me up saying they thought they heard “Pete Tong is a bitch” in my Essential Mix ..... ARE YALL CRAZY?!!! 
My status last night.. 
Yo I hate people like this lol 
LOL at the Gran Turismo "racing etiquette" video you're forced to watch before being allowed to race online 
When the wife accidentally buys red light bulbs and I'm worried to open the curtains incase my neighbours think I've had a career change 
Yo, I went hella hard Saturday 
Back to reality today and my motivation at about a 0 at work 
This tweet is fucking hilarious I’m crying right now 
My brother Sam (who is a 35 year old autistic man) walks into the room:

 "Hey Tom, is it okay to call somebody a 'two faced son of a jackal?'" 

...yes it is buddy, yes it is 
What's Poppin'?! 
It’s crazy I still can’t get the Ap going on my new phone, without losing all my followers etc..I’m devo.. you’d think someone from Strava could help.. tut tut 
Ohhhhhhh dear , who remembers this joint on dance energy with 
This motherfucker soltan really wrote is name in the wave form of The Realm...I'm shook 
Holy shit the DJ at this clothing store in Perth recognized me when I walked in and played my tunes 
We brought a totem to the Las Vegas Motor Speedway on race day, and here's what happened 
 This is the reason why I use snapchat 
When your Tourmanager looks like Lord Farquaad from Shrek!!! Hahahahahahaa 
Man, I don’t know whether to be happy or sad after 
Hahahaha 
Why

Didn’t 

I 

Know

You 

Can

Type

More


Did you know? You can actually listen to a song, dislike it and just move on with your life 
who told people that complimenting somebody that “inspires” you and promoting your latest track within the exact same message was good networking 
Myself & my family are in the background of your pic! Lol 
Who's shadow does it best 
Mood 
Congrats to killer on MOTM last night,here's a throwback of me trying to tackle him 
 my 2016/2017 presenter showreel watch the full 3 min video here 
hahah remember when I used tune in when I just started 6form everyday when you did drive time with andrea 
They wasn’t on no games at 
If only stamp duty actually had anything to do with the reason people like myself can't afford to buy a house 
Like “ho ho ho, nukkuhs!” 
I'm on my way B!!!! 
Can’t stop watching my videos from 
If your girl get drunk and she don’t call you , she calling another nigga cause when a female get drunk first thing she want is her nigga 
The magic word is “please.” 
Ohhhhh yehhhhh I need this film in my life 
I got in my Uber and 
Y'all love to post them lil "after dick" snaps driving down a dark ass road at 4am on a Thursday, like we don't know what you doin 
I want No smoke. 
THESE SUBWAY COOKIES WAS TOO FUCKING GOOD 
Celtics Nation Babyyyyy 
This every kyrie Irving fan
"Amir, how's your Kazakh?"

"Oh, same as it's always been... borderline non-existent." 


My daughter asks for bacon every time she wakes up in the morning. 
The team discussing western movies is hilarious. 
Who said we can't jump 
Shoutout to 
Want to apologize to everyone for last week and make sure our stadium is pack this weekend and yes I
Was just trying to watch your movie 
 Shout out to Mel!!!! 
 too big for all dat 
 As expert analyst 
This man dancing to Michael Jackson's ‘Remember The Time’ at a recent Janet Jackson concert absolutely KILLED IT. 
Don’t change Atlanta teams, don’t ever change. 

Savage moves by 
Chill, Coach 
I’m sure you won’t be making this mistake again
Good morning beautiful people... Here's a story about Troy Polamalu ruining my life 
If you drive a solar powered vehicle, are you always burning daylight? 
All you girls are going to be walking around in the same red one piece suit all summer. 
Enjoy this gem
Deadpool as Bob Ross. Your argument is invalid. 
Happy birthday to the funniest mf
I’m gonna ace that bitch
Always love racing 
happiest of birthdays to a real genuine girl. i hope you have the greatest day ever alyssa, stay rustic 
“We don’t wait for seconds! NEVER!” 
How does my hair look?! 

Actually...

Don’t answer that! 


It’s 2:27 p.m. and this is the sock I have unknowingly had stuck in my pant leg all day. I’m doing so well. 
Told Cash we needed to do his hair for school this am. He asked, what for?  I said, so you look cool.  His response...I already look cool.  Little punk!  
Honestly...I'm proud of everything I've been doing lately. Idk if it's the weed or depression 
This is the greatest video I have ever seen in my life 
“Did you really just ask me that?” 
People be having 100k followers and automatically get to talk on panels and get sponsored 
Bro I haven’t laughed that hard in a long time 
Can't believe I almost paid someone to replace my car battery...five minutes to change it and I feel the most accomplished 
Me with my life rn 
Logic: Huh, I think my phone isn't receiving texts
Lizard brain: no everyone just hates u 
Same cast as my Instagram story, but with 50% less demon 
 that Noveliss joint was hard! It would've been easier for me to find out more about him if y'all spelled his name right in the show notes. In the process of searching I did find a lot of cool Indians, but they ain't have bars tho 
Any guesses 
Chris & Dom as The Krankies is VERY disturbing. (and FAN-DABBY-DOZY!) 
Chris finds Chesney's PUBLIC Google Reviews & pretends to know his favourite hangout spots! 
Bae went all out for Halloween this year 
Now I know what I’m giving for all my Christmas presents this year!! 
If you watched PS4 @ 4 yesterday you know that we were missing the intro sequence. Well 
I bought a blue berry muffin today, lost it for a few... Just found it :D YUMMY! By losing it I mean I couldn't find it in the kitchen 
Played the game called "Getting Over it" I can say I'm terrible at it and now I hate life 
Got a package this morning - 
Don't tell Stedman about 
New video! - Gaming with a Lightsaber! 
Accidental text on purpose 
I had a fun time placing his head on Jud’s shoulders 
Happy Halloween from Cookie! 
Canada's worst driver makes me laugh when they all just ram right through the obstacles they aren't supposed to hit. 
I found something 
I literally just fell asleep and dreamt about driving the 
Someone is complaining this train doesn’t have CUSHIONED SEATS…

Mate, you’re on a Southern Fail train to London, not the Orient Express. 
Estate agents, please make your 'for sale' signs taller and/or softer. They bloody hurt. 
LIVE FOOTAGE of me trying to understand all these mixed signals. 
 I was bored...
hobo clowns are the most dangerous because they’re hungry 
 Mood
Ain't nothing y'all could tell me to convince me that Jaylen Brown wasn't young Bleek in Mo Betta Blues. 
 You see this? 
Sometimes, jokes can go too far... *ahem* Isaac. 
Back to the old days... where it all started...  
Landed in Abu Dhabi! I must have traveled through every time zone possible this past week. It’s now midnight 
 when you've caught up a whole season in 2 days and season 2 is staring you in the face but you've had no sleep... looks like I'm staying up again!!! 
Pre-Ragnarok release we had too much fun with some of our fave on-air personalities, re-creating the "Friend From Work" scene. Watch the hilarious bloopers now! 
Frank Nitti Stories on a Thousand 
When you forget it’s your Mom’s birthday but you have the 
This is what playing vs a 6'6" player feels like in Echo Arena 
My cousin is the biggest Drake fan I know lol I always promised him that when I blow up I'll get him to meet Drake & have him surprise my cousin at his house. Imma work hard to keep my word as much as possible even though it's impossible 
Loved this...two cheeky boys doing what they do best! 
I always fancied a taxi ride till I saw the lack of space yesterday on that, we said fluff that for a game of soldiers 
OMG amazing!!! 
That Lavar Ball interview ending tho 
Day Vs Night here at Aragon today :) really really enjoying myself. Makes a change 
 Sorry had to take the outside lane, still in Suzuka mode, must pass doesn't matter which way 
ᴰᴬᵀᴱ ᴺᴵᴳᴴᵀ ᵂᴱ ᴮᴿᴬᴺᶜᴴᴱᴰ ᴼᵁᵀ ᵀᴼ ᴺᴬᴺᴰᴼˢ 
A golden oldie 
A couple of wild vultures appear for a decider
“Debbie McGee your a lucky women” - 
Who’s watching The Chase with 
If you want interesting racing stories have dinner with 
By the way my k7 is for sale at £11,350 if anyone wants a 'modern classic'.. 
BREAKING NEWS. 
Cracking up listening to 
this is like some love island introduction
Lovren is actually awful
Actual footage of my trying to control my own life.... 
Two weeks until vacay be like...
 
Me these weeks when it's a lot going on
Pochettino has done more for English football than any of our last 4-5 England managers put together I swear
 I wouldn't put 
Only the chosen few were invited, fortunately I wasn’t one of them 
When the team say " you cannot start it alone..." me " give it here" 
Always trying , the old girl is always falling apart 
Just about to run the Snetterton half marathon. I forgot my running leggings... 
Guess this guy had planned a better end 
We raced each other 14 years ago in Bahrain for the 1st time, I pissed 
Flying to the second round 
Ophelia? Schmophelia......got a few leaves lying around. Just a bit of a breeze to us Govags 
i think that's 5ft but what do i know 
Something to make you giggle on a Sunday morning! 
Looks like people like Jos' comments. 
Held the lead yesterday for the first two corners
Patrice Evra dedicates his Monday motivation video to Paul Pogba. 
Love being at work on a cold tuesday 
Great fun being behind the wheel fighting 
Just trying to help keep you on the right time zone buddy 
A large is too small for me over here 
To much hair 
Back in the good ol’ days 
When you take the lead of the race, it invites only one thing...BUNDLE!! 
The Panama ball boy did what he had to do to get his country to the World Cup last night... 
Never seen a camera guy get juked this hard 
Salute to 
 Marshawn is crazy!! 
Good Mornin! Monday! Before u start your week please 
I bet you the dude who rapping about a Rolex and a forgien didn't pay for that beat he on....moving right along 
Ole wet behind the ears ass nigga 
When you can’t afford a cool costume so you just go as a 
Today Jono managed to get both Ben & I today - Near spew and tears, well played asshole 
Hahahaha Jaysus 
In need of a mid week laugh 
Nervous about 
RT if you can't get enough of this bromance. 
Dads trying to figure out technology like. 
Hilarious - which I came up with that! 
Just in case you need a laugh 
He's passed the 20K mark!! 21743 patches as of today. To think we were hoping for 100 
Thick hair is cool until you have to wash it or comb it or do anything to it period 
These Duke bus drivers really do not care 
The best week yet! And dear Lord the candles! 
This was a close second. Sorry 
Meanwhile in the OHL, a guy climbed the boards and ran onto the ice 
You know how cars in Fast and Furious use a Nos boost for extra juice? That’s ours 
 a beverage is intended to quench your thirst. when you’re thirsty, you don’t automatically think to drink soup loll 
Got the captain for USA to dab for me 
Tweet me the most used emoji on your phone!! Mine are: 
$10 gets you a pint of 
 indefinitely
 I gotsta try these
Whhhhyyyyy 
Still funny 
No one strategizes better than a broke nigga.... I strategize impeccably well 
TFW your uncle travels to Canada for your mom’s funeral, looks at your partner and says “is this your son?!” 
The moment I tell my fitness friend that my arms and her boobs should take our act on the road 
Today's look NOT inspired by today's weather. 
Love that my husband DM'ed me this post 
 has arrived at the 
The guy from cabin crew on my 
When your 3.7GB download has 2 days left because your WiFi is so bad 
I've just been trying on dresses and it registered as a workout. I'll be doing this more often! Glad 
It seems that here in Somerset the toads have developed handles 
Right back at you! 
My boy yesterday ‘you’ve heard of good cop, bad cop right? Well what you need is Mum cop, then you’ll just confess all’ 
Love & respect to all the people who've been religiously typing into google, "What is the meaning of Galway" 
Dylan Strome gets his stick stolen, uses his opponents stick to score a sweet goal, and exchanges sticks after 
Russell Brand: Irish are very good at the internet,everywhere you go,it's JOE,have you seen the way the Irish tackle new media, all over it
Braw athlete 
Couple more pictures from the Lightning Bench experience with 
Mike Pence 
The boys
‘I’m glad you find it entertaining that I got attacked by flying potatoes’ 
Monty, comparing the Olympia to rolling the cricket square 
 this is the best 
Oh happy Days... me and 
Never mention politics to 
Amazing effort from 
When your having 2 different conversations at the same time with the same person. 1 on Messenger. 1 in SC. It takes skill to be like me and 
Whilst watching 
Although I'm not a steelers fan the ending of this video is amazing. 
Throwback to the best video of 2013... We all remember this! 
On a positive note, Imgur finally has Favorite Folders!
Saturday nights in Glasgow producing yet again
Speaking to a decent lassie that actually cares is 10000000 times better than speaking to loads without wanting anything. Glad I've been converted n came to my senses 
I’m gonna pee my pants. Oh my god. 
 Solid observation, 
Juat about to start my nightshift... Get me through it please 
Some Walsall fan has booked a hotel 11 miles from Pompey which he thought was cheap...it's on the Isle Of Wight 
Even on green screen day, @Dele_Alli just can't help himself... 
I feel like I’ve been through therapy tonight 
SO excited for 
As if Jeremy Corbyn congratulated Architects on selling out Ally Pally!! I love this man so much 
Adam Spencer - technical term for 1/1000-1/10000 of the width of an electron is "Fuck me" 
'She burns cereal!' - You can always rely on family to give away your secrets, right 
 you're on fire this morning  
Hahahahahahahaha 
Notice how 
Penguin falls down resulting in best sound ever 
As if i wasn’t already going to be a wreck tomorrow night 
Cant wait for Souljah Love to release the track 
Obama is that one ex that still gets invited to all the family functions because everybody liked him so much 
Watching my boy win for the 14th time since yesterday!! What a class ride from 
When you're too scared to go on the big flume, so convince your mate to go on the gentle river ride with you instead. 
When you almost put a condom in your brew. 
Sick in bed wishing Tess was with me. Anyone in Montreal with a puppy they could lend me for the day 
So I broke my nose again 
Jacob - I like to call myself J-A-C-O-B Me- sooooo Jacob 
 can't this man be given a break? See how he's forced to make his car look ugly
 hilarious 
I'm dying 
Please RT if you’ve never read a bigger lie from the Daily Mail than “Jeremy Hunt has earned the respect of doctors, nurses and other medical staff” 
 get your bro man 
NOW IT'S OFFICIAL LOL 
That face of 
Been playing Niniola’s Maradona since I heard it yesterday 
 love it
Our top reader frm 
It's so funny seeing them so confused... but my comments get censored....NO...but my comments...NO.....but the censors....NO...but Conservative..neutral...NO. Shush troll and agree for your own sake! 
Had the opportunity to use this Emily line just now and I definitely need to do it more often. 
 always great seeing you!
Late night lovin' in bed with my hubby... Just kidding, totally on our phones 
Here is my car selfie! Don’t worry I’m not driving! 
Anything for Mom 
 should do every bushtucker trial 
Aw, I thought Amir came across quite endearing here. Man pulled a jungle python out 
NYC scaffolding expert Klay Thompson, everyone 
It’s so nice to know your wife is braver than Amir Khan 
My dogs high af right now....
I don't know what I would do if bobs burgers didn't exist. 
I like Amir but he knows how to exaggerate a story 
WOW!! Of all people that would say ‘I’m a celebrity get me out of here’
I NEVER thought it would be Amir..

LAST YEAR not ONE of the campmates said it.... BUT I’m happy they won’t get any food 
I knows it’s early to say this but I think Shappi is going to get on my nerves on 
Found it 
Can’t see the tweet mate, it’s been deleted 
Last year I actually liked everyone in their own way on 
You lose most your heat from your head.
He almost made it out the car 
About my search history... I can explain
Mike knows me so well
Unsure what is funnier: the caption OR 
You know you’re old when you watch Max and Ruby and think Max is a selfish ass hole 
They'll be relegated they said 
Podcast time! Get excited - Manice is 
The fans asked for it... CB9's initiation. Voice as good as his feet 
 keep an eye on that 
 was that you waiting for 
"Was Miley Cyrus naked on the wrecking ball" -my nana 
He shares his food with me and that’s when I knew he was the one. 
Never forget the day, a girl leaving my house I got her a taxi on my Hailo second she left got changed from card to cash 

Yess we ain’t the same bitch 
Some laugh doing this
Fabu d on blind dates
Blind dates
Ever get when your In the shower belting a song out, does give yeah the confidence to win X factor the lot
Today, 
I swear...
10 days till I see this behaviour live 
Get this man a blue tick
How did he get this so right? 
Don’t let anyone take you for a keema naan enih 
Don't let anyone take you for a keema naan 
The struggle is real when you're trying to figure out where to have your MC finale party. 
Provenza: Too bad we don't have a suspect that just went to Mexico... Oh, wait...


The three classic stages of learning how to porròn 
I really don’t know why I put pizza in and why so many people have voted for that over a curry, I guess we really don’t know each other 
Absolutely dying today 
I just got an apartment that’s an 11 min walk to Grafton street and I’m fucking chuffed (not that I’ll be able to afford anything there but how and ever 
Did you watch last night's video? What did you think? Did you enjoy it more or less than Donal did 
At least I'm not stuck in the middle 
Mom and I sprinted the last mile...bad decision...I am so sore
Fantastic that 
Me & 
 2 years and 10 million views on..we did it first lads!
As if Grace just said she's been fighting the snot
What “Void?” 
CBs were bullies vs the Cowboys
Jane Krokowski also robbed of an Emmy for this scene alone: 
1st of all, I love the visual of Ms. Diana Ross rocking a fanny pack. Secondly, her shopping at Marshall’s with said Fanny pack is ICONIC 
Spent the last hour and change on FT giving my Grandma instructions on her iPad and how she can stream my games 
My mom calls these “Happy Meals”!! 
IThe Weather Channel set up for a live shot of the Georgia Dome being imploded. 
I feel like Stanley's reaction to learning about vlogging is the same reaction Boris would have if he learned about 
You just want rap Tof up in bubblerap and protect her from the big bad world 
Minute 1:08 I'm dead 
I love police 
Always great fun working on the 
Throw back 
The size of the hands and feet on my son
Can't cope
When I walk on crunchy orange leaves a bit wet from the rain.... it makes me hungry.. for cornflakes..

Is that just me or anyone else??
Oh lord... Im in college the next day and the last trip took days to recover from !! 
This is a more accurate reflection of me when I first wake up 
It’ll be an even better show on Saturday 
Donkey & Shrek 
Art tests. I understand why they exist but dang that doesn't make them any less exhausting. Another one down. 
Takes after her mother!!
Handing treats out the window! I think they want in! 
Proper tourists!
If this gets to 50k RETWEETS I'll livestream watching through THE thing I'm most embarrassed about...Hooking Up! 
Took me a solid hour to find out how to get that GIF compressed to under 5mb ffs 
When you forget to check Snapchat for a day and you have to go trough hours of 
Always Knock Before Entering
 and Tutt trying to operate this contraption 
Just heard it. Wonderful version and would have got 
We loved our band call yesterday. Matt who plays Curtis was upstaged here by a wind instrument 
The final minute of a game in Sunday league.
Football at its very best. 
The two Victorians sledging the rest of us. 
my guy!! 2 mill? Tell me how you FEEEEEEL. We came a long way... congrats my dawg! (Two of the biggest Lebron fans in one pic
When Del and Rodney save a little lad from running across the road
Retweet if your mum did say most of these to you... 
Can’t wait for my besties engagement party tomorrow 
I put a fake Halloween hand in my sleeve and told him “high five” 
Very true 
Ya hear that, everybody?! 
Loving this customer request for Thanksgiving on Thursday 
Lowkey I think Ima start using my social media to promo my friends' art 
Introducing Smart Arse Cars. Because Jockeys in Smart Cars makes total sense right?! 
They said it would take 2 seconds 
You know your mum is missing you when she starts finding any reason to text you 
I ask her if she wants to come to the gym with me and she shows up in all her new kit...
Scenes!!! 
Is this real life?! 
When your fitness trainer puts your username as 'smallcalves' thanks 
'I come back and he is dating a dumpling' 
Dam good tackle 
Pic1: I am 
I get to call this ‘work’
Just Magnificent
What a little legend 
The look says it all! 
 more animal gifs please 
Y’all.. look at this chic-fil-a rap video 
Sara and Alex ripping their dresses to prepare to kick Nazi ass 
You can run. You can hide. But you can't escape this salesman 
Expectation: Money 
Reality: A savage reply 
A story of 4 bachelors and the chaos that follows them... again! 
I can understand the desperation!! Karni sena n other protesters wiill face huge existential crisis post the release of 
Its bizarre!! the whole 
Bravo, Matt! Not quite sheepdog trials (but what an outstanding idea!) - we're setting up for the 1500m Classic! First race: 
Well the new 
Had a blast on the Genesis vapour yesterday at Lincs league, placed 3rd. Bit rusty on my cx skills 
When your that sleepy...you put the coffee jar back in the fridge instead of the milk. Must get to sleep earlier tonight 
Hmm... might be peaking too early for Nat HIll Climb champs 
Loving 
When bingo pays your bills 
Men only „party“
Scholes' face when Gerrard says he hasn't won the league 
 | This is what women really think of your favourite book 
Steve Mandanda is mad 
Summary of Neymar's epic transfer to PSG 
He's behind you! 
 Radio Tour Out 
I feel like I shouldnt, but my second chorus sounds shocking compared to the first which is just as i want it and im desperate to just copy and paste 
I've no idea why that tweeted the same pic twice 
Best hosts ever? Definitely the funniest 
Christmas IS Jez Edwards at the Leeds Carriageworks! 
This happened today. 
What is your favourite song from a modern MT show (or song cycle/album) and why? I want to make a playlist as I am old and not down with the kids anymore. 
When danny doesn't want to share the popcorn. 
YOUNG PEOPLE AREN'T SAVING?!?!? 
I’m at the 
This MUST come to Canada! 
We are predicting that you've met at least ONE of these 
 Where's your favourite 
Eeeek!!  Tickets to 
So I had an amazing morning stepping in to workshop probably the greatest new musical concept ever with the equally fantastic creative team 
Had the best time 
And a word for the amazing 
My little man Jude starting his weekend super body workouts  
Claire Goodliff 
Another city player you experts ridiculed 
Class photo 
He's behind you!!!???
Great shot! 
The Sensory Spa Garden at 
Brilliantly precise 
 Spotted the camera & pulled out a cheesy 
Looking forward to this! Got a fun + super nerdy + retro demo planned... I’ve just got to build it... 
Did you see our guest appearance on thewronggirlau  last night? 
Well makes a change from pocketing the toiletries. 
Wife & I attended corporate event @ 
NO! 
We agree 
 Can't argue with that
If Paris Hilton invented the Selfie 11 years ago....how did I take this selfie 15 years ago?! 
When most of my friends were born in the 90s and they're too young to get all my TV show references. *Sad Jodie* 
Digital KIDS? 
Sooo we have drawn our raffle for our Macmillan Coffee Morning!!! Can you tell we love a boomerang 
Oh Hell Yeah!! RT 
Asha sharing wisdom with us all last night. 
I scored the coolest wooden nativity puzzle from my mom. You snooze ya lose siblings. 
Had a brilliant whirlwind day 
"How you gonna do that hockey?"

On a scale of 1-10, how perfect is this guide for the major 
If it's as windy there as it is here in Montgomeryshire, he's gonna have a job catching them... 
I love laying paving when it's wet and miserable..said no one ever! 
It's ok I'm in 
this is the coolest most gangsta shit I've ever seen 
Any lead singer who introduces himself as a baileys drinker, therefore making him "Old Gregg" is good by me 
Been there and had the T-Shirt 
Kevin Hart vs Usain Bolt in an ice bath challenge goes exactly how you'd expect 
Go watch full video on unilad 
When Amir receives his meal ticket... 
we didn't deserve these *memes* 
Paper plane throwing at 
All female production of 
 Not quite as bad as Jonny May but not far off...
All ready for Dipna pop up in wtw with the twins!!!!
New balls please
Don't eat playing cards kids, look what happened to me 
When you try and hit 
NOOOOOO 
 seriously you won’t want to miss this
Best quote of the night 
Only 1 031 115 people disagree with the 
We're in the 
"Who's she?" "I'm the bitch who's going to smack your pretty face next time you say 'ho'"
Mike puts up with a lot. 
Good morning!

Random: I'm not feeling my new 
This Ferg storyline has me like 
Bought 
Like the sad millennial I
Just binge-watched 
Soooo Jono, you're hear in Argentina talking about self acceptance, But here in Buenos Aires, we wana know, Boca or River? 
Who else has been here with their kid or one you've coached? Perfect glimpse into half our 
I can't recall doing that 
Memphis: Veni, Vidi, Vici.               The Wilson Girls + our honorary sister, 
UofA puttin up a fight!! Jeeeeze!number 14 BALLIN! 
Now 
Facts 
Forget "dramatic chipmunk" - this rock hyrax really brings the drama. 
Proof the world isn't flat 
Supported 
Update on the tooth. 
Y'all too much 
Was just signing a couple books for friends at my gym, and a stranger walks past and says, “Have you read Chop Wood? It’s so good!” 


It’s wrestling season .. which means we gonna see a whole bunch of refs doin this 
We finally found an opponent Deontay Wilder (
Probably should keep some things to yourself. 
Offensive lineman don't score touchdowns, but if 
Bullpen sessions with 
Looks pretty good to me 
Listennnn if anyone wants to wake up for a good laugh, be in the weight room at 6am tomorrow you're going to be in tears. I promise
Y'all think I'm joking when I retweet stuff like needing a date to Honolulu city lights??? Nooope I'm being deadass, slide in my dms rn
Best.... whooooo 
Girl byyyeeeeeee 
Also the crowd is amazing for cheering for us. I know that tomorrow it'll be the otger way around but still 
Remember guys charm cycle is coming soon. So if you want to have a charm of a CHAMPION! Buy it now! 
When someone asks me what my favorite sport is 
Bregman: "I just swallowed half my dip" 
These Phillies fans are savages 
Watch until the end 
Some throwback footage from the early days. 
Why my team mates are over 3k in twitter but im not. Comong guys IGL is important too 
Ihy 
You called it 
Literally me and 
Having a blast in the 
Lakers fans are so blind lmao. Lonzo is almost averaging a short stack triple double with terrible percentages and Ben Simmons is averaging a quiet almost 20/10/10 season but all they see is Lonzo 
Hey that’s me 
Having a blast 
I’m a Day late, but better late than never right 
A fun season 
“How you gon’ do that hockey?” Definitely using that the FIRST ‘chance’ I get...see what I did there? 
Good news everyone! The new Game/Life Balance Australia podcast is out! It's... sobering. Mostly because I'm sober for this one 
Also, I came out to the entire faculty during my Q&A 
CVS blaring Bad Day by Daniel Powter takes me back. Back to walking off the mound in every bad minor league game I had 
Gruden started his Turkey Hole demonstration, and I Immediately reached for my phone and went to trending topics for the hot takes 
 hanging with 
Sometimes you just gotta go for I
Trying to make 
This is too funny to me. 
Throw your hands in the air and wave ‘em like you just don’t caaaare! 

Not funny: this guy led police on a chase. 

FUNNY: dance party in the middle of 45 
Hey guys, do you have any advice for the 
This is the best video I have ever seen 
i just found 
People that wear durags and ain't got a wave in their head.. Y'all are a different breed of people lol 
 lots of screaming, body thrashing and tea afterwards! And the fear of 
Mate, you've got something on your head 
CLASSIC: Everytime Troopz says "blud", the video speeds up...

Cannot. Stop. Watching. 
Keys to life and marriage at dinner, mom is deaf and step dad plays dumb 
Anyone think the new 
Another awesome golf day 
Baker... baker...baker 1)they showed you up... 2) I’m sure you told them you would carve them up.... 3) you apologized last time and didn’t mean it which I’m totally fine with. You apologized this time and didn’t mean I
Pop keeps it real. 
Ouch! ; )  RT 
Man that was funny 
Dave watching Fat kids miss free throws during halftime 
 listing to 
Yooo I thought Tampa Bay was supposed to be good? 
HELL NAH!!! French toast tho. 
Pops looking like he’s about to be on a magazine cover, huh 
Bro if you watch me I had no clue where to go
 watch at 1:35 
 thank you 
Would you say they’re hungry ?? Huddled around the food already!!! 
 “Coach is right, it’s on us” 
This is so good 
HAPPY 19TH BIRTHDAY TO THE BEST LITTLE BROTHER/BEST FRIEND IN THE ENTIRE GALAXY!!!!! you’re literally the funniest person i’ve ever met & we have the greatest sibling dynamic on earth! can’t wait until we can rap Bad & Boujee to our future children at the family gatherings 
Only in Oklahoma fr 
John Lithgow got a little confused while playing Mr & Mr with Mel Gibson, on this week's 
"He has a serious wedgie!" 
Getting my hair restored to its natural blonde color, earlier today, in 
I’m not a bit camp am I? 
 Brilliant!
It’s crazy I still can’t get the Ap going on my new phone, without losing all my followers etc..I’m devo.. you’d think someone from Strava could help.. tut tut 
Big thanks to 
Gas 
Had so much fun with my 
What more do you want from me???? 
Maybe so 
“Tyrese & Will Smith Phone Call”


Tag Somebody who know all the words 
Your new favorite account 
Welcome to the 
Tag Somebody who remember this 
When you give Black People the Internet 
Just heard it. Wonderful version and would have got 
Why you don’t follow me back on ig den ?
That puppy going ham on that titty 
You can always count on a vlog featuring 
Russell Wilson shook somebody out of their shoes with a pump fake 
Best episode of 
I'm, spinning around, move out of my way 
This how they think i look In Toronto. 
 When a Woman put that fear of God in you tho..... 
I Understand That Feeling 
Classic 
Dude is going to have an aneurysm talking about the USMNT. 
Idc what nobody say PLIES FUNNY AF 
Nobody should call 
Lol the pic 
Fuckin insane lol 
This Ferg storyline has me like 
This Saturday myself and top man 
Congrats on the debut 
SPOTTED: Man vs Poncho at 
Fond memories of this show despite merch getting soaked by the rain 
When you can't get enough of 
Lmao, same!!  
Thank you Taika Waititi for introducing Korg into my life 
Agreed 
My Jets so lit
Say no more 
Any takers for 'Official Mascot' at 
"Well they say sweat is the lubrication of life" 
-old guy at the pac

I CANT BREATHE 
Throw the whole state away 
This is the best video I have ever seen 
Sometimes, like today,it's 2 thirds
Haha I
Well done to 
filayyyy
Nice try 
She loves sad songs. Her teammates? Not so much.

So 
This should get song and video of the year! 
Would you?! 
We brought a totem to the Las Vegas Motor Speedway on race day, and here's what happened 
Hey MTA got one thng right for once 
Man wveryone is up in arms over the four tet post why are all your panties in a bunch 
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? - Yeah, I'm right here 
Chargers DE Joey Bosa with, what is perhaps, the most unique description of Cowboys LT Tyron Smith 
Fantastic and so glad you enjoyed it - although I'm not sure you probably did at the time 
No children were harmed in the making of this video - great splits though. One for the bloopers reel 
All when my mom is driving 
I'm pleased you like it grandad 
Make sure u get following teambathnetball_ on insta now! Even more so if u want to see the quick fire round with imo and Tash! 
 thanks Deb I do love a long bomb. Girls have done great though! 
Cannot wait to see you smash it in blue next season, just not when your against us 
personally think we were rocking this look 
Literally 
Happy pride Manchester folk, have a wild one for me 
Wowwee 
Enjoy reading the comments posted after a 
Thierry's at it again. He just can't keep his hand off 
Work in progress 
Beth Mooney... 
Phase three... 
Scraper 
TONIGHT 
Damn right! 
Succinct. 
 so true!!!!!!!!
Classic Dad joke 
 Love these ladies!
Cue Zaha scoring against the England keeper 
He never was when conceding goals 
You’re welcome 
You know your mum is missing you when she starts finding any reason to text you 
I ask her if she wants to come to the gym with me and she shows up in all her new kit...
BRA!!!!! Ever finally get a song of 
When your fitness trainer puts your username as 'smallcalves' thanks 
'I come back and he is dating a dumpling' 
Steve & Dustin deserve their own 
Headed out of Knoxville like... 
 more than half the time .. even in the club.
Can't wait to trend when you score 
Sometimes you just gotta go for I
Thread 
 hanging with 
I just saw this and I’m crying 
  is actually calling this guest a "dick". And he's NOT referring to his name. I'm speechless. Always wanted to do something like that, never dared 
Twitter is something else 
When Jaws, one of the biggest monsters in horror, is reduced to the size of a shirt but still makes a big splash in reality somehow 
That deep inhale and exhale by 
At Target and this little girl told me she's here for the 50% off Halloween candy, and I've never connected more with a child
Sublime skills from Messi, delivering when it matters most. The commentary on this though beats everything!! 
OK, that's it for me for today. See you all tomorrow. If you want to know more about me, check out 
WHAT THE FUCK IS HAPPENING ON CNN?!! 
Want to apologize to everyone for last week and make sure our stadium is pack this weekend and yes I
I’m barely on chapter 1 and I love this book already.  I needed Jazz Bashara in my life. 
My lips was chapped Asf on all them ads 
S/o to the jax media who come in the lockerroom lol.. i don’t really like media but y’all coo off camera 
How did 
Here's 2... (or 3 
I’m wearing my bonnet right now as I tweet 
Caption this! 
We finally found an opponent Deontay Wilder (
 This Kurt Angle fan does it better than I do. 
 I should start squatting more just in case.
Been saving this one for a rainy day. 
Dead 
This is basically my every time shooting the main event face off when every fan decides to stand up and shoot with their 18inch iPad above their head. 
I never did. This was all your work, Oglesby. I didn't actually know who he was until you said that to me 
LATE PASS: If you missed the details about my new podcast 
 that say “if this idea doesn’t work I’m personally going to destroy every single person in this room” 
Honestly, how great r these? And they support a good cause! 2 weeks only & they're gone. My OTH inspired Christmas & Hanukkah sweaters. Get a little "Murray" this holiday season
Less than one week left to order your shirt!! Let’s 
I love Gaten so much 
Me jumping to conclusions 
How well do 
The new Thor film is one of the funniest films I've seen this year. That end scene... 
That's a pretty hot triangle though. If we're gonna have a love triangle! 
whhen U get to the show at the time described on the Facebook event 
How you feel when your girl too pretty.
When people take FOREVER TO PAY! 
We broke him. Sorry community 
Our host with the most 
"I call [cars] radio hostage machines." - 
senior year of high school Juan Pablo was really feeling his oats in a TAPOUT shirt nine years ago 
Lol bad bunny is blowing up and idk a word he saying 
LOL!! I thought these were real photos 
Bruh that last pic tho
Yall niggas be SO focused on just sex yall don't realize some of these girls are funny & cool af personalities more dope than ya homeboys 
should i buy this for JackJ when they come to europe? 
A surprising  benefit of never actually coming in first in a race is that it makes me a better marketer, I suppose?? I.e., I see women cyclists smoke me daily. 
 having 
That nigga Fenix was stupid po’d up on the No Jumper interview with shoreline mafia 
WE WAS SAYIN THIS ALL DAY
If you ont got 
NOBODY KNOWS WHO DID IT IT’S A MYSTERY, ASK VELMA ASK SCOOBY HE’S HISTORY 
These niggas from Awwwwwwkansaaaaaaaaa 
"The nominees for the most tainted men..." -Goldie Hawn 
Alright.... I SLEPT on GoldYard.... these niggas kinda fiRe as FUCK! LOL! 
 she got us fucked up fleecy breathe stink
Chancellor goes “ Mommy , I wish I could hear the song about sleep walking “ 
when jonye throws unnecessary shade 
 Boosie cold lol
Duuuuude
"There's nothing more winsome about pastors fighting on Twitter. This is what it's all about."
This is brilliant! 
Love 
All my problems be coming at me like 
this was deffo much funnier than I expected 
This show is jooooke
This is actually jokes 
Nahh 
Always laughs with 
 is a nigga new crush 
He actually kills me 
 I want this jumper though 
Lmao actually does happen
The pronunciation of "congestion" has me dyinggggg 
This dude is hilarious
 Truth!
MOOOD!!!! Birthday in 2 hours!!! Turning 21!! 
Y’all know what to do... 
“Juuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu Juuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuu” 
Time for 
I just quoted a tweet asking my roomate a question instead of going into his room and asking him in person... this pretty much sums up my entire life LOL 
To all my amazing fans I’m planning my next show and inshallah it will be Bigger & Better but if you like miss it again 
These kids are not serious at all 
Hahaha yes yours to Dk 
MATCHDAY! 
No better inspiration than Mahi bhai and Ro showering us with their blessings 
  is the biggest liar in the  history of BB ! She makes me laugh when she lies 
I can’t stop laughing Mika!!!!
Kyla is OBSESSED with 
Big thanks2 
On a scale of 1-10, how perfect is this guide for the major 
YES!!!! Big Head 
The punter of the 
“Debbie McGee your a lucky women” - 
  "THESE ARE NOT SPIRIT FINGERS... THESE ARE SPIRIT FINGERS... AND THESE.. ARE GOLD!!!" 
Doing my guy 
The guys behind 
The little family as South Park characters
What a journey it has been to dance on this show and hopefully break some perceptions!Now they need to find someone who keeps their bum in!
Don't know if I'm more annoyed that i messed up the anecdote about 
Well that was a strange one!! 
What a fun dance!!!Had a great time on that dance floor tonight!May be lacking some technique but you have to enjoy the moment
love this!!
Have to say thank you to 
Welll.... i think its fair to say that was not my finest dance thus far 
This prank is genius 
My bad! I don’t like losing!!! 
Q: What happens when you put 
18 hangry body builders & the legend that is Ainsley...
It’s school visits day and 
“I find it so hard to drink a beer quickly, I’m not the daughter you dreamed of” 
Class of 2017, great pic 
Sorry 
Dawns been in Vegas for 3 days ... my entire week of pots ... 
It would be ever so romantic if I had some company 
The Mugabe Hollywood movie is already in the making y’all 
I used to make such an effort. Now it's a miracle if I brush my hair in the morning 
'Wise he so small' 
Thought I'd surprise 
Bandwagon squad. The bench warmers are ready 
How 
Normal humour for 
This is too good!!! As if Prue tweeted the winner...some time difference! 
Retweet if you agree this is one of the greatest comedy moments ever 
When your team car is far behind but your adrenaline says "keep going!" 
Fuck sake 
everyone i’ve been meeting in the States so far have been coming up to me saying “mans not hot” look what you’ve done 
Whirlwind Waller looking like captain planet
When you’re away on cycling business and you think you’ve gotten away with sneaking your dumbbells into your bag until your coach takes it to put it in the car 
Best wildlife photobomb selfie ever 
Pleasure 
Lolololololol Jimmy omg this episode 
RT for 
Made some new friends at Comic Con this weekend.... 
 I was bored...
When it’s picture day at school and you’re just a tad too excited about it. 
We had an absolute blast discussing flirting, cheating and open marriages in our "Hot Topics" with none other than 
Waiting for tonight's episode to drop like... 
 Nicole forgot that she shared the screen with host Stephen Colbert in Bewitched. Watch it here: 
I bought a blue berry muffin today, lost it for a few... Just found it :D YUMMY! By losing it I mean I couldn't find it in the kitchen 
Played the game called "Getting Over it" I can say I'm terrible at it and now I hate life 
Our Jake loves the 
Bargain alert! All three Rabbits Leap books are now just 99p! Christmas has come early!  ...
Y'all have no idea how formative Sailor Moon was for me as a teen. 
This entire thread, but especially this. 
When you still can't find Contenders Season 2 info.. 
Shut up and take my money 
With a 4-3 loss to 
Someone needs to just make a montage of 
 Click here to watch the full vid:

 what's up with this? what about are mansion haha 
Official petition for 
First time trying written journalism, plz let me know what you think, thanks 
@comiclonilove gets them every time.   Hilarious 
Ahh bliss, the laughingist programme on TV has again done the business
Da Woof, Da Woof, Da Woof is on fire!!
When you can’t afford a cool costume so you just go as a 
LJW is ace, listening now! Spot on Northern accent impressions too 
Taaaake my haaaaand
Oh and has anyone else mistaken me singing "take my head and give me heart" for "take my HAND?" Who's hand!? What? where? who!!?? 
Paha this is hilarious. Ain't a 'Jenkins' no more 
Bruh I was really ugly bro 
Only in NOLA
Only in Glasgow

Federer hits a drop shot...

“Gonnae no dae that” 


It’s wrestling season .. which means we gonna see a whole bunch of refs doin this 
 I couldn't find the rhythm
Right 
  yes Johnny boy
Clock would have run out? 
Memphis folks are too funny foo
Really enjoyed the 
Lmaooo I’m crying at the cut block
Screenshot recording 
Y’all don’t know food ! 
Because I can be an animal in the kitchen...
This has done the rounds ... but worth a reminder whilst he squeals!!! 
Karren Brady on the Apprentice every week taking the piss out of the contestants decision making then she goes & hires David Moyes. 
News is 'officially' out! 
Love pulling this absolute pearler out of the photo album now and again 
It’ll be an even better show on Saturday 
I'd just like to say a huge thank you to the wonderful 
Congratulations on popping the question, 
FACT: The one man who can stop Storm 
This meme has just made our morning. 
Wait... Who played Real ? 
 did I do it right?? 
Y’all remember when we were so shook the first time she sang it like this 
That moment you see your next climb and decide you should fuel up first!! 
Howling 
: Schnitzel & Giggles
“You’ve had your eyebrows microbladed and now you’ve had your lips done, what next a boob job” I think I’ll pass on a boob job thanks mum
I finally have a top lip
I put a fake Halloween hand in my sleeve and told him “high five” 
I blow up me mums car ...sorry mam 
One year today me and 
 Us after a few mulled wines at the Christmas markets
Thought I had tuned into 
Mine has built Lego, does that count? 
Kitty accidentally pressed the turbo button 
This is what blogging is all about. Using your voice for the greater good. 
Please can somebody send Matt something better than gel filled pants?! 
Love a prowler push! 
Can't get good selfies on the beach at Uttoxeter sadly 
Third time seeing 
As from tomorrow the new wind op tool is open on the BHA site. As Finula had one today, I could be the first to declare. Exciting times 
Buried me head first 5 days before his 1st chase and win. Still a sweet horse. You probably deserved it 
Duel Gr1 winning jockey Oisin Murphy before his 1st ride in UK. Using his passport to get across toll bridge into wales 
I am very proud to have taught 
I once worked in an agency that put a TM on “3D”. 
Thanks for the giggles 
Never laughed so much seeing 
I'm howling. Someone on Facebook marketplace is selling cooked rice for £5 a portion. COOKED. RICE. 
Spieth has spent his day training with Aussie sporting royalty before the Australian Open! 
# Gladders yoga... Oh close but no Dreamies ! 
Everyday when I look in the mirror. 
Wow! Big ding dong happening on twitter between ex players pre-Ashes! 

Them post-carnival feels...

We've all got that one mate! 
Very relaxed the Headwater foals!! 
Deep Impact (JPN) sharing a joke with 
Absolute class nigh at the 
We just had to 
Us every morning 
Mike Leach gives me life 
I've been boycotting his show for a while 
Thanks for the laughs. 
King Callow, don't ever change! 
Get around it! Profits going to 
Introducing Smart Arse Cars. Because Jockeys in Smart Cars makes total sense right?! 
OMG GUYS --- stage light mode 
Perhaps the best iPhone portrait I've taken yet 
If you ever want to know who the celebrity in the airport lounge is it's literally the ONLY person wearing sunglasses inside. Lol. How is that productive in any way? 
What they didn't want to show you....... 
"Gutted"about the last couple of days
One thing I can stomach is being back home with my girls 
 young mark taking 
 Can't beat good neighbours Can ye Bryan 
Great handover speech! 
The Big V on the grill today bashing out 4,000 burgers for the staff 
I now very much regret not going to the North London derby. 
Last day of training feeling my fancy in my special 
 managing to ride in Limerick and the Pardubice 
 never turned in this morning obviously had better things to do! 
When we were VERY young 
We have no details on this 8 second clip, but it's amazing 
Shits and gigs 
 from 
What do you think 
What's the World's most 
Checkout 
Bored so i thought id take a Selfie with the selfie gnome 
You don’t wanna know what I think of West Brom, we’re on tv. 
My kids , back in the day when they could cuddle each other 
The ridiculous commentary of Pro Evolution 2! 
All things great about Scottish football here! Peebles committee man argues with 2 kelty players and follows it up by sending them a box of shite through the post 
Lee Sharpe on Eric Cantona and his red against Crystal Palace 
Pretty delighted that someone with a good heart is working for the government. Best of luck 
Retweet if your mum did say most of these to you... 
Lilo loved seeing 
Make sure to tune into 
Who are they?? Not a clue 
Winner alright 
What a show! 
 is my fav 

Sorry i just couldn't resist 
There were laughs and a wee tear at Paddington 2 last night ! Thank you 
We made Motherboard 
I think MimbleWimble is extremely cool. Not sure if Bitcoin/Litecoin can adopt this in any way though. We will see!

Excited to see so much new stuff coming out these days now that developers can move past all the BS.

Is everyone sick and tired of all this winning yet? 
Every school I go to, the kids' first question is: DO YOU KNOW 
 attn: 
So now I'm being compared to Tin Tin lol 
A guy asked me to help him in REI while I was carrying around some climbing shoes and for a second I thought he thought I was an employee 
Bit heavy uso need to lay off that KFC 
Finally caught out..whoever made this meme 
Another great morning with 
You going to work on door or behind the bar. 
Kurtley Beale on the flank 
I’m dead 
Client told us to choose video conferencing tool and that they would join w video and dial in w phone because they always find audio quality to be crap. I set the call up with 
One of the best scenes in Film history 
Loving curb your enthusiasm can’t believe only now really getting into it just finished the 1 where Richards bird has a peanut allergy 
Rocky music 
 “I can’t do it “ 
I’m scared I’m scared 
No one really but sometimes you've just got to say what you think
Welcome to Wales 
They mean business 
Happy Halloween from related arts! 
This man dancing to Michael Jackson's ‘Remember The Time’ at a recent Janet Jackson concert absolutely KILLED IT. 
 would be proud 
 I’d love to come in and perform “Dust in the Air” 
 once you have helped 
Goodluck 
 funny guy!
watched this video about 10 times trying to figure out what they're all doing individually 
I’m real life 
 have a good week Alan. Hope you’re well xx
Expectations Vs Reality 
Who did this. 
That fat beardy bloke on the left is an imposter! 
He thought nobody could see 
ANNND we can could have called it, one day after Halloween and the Christmas trees are up in Milton Keynes! 
Someone please fist bump 
Are Rob & Danny really that fun? OH YES DEFINITELY 
Yo.. just listened to that whole interview and lowkey sad bruh 
I mean 
Tim from York in his natural habitat watching the trailer for Star Wars The Last Jedi! 
Clearly struggling to contain myself 
 on whales 
and 
the naked cruise 
story 

Wonder how soon they can deliver the bag I want 
I'm a reaction gif 
This made my day 
Not all heroes wear capes 
Please rescue me 
Loving the PC 
Conor McGregor switches sports, takes on the best and makes £100m.

And there's still people slating him behind their keyboards 
So how much hate will I get from all the old school trance guys if I make a rework below 4 mintues? 
Nothing like the feeling of being out at a bar and hearing a song coming only the radio only to realize you mix and mastered it 
Mike Dean ladies and gentlemen 
Collab w/ 
This hilarious tweet from De Gea has gone viral 
Liverpool's biggest problem perfectly summed up in one tweet! 
SHAME: 
Retweet if you're laughing at Liverpool
 Wow Airbourne! Now that is how to put on a Rock Show...best gig I have been to for ages!! My ears are still ringing!! 
Goal setting and mixing with the worlds laziest DJ... 
 wasn't looking for that kind of drink... 
Enjoy a Comedic Countdown to 2018 with 
The 40 a day Cola Lifestyle Vid’s still filing up our Instagram inbox 
Play time...? 
The fact that people are so envious of my music that they copy it, makes me laugh 
just sat down at breakfast in Montréal next to an older American couple. they got their drinks and the grandpa says “GRACIAS!” 
Amsterdam Dance Event let's be havin ya! On my way to join the rest of the uk at ADE  
Fourth time this year getting to see 
 see you folks tomorrow at johnnybrendas for 
LaVar Ball's troll level is unmatched. Chris Cuomo is worked. 
But shoutout to 
The t-shirt I needed every day of K-12 
Why am I still up?  Cuz it was 80s night. Let's hope there's no photography 
Doing interviews with ppl about what’s changed since election 1 yr ago. One man says, “a lot’s changed, go look it up on the internet.” 
Lol accurate 
Hollywood is not sleeping! The 
Spinal Tap audio under Trump is 
Is it just me or did Chris Christie twice duck his head to get into the frame on natl TV? 
Anybody else see those 
!!!!! POOR JIM!!!!! Girl, don't give him no palm butter or potato greens!!! He'd DIE!!! You are those chips like they were candy!! I'd say you won. Poor Jim!! 
LOOK AT HIS EYES! 
TUNE IN! Trust me ... it's worth it 
I do! Every Christmas and sometimes just because 
 I watched you on FB live, why do you have to attack your Dad so much? No wonder he called you evil twonk 
I feel like I shouldnt, but my second chorus sounds shocking compared to the first which is just as i want it and im desperate to just copy and paste 
I've no idea why that tweeted the same pic twice 
That’s amazing
Gett'n my game face on for 2018! 
Y’all.. look at this chic-fil-a rap video 
It’s rivalry week. 
chill 
So funny 
I like how I blocked 
Watching Rose McIver’s Christmas movie and yo 
I thought those woods looked familiar and then BAM shia surprise Castle 
Me: I love coffee! 
My friend: I hate coffee!
Me:


WHEN YOU DIDNT EAT SUHOOR AND YOU HEAR THE ADHAN 
Looking forward to getting to my pod people at 
I'm sorry, but that's hilarious!! 
ROH even - so excited I've got twitchy tweet fingers 
My reaction to being on public transport 
After accepting a dare by 
If you like comedy, then you'll love this! All proceeds to ACT. 
“It’s a pretend village...” 
Loving Straight Outta Love Island 
brilliant 
Why I love twitter
Dear Tottenham, that's another trophy we have won at your ground. 
 what a little shit 
This is how 
Meanwhile over in the Bundesliga! 
Noooooooooooo 
The only John Lewis 
This is about as close as I get to a motorsport action shot these days 
F r i d a y  flatlay 
Dustin the Turkey has just showed up 
"Lions, they don't recover like humans."

"We're doing the lions thing again, yeah?"


Awesome to see 
Being scared is human 
Took a sneaky trip to 
It's only right that I tweet when 
We could not do this picture any better if we tried 
Hahahahahahahaha 
Raccoon discovers rolling is so much more fun than walking 
Looks like she is missing doggydaycare to me 
No I don’t that scandalous and ludicrous 
Shoot, I guess embrace it 
artist george condo created multiple paintings for the 
Hitting the headlines 
 Jurassic Park read aloud by Richard 
"That was my twin brother, who knows nothing about football!"


Good to be back in a wig cap 
you trying to throw shade at me?
Never drinking a whole bottle of tequila on twitch again 
 time with 
 lets get out of silver II 
When did you change your name 
This has made my day...
At least there isn't an Everton player on this list ........oh....wait a damn minute .....KEVANOVIC!!!!.....all tap ins of course 
This time last year waiting to skydive into the 
Some of the names for this years 
Need something to do during the int. weekend? Stevie G & co are playing at the 
Cheers for the 
Cracking day... but crashed and burned against some serious players! 
When you start having dreams that you are at 
When approaching an under contract minor directly once & being reported to the FA isn't enough....... 
At customs at Heathrow (thin) and some elderly lady from Australia just came in to try to declare some nuts and some worthers original 
I’m so excited for all you lot having your DVD’s ready to go for tonight. Enjoy. Cup of tea/beer/wine. Tissues
I knew I got it somewhat wrong/right depending on how you look at it
Love you
Just a puppy running in slow mo because you deserve it 
it genuinely was!! 
I heard the most brilliant thing today.......  
.

Trump being referred to as "The orange Joffrey" 
.

You're welcome 
Onnthe way to luton gukpt please give ne kassoufs table could do with the chips 
Took down the £330 luton put kasdoufs chips to better use 
Just caught up on this weeks 
It wouldn't be 
Dizzy Pens 
When Estonian Jesus met 
Did someone say soreen ??? 
And the piece de resistance! 
 wouldn’t want it any other way.
Not doing bad for a fat lad! 
Have a listen, you won't regret it. 
Huge congrats! I remember when we were both around 130k, now im at 132k and you are at 200k 
Well that's my evening sorted! 
They said I got a Pharrel type flow!!!
Funniest thing I’ve seen all day 
Guy wakes up from surgery, asks to see nurses tits 
Good morning, Wed 22nd Nov, hump day, and there's another reason today sticks in my mind, can't think why though 
Good Morning. Thursday beckons with news today that the secret to youth is eating chocolate and drinking red wine, a study suggests. Looking good for me then 
 must have hurt him to put him in
A winning solution to Page 3 from 
 

Why don't fanchants exist in the US??
Harper down to 13 and us to 14 a wee bit scrapie this one 
Patrice Evra’s kung fu kick is even better with music 
Trigger's story about his cousin is one of the greatest
Apparently the BBC documentary 'Labour, the summer that changed everything' was originally meant be called 'The day Labour died' or something to that effect. They wld have got away with it too, if it hadn't been for those 13 million meddling voters. 
This is brilliant from Sandro Schmitter! We think 
Shared my life story for one of the biggest Football clubs in the world last night. Come a long way since my 1st one reading off a piece of paper in an old leisure centre in Chesterfield 
Thank god for that! Absolute joke how much these none entities are getting and poisoning the mind of the young to think reality tv is a brilliant job prospect 
Looks like I can use my fav World Cup joke again

what do you call a Scotsman taking part in the World Cup finals??

- Ref 


"IT'S HIT WITH NO REGARD FOR HUMANITY!"

This has to be our favourite piece of football commentary of all-time 
MIKE DEAN LOVES DARUDE 
Editing a video, and I’m getting so much amusement from this 
Someone get me some earplugs! 
They said it would take 2 seconds 
Sign them up for Cardiff Blue 
Had a blast at 
 The Class of 92 were not impressed with this penalty decision.


Alright Lenny... 
Ha who ain't on twitter 
This little woman was very impressed with the Bull 
Cant beat Gavin & Stacey
Wenger's put down of Merson here 
Great pic from yesterday’s 
Well I would love to see them play 
Great to play with my former Assistant Pro David Allen at 
Was just about to message you. Yes, early start - but at least we will take the early clubhouse lead! 
This motherfucker soltan really wrote is name in the wave form of The Realm...I'm shook 
Holy shit the DJ at this clothing store in Perth recognized me when I walked in and played my tunes 
80's night 
Many thanks to the host golfers from 
After calming down from the disappointment 
 when did you meet David Beckham? you look young there
 stinking bloke
WINNER: Tweet of the day. 
Saturday nights in Glasgow producing yet again
One great thing about being home... looking at old pictures. This one from 2007 in France with 
The jealousy is hilarious 
This tweet did not age well at all
@LDTay where did his helmet go?
I can't get over how funny this is 
"Share your sprinkles with your baby?" "Noooo I just share them with myself" 
There are some belters 
None thanks! Hospital will be just perfect 
A 9 hour sleep at 30+ weeks pregnant. My happiness level is ridiculous 
Superscoreboard’s Mean Tweets...coming to a screen near you soon 
AI has arrived 
This is the best thing you will see this weekend... 
QUALITY: Spurs fans chant 
Fantastic news 
RT : Don't Let The Traffic Destroy Your Night Out 
I know it's a serious issue, but has this guy on ITV news blagged a job as a sign language interpreter?! 
Yip it is embarrassing 
4 feet in the box ? 
Hahaha John Terry's mam there 
Blocked pussy man 
I feel I know who 
Absolutely phenomenal goalkeeping in the Sunderland v Millwall game today! 
QUALITY: Lee Sharpe's story of Sir Alex Ferguson after Eric Cantona's red card vs Crystal Palace. 
Tonight.... We're sure you've got loads of ideas... So pop in and see us.. Plus if you don't, we get to eat all the cake!! 
Clear evidence that you only need the right incentive to improve. 
What the fuck is going on 
Watch it 3 times and I bet you laugh 
One of the best mannequin challenges I've seen 
the description of this car on Ebay….
Must be an Essex joke 
 fuming
Also poor Pedrosa's wins are always over shadowed 
The amount of new people that I have meet because I wave to them, thinking I know them is insane! 
Can you guys get a room already 
Anyone else realize the presenter just announced Madison as Sloane reaching the final? 
Throwback to when these Newcastle fans stole an Arsenal fans scarf. 
Golf is dangerous 
This could be the video of the year!!! 
Come on then, own up - who was this? 
Photo bombed by the legend that is 10 times Dakar Simon Pavey! 
When you're too busy watching 
Here are our Top 5 favourite answers from Monday night's 
If there's one thing Mick Molloy knows, it's 
What TV show was that Mick? 
Not only did Simon Hill ace asking the questions, he even had a joke of his own! 
What was that Jane? 
What notorious gang is Sam Pang a member of? 
I’m CRYIN!! Snoop really be the voice for all of us and how we feel 
This guy sang cake by the ocean as different characters 
A couple of staff gave successfully got 
Twitter- Guaranteed worldwide next day delivery
Heard 
So my mum is off to a 'famous sportsmen' themed fancy dress tonight. Reckon she's nailed it
Father of 2 bro? Surely grandfather
George Bailey 
HAHAHA This guy is lit!!!
IT'S FAMILY WEEK 
Oh my god 
When your playing partners love it,hate it and then it finishes 1ft from the pin
@JenSkogerboe 
Thanks for bearing the cold ky 
I’m hoping ‘Angel of the Morph’ will be in the audience tonight! Maybe for a duet! 
 so unprepared! Shame on us!
IM LAUGHING SO HARD 
Alison Hammond talking about Vaseline and chafing on 
DEAD!!!! 
Dying at 
Hey early risers- the suns nearly up! Here’s my view from the lesbian loft 
Real life... 
My special Request. 
Good evening everyone, I hope you all had a fab weekend..still trying to work this whole twitter out 
Chat shit get Tased 
Don’t always allow it but let the boys have an open spar session tonight there were some big shots going in could’ve sold tix 
 yeah of course the young pups always follow in older siblings footsteps 
Richie Woodall has to be smoking crack or something before he commentates! He makes zero sense and always calls the scorecards wrong 
The Boost got 
 Eco Leaders finding out we are shortlisted for ECO Project of the Year 
I don’t think anyone fell for this...
Need to get myself back into camp! 
When the weekend sneaks up fast like....
Warren has Frampton in his ring, Warrington and Quigg In punditry, Degale and Selby fighting next month and Eddie Hearn bumders are angered at Warren using Sweet Caroline 
Man don't want that MUAY THAI KICK TO THE FACE!!! 
Ha! Thought I could handle the trauma but there were “no survivors” of 
Rocking the hard hat on abc news last night 
These Formula E drivers can absolute savages! 
Hacker wrote me on Monday. I responded couple days later then Hacker respond right away.. So why did hacker only write me? 
Could slide into any females DMs, instead he chose Eddie Chambers 
These tweets about "House Hunters" will make you LOL! 
Anyone with a sister will relate to these hilarious sibling moments. 
That Lavar Ball CNN interview was TOO funny. Straight performance art. 
Fishing just a bit different 
Here at Harvest Festival! 
Old head Northwood summer campers. Mr. McCray is so disappointed that I didn’t play college ball. 
 you realize your 
Lol 
Please help 
You betcha!
Bloody hilarious pic
I literally defy anyone to watch this video in full and not be smiling like a big idiot by the end!!! 
My manager made this... 
Dave Roush still has it, folks. He had to FaceTime me to tell me he won an indoor kart race today. 
Action on tomorrow 
Currently laughing at nothing to keep my self from balling..
Multiple failed attempts at using the “portrait” feature yielded these classics 
Someone please do this to “Shadows Inside” and send it to me. I
Peak hour in Jervis bay…
 
This herd of seals were spotted by our officers at Lamond Head on the Northern end of the Jervis Bay Territory.
 
These guys get our seal of approval 
who made that 
Always cool to see that great products are acknowledged, especially when it involves my friend 
4:30 am  and 
We all know it's not closing anytime soon 
Fresh Prince of Bel Air 
Ashley Davies tearing up the grass 
We all look so miserable here but we had a great time! 
 best film ever. 
Virtual drifting vs. Real life drifting with 
Why you got your gloves on for a photo 
He's definitely leaving the series if he's speaking to you lot 
Long time since I laughed as much as I did with these guys.. We survived and I had to have my Instastorys "signed off." 
Agree! How many rewound to see what popped up on his phone? 
Is Phil taking a sh!te or having a fit? 
whoever said the grass is greener must have made it up 
"F*ck being a vegan."

Safe to say that Haye & Bellew are preparing for the fight in VERY different ways 
Alex Bregman is living his best life right now 
 wildin’
I’m pushin kids out the way for my ticket period. 
 : 
when girls wake up in the morning after sleepovers we don't even talk to each other for a good 20 minutes we just sit on our phones
Jon Gruden's son is PC Principal from South Park. 
Meanwhile at Taste of UIC today 
Couldn’t agree more, although head still fuzzy 48 hours on! 
This will always be one of the worst game show answers 
'i'm not ready for kids' im crying 
JAMIE FOXX'S OPERA VERSION OF BITCH BETTER HAVE MY MONEY IS THE BEST THING EVER 
 Need a nice starter for next weeks lessons? 
 LBJ's spirit keeps him alive. He's probably still telling stories inside. 
Special shoutout to MN’s own 
Crushed it!! “Lots of hockey going on down there... let’s do the hockey!” 
ATTENTION: Somebody NOT named Jason Zucker has scored a goal for the Minnesota Wild. 
When your six year old son says his nickname for hockey is “Jake the snake.” 
5 years later and I still talk about this tweet 
When a customer wants to speak to the manager and the manager just tells them the exact same thing you did 
 spot on!
Yasss you did 
“How you gonna do that hockey?” 
 / Congratulations to our October winner 
You're not wrong. Its MY bike 
I know a few 
Should have been 'soon' not' zoo 
PowerPuff Girls 
Made it just over two years and we’re still married! Guess I’m doing something right 
Part 2 out today so far a fun filled 2017 season,well there were some tears and hard work too 
montreal was nice. heard someone at last nights show let out a literal *gasp* when we called it CLANADA
BEN - “TURBO TURBO POUNCE...DILLY DILLY” 
 finger crossed they listen to you 
I was referring to FGs and 
 what's really sad is 116 people actually liked this post!
When you’re number 1 in RPI and that direct deposit hits 
Screaming 
 on the road so far this season? 
Can’t take a group photo without somebody dabbing these days 
my heart is so full tonight 
long as it's Love's Taken Over and not Chante's Got A Man 
helped us refocus 
so, uh, safe to LeBron is "in shape?" 
Lucky 
NO DOUBT the women of 
It takes hella skills to get a win in "Flow Job" 
This cut would make flipping burgers so much better. 
Giving y'all a recap of how my Sunday is going..
Always hella jokes when our boy 
If Prince & Michael ever came to 
But who told 
Which move from "Eat That Ass Up" are you doing at the turnup? 
In CON we trust 
YOOOO 
 This Time I Got Denzel Washington As My Hype Man 
I Told 
Need me one of these for when my man is being extra annoying but I am so annoyed that I don’t want to speak. *puts cap on* 
I feel like I am in a secret club 
"Chilla Jones is boring, Clips is washed up" lol yeah ok 
THESE SUBWAY COOKIES WAS TOO FUCKING GOOD 
When ya homie ex post her new nigga 
My mind been lost 
What’s wrong w u 
dig the fighting skills Tory
tory gonna beat your ass man.
Celtics Nation Babyyyyy 
Soaked 
TFW you stream the 
Is the interval at 
Won a local today, made more than 5th at an S+ tier 
 a beverage is intended to quench your thirst. when you’re thirsty, you don’t automatically think to drink soup loll 
Not sure ideal 40th birthday celebration includes being away from the wife/kids, mucking up 2nd stage of QSchool, and seeing Thor alone. 
Have you got your tickets for 
A typical day shooting DHH was Nia (who plays Maddy) and I singing musicals and talking in funny voices. We had a blast 
I CANNOT STOP WATCHING THIS 
Vertaling: K3 loves you. 
The best 24 hours of the year!! Donate, stream or go watch some live improv now in Chicago 
What recovery looks like. By 
Omfg you guys are great
Haven't laughed this hard at an episode of 
Spotted my first 
Still listening to 
That turkey gobble during the Turkey Day Olympics song is cracking me up!
 and Producer tommy need some milk to chase the spicyness of the pepper sauce!!! Will literally save your tongues. 
Anyone else watching “Tina Turner Live in Holland” with their parents? 
This didn't age well. 
Haterz will say its photoshop 
Dude wild’n
Watching my friend 
Good point always pissed Ben!

A bit harsh on drummers? 
Dear internet blogs. How much you willing to pay for that baby pic??  
Suck a dick from the back and make a asshole clap. 
My life in a nutshell. 
I asked Lou Williams why he don’t play D. He said he be trying. He just not good st that shit 
When over 2000 adorable British accents are passionately singing your most profane song. 
Ian Bagg, making miracles happen one show at a time 
That time I ran into Clayton again since highschool 
Who wanna battle?! 
Faithful AF! 
When yo man find out the truth 
The Accidental Text on Purpose is the new Costanza Leave Behind 
Man We Such A Blast Last Week! 
Working on a topic for the show tomorrow... 
Hahaha thank you 
Gotta love our guys Gordon, Lamaar and Bortus. Always ready to play 
My mother just text me. She wants the lights on to sleep 
 who can relate 
totally oblivious to the fact that james franco and seth rogan are in this bar 
Haha 
A lot has changed since 2012 for amir khan 
Ah you definitely know it's Christmas with this fecker selling his album, concert, mug, tea towel or whatever shit he's flogging on TV. 
Ok this is actually pretty funny .... Warner Bros new company logo 
We all have that salty friend right 
I found a doodle-coat today! 
I’ll be driving for a few hours today...anyone know if 
This dog's reaction to lemon is brilliant 
How have I not come across 
 The queen of recaps! JUSTICE LEAGUE! I’m in the grocery parking lot in my car not missing a moment!! 
Back home from work - need to take Sherlock out for a walk - it’s raining outside and I think Sherlock has decided it’s ok to miss the walk and just have his tea 
We had such a gourd time today here in Irvine! 
I got our self titled album on repeat rn 
Craig and I are having a date day tomorrow which consists of going to a comic book store and painting 
Watch #73 
Just gotta get back and don’t get beat middle lil bro 
I still can’t get over how Harvey Dent didn’t recognize the Joker until he took off his mask. 
The face you make when you know the damage you can do but it’s not worth it 
Text from 
Julia is going to die a very fast death - H 
Well look what I found today... a sunflower mouse pad... yes I still use a mouse 
This job is killing me 
A fun season 
See yer Da called into the radio this morning saying minimum pricing is the "SNP courting the gay vote" 
!!WARNING!! Very very cute clip of me performing Macavity from CATS at 
Honestly 
Enormous thanks to the 
I didn’t help with the moving, but I cooked! 
Cheery Monday notification vibes from 
My cat is the ultimate sleepy podge 
I needed this laugh!! Have a great Wednesday everyone!! 
This video of one of our pups Milford meeting his new baby sister has us 
I now remember why I got off twitter. Lol too many people be in their feelings 24/7 
I need a new artist bio 
At least you don't have to worry about paying extra for large condoms. Wait...
I'm 21 and already traveling abroad for work... hows your CV looking uni people? 
I like to open doors so people can go through them. 

Many before me have pulled it shut after them, locked it, swallowed the key, even when they shit it out, they re-ate it 
My album Night Gallery is out today! Feeling emotional right now 
Some throwback footage from the early days. 
Throwing on the 
 lmaooo look what myplayer said to ronnie
Another banger 
Just so you know!!! 
Lmao 
Yet delusional people still say Booker is overrated 
Naaahhh this jokes gone far enough 
Man like big shaq knows da ting off by heart obviously 
For the DJ's! 
This would be 
Just set my account up with 
Definitely got me 
Me without a filter lol 
LEGIT 
UKG Dances remain the GOAT dance moves 
When they can't figure out how it works 
Your not a DJ tho 
Watch how many ppl get one of these at Christmas n them call themselves a DJ 2 weeks later 
Things I look forward to in life:

Christmas with the fam

Studio or djing at a gig

And..... 


 yes mate much love x
This is great! 
Skinny Dip’n! 
 nice
Throwback to one of my greatest tricks ever... (based off time spent) 
Who's already excited for tonight? 
Nothing like laughter 
Most funniest thing I heard at LAN 
Come on mate, don't take it personally 
We gunna be bankin 
You voted for a comedy scene yesterday. 
Our Dota team is facing two massive challenges tomorrow. IG and Jim Plivou getting up at 8 am. 
A story of happy accidents 
Looking serene... Moments before the wind blew my skirt up 
The Empire strikes back? With. 
Mangala...I’m worried already! 
My mum being one of them 
Just seen a tweet from the M E N about fans of 
Leave it to Y Combinator to finally boot former partner Thiel in the most convoluted, weasel way. Only in SV folks 
Xmas tree I bought fit so tightly in my sedan that I’m all the way up pressed against the steering wheel driving 
Protect your V 
Yooooo 
Listening to the 85 south show podcast on this road trip wit 
I can always count on the 
man I'm geeked over here cryin 
If u want a good laugh 
"See I'm a nasty n*gga" 
that pussy got a smell but ima fuck though 
 Not only a great magic show but you got me cracking up with your jokes! Thanks! 
First time doing an interview on TV today! View the segment here which aired on City TV Winnipeg: 
Because everybody knows that the only reason I travel is so I can have a good excuse to eat out everyday 
So guys, 2 hours before I leave for 1 month of travelling here is what my luggage currently looks like. When will I learn... 
One of the best prizes won to date - perfect timing too (I just broke my mug 
 i probably annoy the hell outta 
When the carpet looks hungry, too. 
 is because I
Going live with a short stream from my bed with Friday night hangs and Call Of Duty 
As the URL implies, I Leeroy Jenkined a bit too hard in this clip. 
Your juke moves are DISGUSTING lol. We had no answer for you, but thanks for supporting the channel 
Retweet if you're a better QB than Nathan Peterman 
Defense was on point all night and I blocked a guy's layup on a fastbreak off the wall, so that's my moral victory 
I can’t believe she’s only 3 
PSA about OGFam. We're not dead bitches. 
One solid month in. The gym has definitely boosted my overall morale. 
95% of the women I’ve talked to have been a waste of time 
A real man 
When you don't know how to fight Ex.Gian Flip 
Working the day before Thanksgiving... this should be a fun shift 
I literally just came home and devoured these cheese sticks...hungry af 
20 Rt's @Chef_DeRo , cmon cmon......JUST 20: SIMPLE !!
When he's going D1 but still can't beat me in anything... 
  hoppers shows people the type of person you are & not in a positive matter. Those people are not loyal and are joke. 
Really? My favorite part is when Fleein' Fuentes extrapolated massive intent off of single words and went on to say ridiculous things like "America is a Christian nation."


Aight I'm trolling, I don't know what they're doing at 2K 
Now you know how I feel all the time bro
Dee I hate u n luv u
Hot water
Throwing shade come indirect!!
Watched too many food documentaries 
This is brilliant 
A day for patience which is always a struggle for me 
You know the pro am is long when your am starts cramping up 
 never forget. Left wing back and hooked at half time. I was delighted. 
Anyone else do that thing when you’re assisting a patient with their food and you start closing your own mouth along with them? 
When scout leaders join in the games with their scouts - it soon becomes war!
Eat a pasty > see your fam 
If anyone knows my riding, they will know I can't do barspins very well. So this is a big thing for me 
Opposite allyoop lookback, check out that pout 
 crying 
 - we're coming for you in February at 
I see you fam 
Summer's over, but the advice is still hot on 


ANN7 has been dropping hints. 

We hope this materializes 
 Good night!
Make sure YOU dont do cause akere you are South African? 
I guess I lost my mind... 
My dad got a light strip and he called me upstairs to show me what he'd done... I don't know who's more proud, me or himself 
My voice is pooped 
Makes me laugh when I think back to my first Shiakri gig (Wrexham, Feb 24, 2016) 
"But you were compliant with the SSA's request to get the book off the shelves within 5 days ... You sold out!" 
Hahah how sweet, 
Crying laughing at pronouncing Kane's name as Kané. Although, it would make him sound more continental! My Spurs fan producer ain't happy! 
19 year old me
That’s the one! 
Gotta be smoother in the transition 
Floyd Shimvabu quoting exodus 20;14,
1pm is too far!!! 
Get in there! Let’s get this done before Xmas so 
Best 
Afternoon 
I need to work in front of the goal really 
Quite possibly be best tweet I've read in q very long time. 
Arrived for the NW NPG and 
 Mugabe 3-0 Rest of the World
Who says this can’t be done the other way around?? 
Stunning backdrop 
Phil asked this youngster a question.

And got an honest answer. 
Golf can give you so much joy & make you want to punch yourself in the head, all in one day 
Don't you mean "Odourous" 
I've just found out that Donald Trump once dated someone called Celina Midelfart.... You couldn't make this shit up! 
Did you also want him to look into your eyes again, romantically too! 
Funniest thing I've seen for a while! 
They could have waited till my hair grow back
3 under thru 6 ... 3over thru 7               Don't make 11's on a par 5 it hurts the scorecard  
I was told I could find my golf game at the end of the rainbow 
When you're the office hero... 
"I don't even like hugging people." 
Would anyone be interested in buying this one of a kind (
After last year's Europa League Final 
Why I think that if you're gonna choose a mate to marry n they have kids from previous relationships, you better be able to accept them and that their mother will somehow be in ur lives. Yes I said mate damn it 
THIS IS AMAZING!!! 
Lock up your mothers, daughters, friends and cousins...
Tonight - Check out this new dance move. That's one to try out this weekend on the d floor! 
She can't stand this about personalised number plates!!! 
Name something small and colourful... 
This would be the worst! Has anybody else had their head stuck somewhere?! 
What!? Does anybody else say Lego like this?! 
She had 14 FIREMEN to help her when she was locked out of the house... in her undies! 
One of the best/worst answers yet! 
Do NOT joke about 
Lookin like somebody’s hamster 
He did it
Austin just got me 
Lmfao 
I think we should do a full Xmas day snapathon of our different traditions because my god they are going to be so different 
 Cant bloody wait. Just gonna open a bottle of wine. Seems wrong not to 
The modern day dad just has to do it all ! 
This rondo went incredibly well - and James Milner was keen to rub it in 
'And the nominees for the People's Choice Award, voted for by the majority of people are...' 
AMAZING: The final minute of 
I just wanna know why some white people feel the need to do the absolute most in photos when they're around black people. We just be wanting to take normal pictures and y'all are out here looking dumb as hell
DS, GS, CX, 2CV... All the interesting ones! 
A little Leofric to brighten the day! 
Hilarious !
Our elections team is drowning in paperwork during the annual audit of the electoral register 
found this shot... 

no, THIS is how you put on a 
When you land in Brisbane and your driver introduces himself as Widnes! I said your not going to beat me three times on the way there are you and I’m definitely not using you next year as I don’t want someone who might go down on me 
Broxbourne here is your selfie (you’ll need your zoom buttons for his one 
Good thing he's there to hold the fort! 
Who wore it best? Me, or the sofa 
The most Liverpool performance by Liverpool ever 
I'm still waiting in the tunnel for his shirt pal. Surely he doesn't take this long to get changed. 
We've only just caught our breath! 
...and breathe 
61: The goals wont stop! 
Love that bro! Can’t imagine your celebration tho
Found it 
I just want to give 
Love this girl.. willingalerutherford 
Mischief at its best... 
Hangry Betty Boo... 
same face I make 
Broke my spending ban in spectacular money wasting style 
Just seen that 
Caught this little Mangrove Snapper..reason my face is like that is because I been waiting for ages to take a video of the Dolphins around us and as soon as I caught a fish a put the camera down two dolphins jumped out in front of me! Typical 
 your winter wonderland trip cracked me up and to top it... packet 
Tried to get a candid of 
That’s for life though 
But first I gotta get my there’s right 
 just cracked me up on his Snapchat story 
 the sesh snaps have me bad laughing 
Just seen 
 watching your snapchat has given my boring friday night a massive pump! "Got blocked in by this harry potter looking cunt" hahaha
If you're having a bad day, watch this
Think I have a new obsession 
I apologise in advance 
A little insight into how Little Moo got it's name 
Hannah is volunteering at Mission HQ in December and has found the perfect footwear! 
To be fair we can belt it too 
I CAN'T 
Me, teaching Annie the good riffs. 
Mom, clearly ready to hang up the phone: “alright well this has been great but I’ve got things to do.”

This is what happens every time I eat 
Goldie Lookin Chain - FEAR OF A WELSH PLANET 
 Don’t forget the frothy coffee!
Robert Van Persie on the torpedo 
Why is there no picture of Zlatan Ibrahimovic on the wall at Manchester United? 

Just wait for his answer. 
ChrisSutton gets wiped out by Stephen Craigan live on BT Sport. This is brilliant. 
Liverpool trying to send Oxlade Chamberlain back to Arsenal! 
Now it's done 
Joe! It's Joe! 
Oh Michel. 
What gives 
Wen u sing really high n annoy people early morning 
This quiz is like a riddle!! 
Nutcase! 
3 Stages of Curiosity 
The BCH pump in the past few days is super impressive. I should have kept my BCH!
The new pre-sale discount is the post-ICO dump 
I can understand the desperation!! Karni sena n other protesters wiill face huge existential crisis post the release of 
Its bizarre!! the whole 
This is what 
One of the best photo bombs I've seen in a while...crying! 
So this is how we got our Karaoke started in Tokyo!  
  HINA angry over vikas for touchng her!
Hina harks back to the day sunny came into the house. On that day you had put chocolate all over my face and then you licked off the chocolate from your fingers. I was really offended by that! You shouldn’t have done that 
That moment when someone uses people’s content to bully them, and they get what was coming to them. 
Wow you guys are good, it is mean girls 
Wow you got it!! Yes indeed the wild party 
"The Kauai Kid" 
Haha i remember going crazy in the stands thinkin he missed it
Ready for a great lunch near the “blue” school w/ a couple of former “Red” school guys across the state! 
Ps, 
Had a dream last night. I never do those & it was boutta snake. And NO, not 
"DID YOU THANK THE DOCTOR FOR BRINGING YOU INTO THIS WORLD?" 

Lavar Ball is PURE comedy! 
"tHeY mUsT bE gOInG To dALLaS" 
 I was hella weak when he said “Jazmin” 
Karaoke last night, singing some Bob Dylannnnn! 
I made this as a joke and it’s miraculous to me that people are still buying this. My mother and hers before her were both teachers. I don’t actually approve this message. 
me: i’m literally so fucking depressed 
local girl: us in fifth period
EMO night ready with 
So you saw her, stood next to her, took photos and was too scared to get her number? Now you want us to pull her for you 
I wanted to wait a little longer get before announcing this, but I'm already showing so it's going to be hard to hide either way lol but I'm having a baby! He or she will be here summer 2018 since I only ever have summer babies it seems 
THE LAST ONE THO 
Watching the magnificent 
Like I said 
My husband needs work.... Kids need Xmas presents and I need wine.. Help a girl out? Give him work 
I dedicate this video to 
Hardest survey ever 
Morning! 0715 on Saturday but let's PARTY! This "old" guy is a mug.. he gets up to look after me, while the kids that wanted me are asleep or not even home!
Eire v Denmark...

Is it best out of 3 games or first to 3 WINS? 
Who knew naming a dog was so difficult..? 
The arrival of the pup hopefully ..on Sunday! Hi viz ready..
"Dad?! Can you make that soup again? The one you made 15 YEARS ago!" 
I can't be the ONLY person who hates talking on telephones!
Don't call me because I 'll not talk!

New fav filter 
 one of the coolest gifts from a fan of all time, Tuckdogg action figure! Serious effort I miss that hair and beard
We were lucky enough to get a rare look at 
This is the best thing ever 
Do you ever see ".......is typing" on Snapchat and just think fuck off not today 
I cant even...? 
 very true.
Can't bring myself to carve a pumpkin after last years masterpiece 
We all love you 
Schalke Fans are lit! 
This is a proper tackle 
Walking dead finale had me stood up infront of the tele for the last 20 minutes 
Said a draw will do us 
Remember when the NFL sent us a cease & desist for our 2010 Saints in the Super Bowl party? 
 epic! 
I saw a great sight after coming in from college! 
Watched the Duco events presser 3 times to ensure I wasn’t dreaming it 
That moment when some bears find out Cottonelle comes with 20% more sheets than Charmin. 
40% 
Lots of options for 
 invented it! Me and 
Thanks Mick 
I can David it was class!! 
I’m sure if I bought them another one and explained to them I could fight a bit they’d be fine! 
One of my sons is his double 
yep I have a big mouth
In the last fortnight these beanie hats have crept back out. These are back in stock in the next fortnight. You can order yours now ready for release just £15 each. Modelled by 
A lot easier than the tennis balls 
2017 Grand Slam of Darts Champion....but when you gotta go, you gotta go! 
I shouldn't laugh but... 
So what's the chances of a part in number 3 then 
2 years ago 
that's you hiding around corners looking for me 
Oh no! Wonder if Michael will be oot!!@AlexArthur1 
I thought it would look petty and vindictive if I didn't invite him and as a petty and vindictive individual I have to take extra care not to appear petty or vindictive  
What's long and hard that a polish bride gets on her wedding night ? A new last Name 
Ahahahahah look 
Don’t come on here often, but when I do it is always kicking off 
So many weirdo ratty cunts in boxing! Set guys need to start getting a slap in my opinion 
Steve Nelson is legit crazy
The love that my mum has for 
Were you as happy as this when Neymar got booked 
 tweets be motivating me throughout my entire day and be getting me through practice lmao 
Fuck sake man 
And Horn calling out Floyd is like Lil B calling out Kendrick to battle
Hilarious! 
Just passing through reading the comments 
Not easy having 20,000+ rabid fans remain totally silent.. 
We've got to go with 
I be so happy. I be smiling for absolutely no reason.  
Jesus
Woooowwwwwwwwwwwwwwww point the demon out 
This time next yr Ill have a bae 
Mum came out with another corker in response to me playing the piano "I don't know if I'm just getting old, but that actually sounds nice"
You already did talm bout bacon is trash 
If you can’t respect my call of duty, 2k, or madden hours then you can’t get wifed up 
Certain people would never be able to understand or relate! 
What is this I'm hearing....? Fed up of these MMA dudes trying to make a mockery of my sport!! 
As requested by the champ himself. 
1st man to stop the very awkward Miguel Vasquez. An unreal talent and a top top lad with some serious dance moves 
Got myself in my first pack 
 Class, congrats 
Love your dad? Love a LOL? Here's our Dad Joke Face Off - footie style 
10k retweets for a free round at the airport before 
Show love to one uks best comedians 
Mama Never raise no fool 
Fuck me 
Always nice to see a few familiar faces 
"Jack Midson headed The Head ahead" 


Outta nowhere!! 
Buzzing !! Great win 2-0 win tonight , scored another header 
Ahh another one 
 every man on 
 I’ve been thinking about it too mate 
Hope one of the Bushtucker trials is one round with Briedis Prescott. We can vote Amir & they'll all go hungry for the night. 
A few England caps being given away cheaply tonight. Loftus Cheek hasn't ETR'd for me. Livermore over Shelvey as well. The England DNA. Hahahahaha 
 Hahaha just send up the check B!
Thanks for all your messages old man still got it 
You ever heard something so shit it's good 
Thanks for all your messages love playing in Dublin but 
Yeah, because 'underdogs' (
10 players on our way 
A League Of Their Own Roadtrip 
 Kit man (and head of sweets) Dai does the dab with 
. I quite enjoy a good reasoned debate tho 
No my wifes not famous enough for me to get in 
I’ll be honest I come on here and I cringe reading some of this.Its nwn football for fuck sake.
 trying to be someone I think what u think 
We will keep in contact, biggest lie ever told when leaving school 
Quality 
Finally
Still can't believe Jordan Doherty fell through a table in Martha's 
yeah put some slide tackles in didn't ever see you once make a slide tackle 
Irish fans cheering people buying Victoria's Secret in Denmark today... 
Celtic have taken the lead at PSG after 57 seconds 
The England match was that shite last night, the highlight was a paper airplane flying into the net
Being sent to the shop for one item, but forgetting to buy it 
 im done
Crouchy
Happy bday to the young pup known as philo!!! 25 today 
Meanwhile, in Argentina... 
Could watch this for hours 
Shock you was eating crisp 
Barton going in on Eubank 
TAG a COACH

Seems Medically Legit to us 
This kid thought he was getting a PS4 for his birthday... 
Went off on here last night then 
Didn't get to see the match, was in Scotland but back now and....I AM SOOOO HAAAPPPY!
 love it!
When Del Boy outsmarted Boycie in poker, brilliant!
TIP: Don't get stuck in a 
CLASSIC: Mike Parry attempting the cinnamon challenge... 
Good Crazy with my Bro 
Burwell Swifts own 
Player of the month for October is Kevin De Bruyne 
Mate it’s only Mark Noble’s shirt not Messi’s 
I have watched 
Arsenal
Oh dear... Looks like he had a change of heart... 
 bro even your mother knows thats false 
Nanny's becoming quite the photographer 
How to prank a referee - Keep going to the back of the line.
The North London Derby 
Amir Khan when he pulled that snake out 
We already kinda went there 
I was thinking 9 months A YEAR! 
The things 
Eeek Faye's 
1 Year since 
 first thing in the suitcase case mate!!
The apprentice is in charge of catching the dust. 
So apparently, an injury caused in the 
gym is called a gym-jury 
 went full-on Game of Thrones on that piñata last night 
I finally got notified that 
I’m in fort worth Texas, where should I
Who remembers the time 
Through the years at 
Justice for 
Culture is something else man... 
'Kids Vs Art: Wired Open Day' PODCAST SERIES ONLINE

Zimbabweans 
Hanzi “ I’m at the march with my wife and small house walking next to each other because today we put factions aside” 
Today Botswana RSA exchange benchmarking trips and trade has increased. That is why we played stupid when they came looking.
Can you see me in the 
I quit being Zimbabwean 
Too much sauce 
This is just mindblowing! This guy will put us out of business 
Send us the GIF that best represents how you felt when you got a ticket to our tour! 
Frank Nitti Stories on a Thousand 
Evra with the kick to the head!! 
That Dominican “What you saying?!?!” Be changing dude’s stories quick. 
 Bodied Jeff and Eric on the AKA's 
That goatee 
It's that time of the year where you have to bring out these blankets, big up you if you can relate 
Wow I spelled digital really good in the post 
Here's what happens when you try to mix business with pleasure 
Haha! This is so RAD!! 
Well thats enough internet for today, i really don’t feel like seeing ya’ll cry, whine, and complain about this shit 
Ciara trying on Russell’s High School jersey.
“If I had known you in high school we would have had bout six of these kids”
“babe STOP” 
walkin in Eiffel with my thanksgiving plate in my hand 
Idk where Kelly found this, but this year’s bday shirt takes the cake. I only made her watch these movies a billion times. AND virtually every person my age that walked past me today started singing “Rocky loves Em-i-ly!” 
-son i thank God i neva went to school wit 
-im just tryna be brought home & introduced as somebody educated boyfriend & get a plate Thursday 
If he pays for your Uber’s, he’s a keeper 
“ur only 19? omg ur such a baby
Asked my dad to pick me up from the club, but I was hiding in my room. CAN'T BREATHE 
who told people that complimenting somebody that “inspires” you and promoting your latest track within the exact same message was good networking 
IM CRYIN!! SNOOP REALLY BE THE VOICE FOR ALL OF US AND HOW WE FEEL 
Its 2:24 lol I shoulda went to ol gir house before i left ny... Pitstop 
 Should Do A Show In Chicago I Would Be Da First To Purchase Tickets 
Have sold 260 million album !!!!!!! 
This thread
Me with no make up on 
Omd 
I swear this video killed me...I had no idea that I was that bad in high school 
If you gotta tell lies on social media or YouTube for clout, in my eyes your nothing but a geezer straight up 
Oi this Ghost Rider Kush is doing biiiiiiiits 
 I've done similar before I hear ya
It's peak because all I could think about before going into my exam was 
This policeman has deffo lost his job 
Haha bro, tweet of 2017, Na wait. The 2000’s 

Na wait, tweet of twitter since twitter started 
84.... last time I checked it was mid 90s. I need to meet some of the 16% you know bro 
So I guess Wenger is staying then 
Woahhh Nella Rose interviewed AM and Skengdo. 
 CHIT CHAT WITH 410 FT AM & SKENGDO
Not really, but every interview he seems like a tool.


Fuck 
People will say " you've changed " Just because your progressing without them
Dame Judi Dench rapping with 
This is how I woke up. 
Girls you know when you have a fresh wax it has to be appreciated 
Muay thai sock to the face 
Calm once I've got a lil cash I'll resubscribe to Apple Music and Spotify just for you lot 
Man said Theresa Mao you're taking the piss 
I love airports cos the rules of society don’t apply. Eat pizza and drink alcohol at 7am in a tracksuit... NO ONE CARES 
Fam, Bradders & I were still on top deck of buses at 17/18 talking shit & drapsing at the back 
This is actually the funniest thing I've heard since they where born 
Fucking CLASSIC 
That means urrrr body fuck wit you cause you doing good 
Some ppl jus love the sound of there own voices 
Pablo was fixing petrol pumps and changing tires when she was making her first billions for trafficking cocaine 
Been tryna tell people this for years 
Watch the making of 
Had a kickass time during the shooting of the song Twist from Love aaj Kal 
The look you have when they’re talkin crazy but you know they’re not built like that. 
Wait...nigga we had a physics class in Cody High? Why the fuck wasn’t i told?! I must’ve really been a moron 
Lol @ “his lil friends” 
I get this all the time 
Saturday Turn Up!! 
I don't think anyone loves 
Yeah of course BUT murder is murder obviously if you’re defending your fam cool but fuckinghell lads 
Some man need to deep that money isn't worth selling your soul, losing your way of life and ignoring what made you who you are. Id happily prefer to be underground than making dead tunes with young thug or these mumble rap dons that wear dresses and blouses 
Linked up with 
"I'm in charge of a multi million pound corporation" nah you're a manager at McDonald's 
Certain people need this doing to them 
 Shaq wildin'!!!
 "NOONE CARREEES" 
them ones where you go through to 
If you know me you know im abit fucked. So Im going platinum silver. When I do this who wants to take photos of me 
“Is there such a thing as cursive calligraphy?” No such thing as a stupid question right...right?
Is your barber really a barber if he doesn’t answer the phone at least once while trimming you 
Man he violated 
“The floor is SouthHall”
Kahn squealing like a little girl - Priceless. For everything else there's 
Wheeeeeels after wheeeeeels 
Not only is 
 iconn4thgenna (get_repost)
・・・

THREE of the loveliest bands in the business are out on the road together right now playing fucking ARENAS!! ARENAS MATE!

 had the best post game interview, had the announcers dying
Haha! Yeah I bumped into a lot of familiar faces 
 I'm so weak @ the ending 
That moment when u blast up ur speakers and shamelessly sing along in ur car!
Husky Olympics took a trip to the bowling alley for event #6! Safe to say we won't be losing any guys to the PBA Tour! 
Congress has done nothing in last 60 Years that's why my films were flops - 
This morning on 
Mike T Smith (“T” for Turkey) in Leadership today 
GO BIG LEXI!  
Shit like this must trigger North Korea so much 
'Northerner leaves Londoners traumatised by his attempts to interact with them in a friendly manner.' 
Always a pleasure to host,even thou the little fella can be a bit controversial 
I love Manchester 
James Richardson’s description of Dele Alli’s goal was tremendous 
LEGEND: Patrice 
Somehow managed to lose a fiver to 
 how do you attract these nutters. I’m on board to rename it 
Staff from our 
I remember setting money aside for a CRAFT FAIR and spending my whole budget in heck sausages 
Who is dreading work tomorrow? 
Stood up to idiotic lads being nasty in the shops because I’ve been watching Kim Woodburn clips today with 
As soon as I saw this I thought of you ! 
My lecturer just asked a Mexican student if she liked Donald Trump 
This is hilarious - “this isn’t instagram love I can’t swipe your face for filters” 
 toilet brush 
Filmed Ruby in the car on the way to 
When you and the squad rock up to work like this.. 
It happens! 
I look so different as well 
watch till the end 
Brit humor is 
When you're stuck in work when all you wanna do is lie on a beach with a margarita (pizza or cocktail, or both) 
Classic wet Monday morning: late for school, locked umbrella in bike shed, a cold..... c'est la vie 
 don't worry lads, they got ours wrong aswell last time -_-
Gold for a reason 
Food coma ft. Louise. 
Amazing television and amazing catch phrases, 
Trump was like "IT WAS ME, IT WAS ME ALL ALONG!" 
Don’t look in the rear view mirror 
Bruhhh one of my friends responded back to my text "ROFL" now when's the last time you seen a text like  that
Been knocking on some wood praying it won't rain tomorrow! I need my fans to knock on some wood as well
Let's go magic!!! ba, ba, bada BA!!!!
Wait till you see how this SR250 turns out guys!! 
 Drago discovered the VersaClimber long before LeBron and the Cavs 
Bloody moon boots mate 
Mate the amount of 14 year olds that absolutely towered over me was ridiculous 
This is great 
14 years ago today, post game memories. Actual photographs how strange!!!!
 doesn't get any better than this.
Thats worth your whole year salary
Elaine Mcknight come on 
 io ngoma inaleta feelings 
Yahoo Guys using a lady's profile to send me friend requests, 
CONTINUE. I'm never a ladies freak. 
YOU CAN'T SCAM ME!!! 

Never a dull moment in these Facebook streets 
 sadly they already shut down my idea of inviting you. 
Are there any  winners of 
New trend in Zed Rap...heads are signing kids, latest one is called "Rap Saviour" 
Meanwhile, the 
Ansa. We are so caught up with the opinions of others we see it as a good thing when we assume these fictitious haters are upset by our daily updates of progress 
...About three Kims!
More like we're sore 
nimenyeshewa..
But..kaa naskizia..
Both If I’m Honest
Sitting Here Waiting For My Body To Attend Gym
Oh and when people knock and I say "who's there or even nibandani? Nibanani? And I get no response I get back to what I was doing 
Do yous read tweets in your own voice or like the voice you assume is the writer's (weird question I know but think about it) 
I only open my door if I want to see you. I'm the number one hater of unannounced guests/balendo. OMW!! It's so bad. Text/Call/etc always 
Plan
Hey @schunesfor sure Ababu is on the right side of history, as a "resident of Budalangi" cc 

So today's live coverage of baba's homecoming was illegal. 
Because?
We got to see how police operate??
Ok.
My prayers was already answered long ago? 
This is rubbish 
I remember this one time in 2010 this dude from Nigeria came to zed because he liked my girlfriend at the time. Dude even wanted to pay me off to break up with her. 
 You are sounding so wild on radio, wow. 
 More like Calamafi 
 people have attention to detail maan.....I love. 
Our MC 
Professor thinking like a bushman...
its like you need google maps to find kiosks selling food and beverages 
Honestly...I'm proud of everything I've been doing lately. Idk if it's the weed or depression 
I can't 
It's 
Loved this! 
Steph's smile 
Action on tomorrow 
Did you peep 
Y'all are too good 
Young Gizzle in the cut with the braids, the beads, and the two piece like what. 
"I didn't get a "after you" vibe" - Larry David 
Neymar the party boy?

He has nothing on 
Everyday Is Christmas 
You feel me 
This isn’t the first time Jimmy & 
Date night. Dinner of champions 
"Nature is abundant!" 
 Cuttin’ it up with 
Nobody should call 
Get ready to LOSE IT over this, 
He threw the ball at him 
I’m CRYIN!! Snoop really be the voice for all of us and how we feel 
Just a reminder to everyone that 6 years ago...I looked like this hahaha 
 bro trippin..
Some 
NEXT in studio w/ @OnAirWithRyanis 
 pink has always been the real MVP
Nah it's beef. tie up your hair, take out your earrings, we fighting 
Everyone at supanova gonna have to get their pics with me in my arsenal shirt today 
Told ya 
Yes, say 'hi' to our new best friend.  Third floor!   
JuJu and Le'Veon reenacted the A.J. Green and Jalen Ramsey scuffle as a touchdown celebration 
Who used to play Beehive Bedlam on Sky..that game used to be sick 
Supported 
Good morning beautiful people.. I once attempted to be a scout for the Colts.. “Chuck, he didn’t cough once” 
Good morning beautiful people.. On today's show we learn about the time Usher brought Stevie Wonder to a movie premiere 
Thanks for the welcome Mr Twitter 
Me, trying to write: ...
Jim & C, from next room: Come in here and tackle us!
Me: I need to finish this paragraph!
Jim: That will NEVER happen.

Here's 2... (or 3 
 first thing in the suitcase case mate!!
Too damn funny. 
So I'm out playing catch with one of my future Reggie's and he says "daddy did you see that, I caught that like 
... this is a Young #87 at work back in the day. I appreciate all who supported even if you wasn't a Colts fan. That includes you haters. 
 hanging with 
NO IT DOESNT LOOK GOOD

I’ll be just fine if I never eat kale again. Better off, even. 
I feel like every time my phone does the face recognition it’s judging the shit out of my double chin 
For sure gotta get 
Can you do a better Brummie accent than the stars of 
 cheers mate
Happy bass drum taking in the scorching Rome sun 
Just in case you need a laugh 
How to wind up 
Booky anthems!! 
We're howling at Shawn Mendes in the gym rn 
Can someone help us plz? Will 
This shit is tooo funny 
HAHAHAHHAHAHAHA I LOVE YOU FOR THIS 
She saved them as "food".. nah, im done 
If you zoom in I look like Randal Weems outta recess 
The last time Liverpool let a 3 goal lead slip.

Crystanbul. 
Is my lower case i working now? 


Well that was a BLAST! Such a pleasure having 
Bro  don’t put all that blame on me 
If you missed 
It's all in the genes. 
That's right, dolls. She wasn't kidding. 
West Coast, you won't have to worry about keeping track of your favorite Kris quotes anymore. She got someone to do it for us. 
Tag a friend who would miss this! We all know at least one
I guess 
When I'm not tailoring.... I'm fixing washing machines..... due to over use from 
Too late 
Fear The Beard. 
Taking over for 
Hello everybody lasisi here again sumtin jos hoppin right now .... 
Some intense sex scene came on I tried to change the channel my mum said ‘leave it, I’m sure you’ve all done this before. Nothing new’ 
The dog lookin like "and I would do that shit again" 
Merry Christmas 
True 
What gives 
I LOVE LOVE ~ thx 
Revenge of 
And here’s 
On God! 
See wht happnd wen our 
Bored so i thought id take a Selfie with the selfie gnome 
You don’t wanna know what I think of West Brom, we’re on tv. 
Signing out my twitter account 
Countrys on its arse, PMs said fuck it. National teams abysmal, gaffers walked, but Twitters on fire in typical Blighty fashion 
Spent the last day of summer 2017 climbing this beauty in a down coat 
I mean that goal was class, but this is something else 
When Emily blocks the toilet 2 times in one week
When voting for the 2017 
Soooo Jono, you're hear in Argentina talking about self acceptance, But here in Buenos Aires, we wana know, Boca or River? 
"Another peasant nation being subsidised by British taxes" 
This week’s 
 thoughts: i wanted to like it, but the way they resolved the crisis made the whole movie redundant. i thought the whole point was to show that a team is stronger than any one person...but if you've seen the film, you know damn well who saved the day 
this astounding clone of 
Awww! See Anunu come and dance 
Stop what you're doing, the best football clip you'll see today is here... 
If you say JT's laugh doesn't brighten up your morning, you're lying. 
TONIGHT 
 say that! Just keep updated on which days and we lit
Finding that out right now has made me laugh more than ever 
One of the greatest things to ever happen. My good mate John thinks 
Big win tonight! Well done my roomy 
 RETWEET for a chance to WIN 4 TICKETS to our Comedy Night 
, but also 
 Some of our members may not be very good at 
Our humble (
 with apologies to 
 & 
My photo of me and 
Great fun being behind the wheel fighting 
Just trying to help keep you on the right time zone buddy 
(She's gonna kill us for the bangs pic...) 
Shit like this lmk some white people cool af
Don’t Leave 
Why are the audience more dressed up than the islanders 
Olivia's sister and mum 
Not hating lool but Kylie Jenner is about 95% plastic so why is anyone surprised her wax figure looks so natural and like her 
We were lucky enough to get a rare look at 
I wrote a load of different letters for my boyfriend to open under different circumstances and some presents but he still has some of the letter waiting until the right time to open them
I’m dead 
Bro if you watch me I had no clue where to go
 watch at 1:35 
 thank you 
A Mom & Daughter that slays together stays together! 
Photo editor is a genius 
oh my goodness, so true
 Wow Airbourne! Now that is how to put on a Rock Show...best gig I have been to for ages!! My ears are still ringing!! 
Anyone else have dreams where someone really fucks you off and you wake up genuinely pissed off at them? 
newhouse 
How long does it take 
I will literally cry if I dont get tickets to 
Snipe.... celly 
Throwback for your 18th!! Hope you had a great day
Sound check Edinburgh ....I apologise for the singing 
RNN presents: SRHS's Prom Pep Rally Spring '17 aka "Men In Dresses" EXCLUSIVE footage...Take1 
... box they used for takeout..
Happy Birthday to my son...I
 I'm dead thanks homie love you
He forgot he was at work 
I love you 
yall gotta watch this whole video
Coolest coach in college football
oh no not this
thank you so much, i miss it all! have fun these upcoming season and try not to screw around too much haha
This is the greatest thing I’ve ever listened to
This caption got me 
Walkin thru the house randomly screaming “toot toot coot coot toom toom...poom poom!” Now my wife is vacuuming. Prob a visual metaphor that means shut up Andrew
 I had an “ABC on ciabatta bread” btw
Why the ref slither across the screen LMAO 
"let me see what you have.."
"a knife"
"NOOOOOO" 
Watch what happens when 
JUST SAYIN! I just voted for 
At a party
Oh my 
It's fun to tweet something you know is going to trigger countless liberal lunatics and SJWs, then mute the responses to that tweet so they spend all day complaining about it, but you never even get any notifications about their responses!  
Thank you President Trump for Making Comedy Great Again!

In a world where liberals try to ruin everything, it’s nice to see a politically incorrect sense of humor 
I went to Barnes & Noble to buy "The Art of the Deal."

The cashier told me Trump's racist and I asked her for evidence.  

She said nothing... 
This is amazing. 
My mf baby 
They called " free " throws for a reason .. 
Not ever surprised when something outta nowhere goes wrong bc I'm prepared for it 
Screaming at people making comments about Nina’s outfit in our backstage picks that only one pussy will be grabbing back because they think Gaga’s the only cis girl there and that me and Jamie are men 
Time for eats and Coco! (...the Disney movie, not the drag queen lol. We’ve already confuse a few people with that 
A bad moms Christmas was hilarious! Highly recommend for some belly giggles 
Whenever me and 
Not easy having 20,000+ rabid fans remain totally silent.. 
We've got to go with 
 always great seeing you!
Mum came out with another corker in response to me playing the piano "I don't know if I'm just getting old, but that actually sounds nice"
 right
Glad we could help 
boy I needed this today! 
After 
Great way to end my collegiate career, and a huge shout out to my parents and coaching staff! 2nd Team All Conference Long-snapper/ATH 
Y’all should hear the things said if you happen to go out of bounds on the other team’s sideline 
this had me rolling 
Happy Bday Bro 
Just watched someone eat shit bc they tried to get a selfie while riding a bike smh 
happy bday to the great 
My boy got ppl making fake accounts 
First day of practice be like 
Night MADE 
Love being downvoted for saying I work on the game, may be time for a reddit break 
You are SLOW 
My boy is really a DEMON 
"og and i was like Olive Garden???"
I can’t stop laughing 
Who said we can't jump 
Guests from 
THIS IS GREAT 
AI has arrived 
I can't recall doing that 
This is awesome 
Its the vi or emacs, but for microservices 
 I'm weak
It’s rivalry week. 
I see ya russ!!! Put that boy on stakes!! 
31 saved his life 
Lol. You can make pop music jokes to me when you know who Harry Styles is 
Oh Hell Yeah!! RT 
Awesome video of 
Pretty great 
Thread. 
As a UCLA Bruin, thanks 
this is so great. ACCURATE! 
Professors should offer extra credit if you come to class in a costume
we all know this feeling 
Pure comedy 
Steve Kerr's son Nick is a video intern for the Spurs.

Pop isn't taking any chances. 
Babe, 
Poor 
People who don’t know Basketball very will swear everything is a travel 
Who let  
Throwing on the 
Another banger 
Steve Mandanda is crazy 
Yoooo champ, the lags are a lot here. 
He's lord!! 
 you the homie!
LOL! Is that a 
Wait for it... 
Never give up 
Guy wakes up from surgery, asks to see nurses tits 
Broooo what 
Y’all.. look at this chic-fil-a rap video 
A group of dads had a competition to see who could stack more Cheerios on their kid 
T locked me in the stu and went home wtf
Make some change then
We always have that problem 
Whole Foods Market shoppers are the GOAT at shitty parking 
Any parents ever have this moment? Literally LOLing 
Just became best friends with 
Watch this video and try not to laugh. 
Will Log In Tomorrow & Tweet! 
Just run out on the field anyways lol and & catch a return 
Get on the Madden & over come that Adversity 
When over 2000 adorable British accents are passionately singing your most profane song. 
One great thing about being home... looking at old pictures. This one from 2007 in France with 
Shawn: "SELL THOSE B***** OUT!" 
Huge congratulations to 
Drake think he so slick I see ya working nigga 
Why send one big text when you can be annoying and send 10 small ones 
Wait what? I make "Christian Riddim"? 
Them boys was cutting up 
Agree! How many rewound to see what popped up on his phone? 
Is Phil taking a sh!te or having a fit? 
 stop
If u dnt have neither Yung Bleu  "Investments" Mixtape , your not a Yung Bleu fan , your a "Miss It" groupie 
Your twitter name fit u "natural dumb ass" for that thought ! Ever dollar and every jewel on me who they robbed my shadow 
"F*ck being a vegan."

Safe to say that Haye & Bellew are preparing for the fight in VERY different ways 
What is your birb name?


 is a nigga new crush 
These might be 
Who's mans is this? 
We raced each other 14 years ago in Bahrain for the 1st time, I pissed 
whhen U get to the show at the time described on the Facebook event 
I sensed some shade in there 
Dangers of Spotify: I play a song I love over and over until I can’t listen to it again. 
Popped a zit on the triangle of death on my face... pray for me 
Swung by 
Still makes me laugh. Thankfully I can see the lighter side...shat myself at the time! You two giggling 
Shark Alert! 
 last run of the season!!!
Made it big!! 
And wat do you think about the new Mini 
We have all been there 
BRILLIANT: 
Fsake it's like a scene from 
I crashed... 
Friends will always be there for you 
Happy to get the 3 points tonight thought it was exactly what we deserved...and happy to finally get my first 2 goals for 
That cup gets everywhere!! 
Dude gets after it!!!        
If you know 
When you see your mate in the bushes with the camara you cross up like f*ck
I'd just like to say a huge thank you to the wonderful 
Bruhhh one of my friends responded back to my text "ROFL" now when's the last time you seen a text like  that
Been knocking on some wood praying it won't rain tomorrow! I need my fans to knock on some wood as well
Let's go magic!!! ba, ba, bada BA!!!!
Another great pic from Halloween 
Da Woof, Da Woof, Da Woof is on fire!!
Thumb* 
If I see an adult sucking they teeth in adult hood I might Spaz on you 
I don't even have a girl I'm poor and alone but this has happened to me 
That’s Me At The Studio When 
A friend of mines, said he couldn’t say anything about lucifer-satan-hitler-mini-Russia trump because he might lose followers 
Don’t even pretend like you got my digits babe 
bro you hilarious
We're on the board Kuz 
Making sure 
I’m more angry at life than a bitch ass white bigot with a tiki torch... 
Ed Reed is a OG for that celebration! 
LaVar Ball's troll level is unmatched. Chris Cuomo is worked. 
That’s what I like to hear !! 
So much fun having 
This should be interesting. 
Overheard things in Dalston ...’I haven’t showered since Tuesday, I haven’t had time’ .... yo dude 
Another good selection 
Great choices 
When you play 
My bredrin ordered one o dem mini Nintendo’s online and they sent him this
When you're a Jew photoshopped in to (a) Jesus and post it on Insta, you're fucked (it seems 
The truth 
Is this photo shopped? Or the second coming of jesus? 
Guy Drops Everything To Be 'Mom' For Injured Infant Pig  
 This is the reason why I use snapchat 
Haha thanks, but come on, is this still a thing in #2017? 
Sul'iss sap chill ca s'adda fa. 
I’m so over this I
Never give up hope 
 didn’t need one. Got lost and basically walked with our bikes 
Hello hello! What's your favorite Thanksgiving food? (If you're not in the US ... try your best to answer 
Of course of course 
I've probably never seen anything funnier than 
That was good Disney but this would be a fun cast too! 
I had to pop this pimple 3 different times over the last couple weeks and the first time a dermatologist do it 
STOP IT 
Just knocked another guys phone charger out of the wall and he said he was sorry to me... def in Canada now 
Any cunt need a pony !!! Loves kids 
IF THATS WHAT YA WANNA DO ON YA HONEYMOON IM YA MAN 
STOP IT !!! Movin up and down side to side like a ROLLER COASTER 
Funny how my dog just loves to have her head out the window going 100ks an hour down the highway with the wind blowing half her head off  but as soon as I blow in her face she loses her shit 
Even if your Dad is Will Ferrell or Mark Wahlberg, they're still gonna embarrass you 
Ruined our Thanksgiving!
2013 w/some bad hair & 
They tried to get rich and switch without getting rich 
 has been saying "ice city jewels with no pity" all this time i thought it was some next gibberish
All my Twitter consists of is me receiving notifications of 
"...The Americans are coming to us for that sauce..!" 
Klopp is Making a pure cunt out of himself this weather 
Just changed my car battery! Easier than I thought it would be! 
Anyone else not think it’s a bit random that they sell condoms in the Asda toilets? what’s going on in there....quick stroll round the fruit and vegetables isle then off for a bang in the toilets haha 
How annoying is it when people try to act intelligent by talking about a subject and you just sit and think...shut up...you don’t know what you’re taking about mum 
I love it when a flukey camera angle comes together! 
over here laughing by myself at yalls responses
Not something you'd typically hear at a football ground 
Friday Night Cinema Date With Ray, Molly & 
Comment of the year 
You know when you're on the lucozade by 9:30am it was a rough night 
Speaking for us all 
So the boss asked for more help over the show and festive period... we ended up with a Lurcher puppy 
Half way through our HPM I had to send 
Jose with a spirit of shankly badge in Moscow 
Most successful having only been formed in 2012 
Only in Ireland. Bar floods and they're still supping
Retweet if you love 'Only Fools and Horses'... 
Retweet if you're happy to be Canadian 
Pheobe inspecting the finished paint job 
When you don’t have kids but you’re already planning to dress them like 
Hoping to do a bookish photo a day in December. Each featuring a Christmassy book I've loved or hoping to read. Now, let's hope I stick to it 
Pro: Got the snug in 
When belly rubs are just life 
RT colinmeagle patphelan This makes today’s internet for me Pat! 
Samsung's new Anti-apple advert with a glimpse of a familiar looking haircut 
ITSA Theatre Company controversy! Who is the Improv Panto baby daddy? 
If Fabian Barthez had to go, he'd go 
So this is looking at my 
Arrived in Norwich and was met with this. I wonder if anyone’s gnome 
#4 & #5 - 
What the hell 
When the creatives get a little too in sync. Khaki and chevrons, couldn't have matched this well if we tried 
Right back at you! 
My boy yesterday ‘you’ve heard of good cop, bad cop right? Well what you need is Mum cop, then you’ll just confess all’ 
Yup, having lunch with my Mum 
Smart kid 
Never the best idea to test yourself against Quade Cooper in front of all your mates!! 
Just found my original 
Ben just said it's Spice Girls day today. When I asked why he said: 'tonight is the night that 2 becomes 1' 
'LADS! YOU GUYS GO OUT AND PERFORM LIKE THAT IN FRONT OF ME...THE NEXT ENGLAND MANAGER! THE NEXT ENGLAND MANAGER LADS"


The pic is everything 
No one wants that. 
y’all made my dADS DAY 
Bruh 
It’s just my bottle...
A 
according to our comments, this is only because of the refs
Tony Romo made a joke about Deion Sanders’ poor tackling today. So Deion got Romo back by absolutely roasting him on the NFL Network. 
Not everybody can swim. School hazard
No caption needed. ( turn your volume up) 
 not mine, a friend just sent it me, feels like we lived through history 
Next time 
"fr moe this campus getting jhi like dangerous"
Watch the NYA/B2X 
This is what blogging is all about. Using your voice for the greater good. 
Please can somebody send Matt something better than gel filled pants?! 
I figured 
 this was so true
Hurricane dion 
 remember the one we made with 
 Regram 
Phil asked this youngster a question.

And got an honest answer. 
Someone put this man in the hall of fame immediately 
Halloween closing ceremonies 
Have you ever seen a happier ram? 
Morning all - What do your 
Incredible memories of racing and traveling with this crew. Plus, super curved brims and baggy jeans. 
Nibali just realized that cycling is a team sport. 
Funniest burglary caught on tape 
Tweet R.Kelly he got the answers sway 
Oh! congrats! man! Now you need to update your bio 
Soooo no it’s same team same dream 
Steffy and Bill at thanksgiving 
Just listen to the announcers... nothing else needs to be said. 
I found this picture in Aubree's notebook 
Let's bring back the greatest meme ever created!
 this Big Shaq guy
Shaq bet Chuck that he wouldn’t make a face in the “One Chip Challenge” 
Hilarious 
 in the making of this post 
Just watching them@on those 
Challenge accepted I guess 
Or put it up for sale and caption it: Wedding dress for sale, worn once by mistake.. 
When you win a home World Cup, but your graph wasn't perfect....
 “pls follow me pleaseeeeee” 
When you singing "Mary Did You Know" all day every day 
She blaming an itchy scalp on witchcraft 
WE don't blame her! 
This is SO every mum 
I've went down that line previously on crowdfunders...invariably never works 
Sperm age isn't a thing... or is it?! 
Get ready for some side-splitting NSFW humor. 
Alright Lenny... 
Haha good word play. 
White House tourists get a surprise... 
There's only one way to settle a debate, right?!


Love it lee, great dive mate, a shirts yours if you want one still 
Me thinking Kai would be happy going as a footballer for 
Mate 
Can someone just tell me who dies in season 2 of 
Anyone else watch action movies and think about all the innocent people who get caught in the cross fire with all these shoot outs? Like damn you’re just gonna crash into traffic my dude???? 
Think the main man 
Producer life 
 this is totally my humor! Stay strong, AG. Don't let the haters get to you
Soooooo happy 
Really nailed that candy corn description, 
"Apparently, W Bellevue guests like to get a little turnt." 
gonna be in france all weekend, playing new tunes & teach the proper spelling of our name...
Any takers for 'Official Mascot' at 
Vague memories of being in Cosies usually means I have something to apologise for 
Overheard a lassie on the train ‘I really like him, I just wish he’d stop wearing superdry’ 
This Simpsons vs Rick and Morty clip just made my day 
My six year old got on my iPhone and started sending out 
He probably gone lose his job after this but the sportscaster got me weak asf 
BREAKING NEWS

Portal bans ‘Whoomp there it is’ from all events.


My 1st time on a billboard...this finna be a breeze 
I just stumbled up on a trk I told 
A different style of interviewing by Peter Moody of Black Caviar fame! 
“Hold on Migos y’all might’ve just did something” -Mr Hotspot 
"I only learned a few years ago that dragons weren't real" 
Lee Sharpe on Eric Cantona and his red against Crystal Palace 
I can confirm that this is true 
Awesome turnout for 
When you're watching 
Well that’s me told 
New guest tomorrow - new as in new potatoes, been around for decades, it's the ubiquitous Gyles. Anyone ever tried editing him? 
OUR FUCKIN PRESIDENT BE GETTIN INTO IT WIT RANDOM NIGGAS ON TWITTER 
I can't explain how tired, hungry & bored you get doing Tv liners for countries around the world whilst on a video shoot in the heat on Malibu beach! 
Thanks Amanda ,all ready for my wkd jog
Gia singing on her dads show 
Not this 1 
Drop ye to Tallaght like this Sunday 
Who's in de van ??!! 
 you're basically an Irish me!
Whoever keeps photoshopping Trumps face on the queen needs to stop! Dying 
"Everyone wants to avoid bringing a bottle of shame to dinner" 
 It’s perfect Terry!!
Phew! Only a 2 for me on the psychopath test . . . however I’m a little concerned at PJ’s 13! 
What is that 
Que grandes sois!
No shame at all singing 'An Spailpín Fanach' to my examiner today 
Have you ever been affected by 
Not quite 3 points. The experience was that good though 
Just remembered that my Dad thought Top Gear was a TV show about hats 
For the love of god meeeeee!
Lol! Good night , dear tweeps. 
Made me chuckle... 
So excited for next weeks sick note already. Rupert Grint and 
Who said site-planning isn't glamorous? Here we are, snapping a selfie, mid prep for Spring's 
What a fantastic Christmas present for the snorer in your life. 
Mum I know you read my tweets to see where I am if I haven’t called yet, please could I have this for Christmas?!  I know it will be 
You heard it from the horses mouth. . Not calling you a horse Andy 
Young Simba....can’t complain 
Just testing 
Remember when Raven got turned into a bunny? 
How Brave 
This made me laugh soooo much
Hope the tweets were ok. Not up to 
The "I'm only going down the road" load 
Welcome to Bristol City Jose .... "pop in to the office for a drink after aye "  
... I thought this had been lost in time ! -
Dougy needs to read the catalogue more we feel 
We might need to offer some assistance next time the Adelaide Football Club does its grocery shopping 
On site ready to deliver another SPECTACULAR Christmas Event @strandshopping We begin by respectfully recognising Armistice Day with a 2 minute silence then into our show with a host of fabulous entertainment including the LEGENDARY BASIL BRUSH 
ONLY 1 MORE SLEEP until 
10 SLEEPS until we deliver a unique Christmas Pantomime for families to enjoy at 
I will be filming every step of the way, so stay tuned tomorrow!! 
What was that about NO Golden State players.... 
WHEN YOU DIDNT EAT SUHOOR AND YOU HEAR THE ADHAN 
We love what you’ve done here 
Funny when people leave negative comments, you block them and they get so upset they ask their friends to ask me to unblock them 
"Princess Dianna was everyone's sweetheart"
"Yeah she had to die first for that to happen"

 ..this is what happens when you invite the 
"Gutted"about the last couple of days
One thing I can stomach is being back home with my girls 
Ever wondered about those tin things which wrap around trees? So have Tim Broomhead + 
 I thought this was a parody account. Wow
Panama declared a public holiday after qualifying for the World Cup and they should name it after this ball boy 
What would we do without you, 
Irish fans cheering people buying Victoria's Secret in Denmark today... 
Keep up the good work 
It’s always fun to smile with 
Ohio State trolling Apple 
I think 
Best wee team in Ayrshire 
GS best player is a role player 
Tour Life Member and an all-round legend.

It's 
This is worldy... 

If you’re bored follow us below live scoring in the bottom match hacking it 
Tag a friend who gets WAAAAY too into reading putts 
Trimming read for xmas!!
Moral of the story... always ask for nudes 
Worth reading for the letter pleading for an invite alone... big up the 73 Irish cousins! 
Ndi Imo, is the President of South Africa gone yet?
Jacob Zuma, whose Igbo name translates to 'keep stealing'.

Switched on Coronation Street and see Vic Reeves and the first thing he says [to wee daft Norris] “I coerced her to steal your blood” 
... Too easy 
When you get dunked on by a fan 
One-handed granny shots with impeccable form 
Thank ya!! RT 
And a series of papers (and amazing GIFs! 
“Black coachella” 
Ref looked at me during my scrimmage tonight and said "son you're still playing?! Feel like I've reffed your games for 20 years" hahahaha 
Caught him sleeping 
That’s a real teammate 
“Lights, camera, BORK!” - Fred 
“Libraries are a special kind of quiet” - Fred 
Fred got a hold of my iPhone last night. It’s a tad dramatic but that’s just my opinion
“Mother Nature showed up to celebrate our book launch tomorrow” - Fred 
“Ok, now let me take one of you” - Fred 
Thornlie canteen. P1s 
A must watch... 
Good stuff mate hope there’s plenty of it too it’s a long season 
We'll have his people contact your people. 
So happy to say we FINALLY have our own music coming out to the world. Thank u so much for ur help & support... it means so much to us..

This show is amazing 
Saturday nights in Glasgow producing yet again
All the average 
Oh - that has made my day 
Uh Oh!! 
I could send eight more photos of my cat but people already think I'm a bit strange 
Update: It's from 1985—the same age as me! I didn't think to check the seal before 
You are not friends and never ever will be 
 everytime I see something to do with tequila it reminds me of you
Explained to mum why I’m addicted to gigs + cunt save for shit. Gave the e.g. of the 
Made it now haven't we 
Thiago Silva early Christmas present for Kylian Mbappé wins the gold medal for banter...
Love McNulty 
 must single handedly drive up the price of petrol with the amount of fuel he burns up I'd say 
I mean who’s idea was it to go here 
BREAKING NEWS!
Yes! They've only gone and done it! 
love it 
Thank you to everyone who posted & sent me this 
Dunno if I'm more excited in being part of 
Hahahahaha...mate had me in stitches 
Pleased to say this morning I passed my driving test! That’ll be me driving my dad 
Shit !! 
Ooofff jeez here we go again !! Might have sobered up from Sat by then 
O am not drinking Guinness no matter what the top of the pint says 
Chat shit get Tased 
If there is a quiz prize the freelancers won't mind waiting 8-12 weeks to receive it 
Rah how we gonna miss 
"Is it like craftsmanship wrapped in a heart attack? DAMN RIGHT IT IS!" 
Somebody at Target b funny 
Last night a crazy homeless veteran punched me in the back of the head on the subway platform.  Welcome to NY 
Would you wear this shirt? 
This is amazing 
 I've just spent ages reading gross facts about 
Wasn’t planning on this, but Sunday club has got me in the mood!!
Gotta love twitter 
Wow, "Beat Maker Go" used my Arise samples... now you can be me with this app 
When life has been so crazy it's Facebook that actually remembers you your birthday is next week 
Bae went all out for Halloween this year 
On Halloween in Chicago, kids don't want candy, they want 
Didnt think u would reply
 to that one time we looked way cooler than we are getting off of a plane 
2018 already feels like a free for all deathmatch...
You're never too young to tailgate. 
I’ve lived by myself for awhile now. Basically since I was 20 but this will be the first year I buy a Christmas tree for my place... I’m low key hella juiced 
This is why she my wife... one day lol kimmy gotta hate me by now 
These hoes be in your bottle section with $2.56 in they bank account 
So, he joins Trump, wife files for divorce then gets fired like a week later!!!???
All star weekend definitely gonna be food chain for a lot of outta towners 
 I Spoke Wit Big Rod A Few Nights Ago & Lol 
The Real Mike Bibby 
I think that Winter chap is awfully good! 
I've made it big! Not 1, but 2 posters now in Beyond Production recep. area, they make both shows! Poor staff 
Bitch ya done 
Niggas ain't peep that the beat was from Scarface 
I guess we all just have great taste! 
Last fight bro had was a Rock Paper Scissors match 
WHATS YOUR FAVORITE DAMEDOT ADLIB? MINE IS WHEN HE SAY "AYEEE AYEEE AYEEE" 
 you got the hoes 
Tone it down Brittany! 
Some people really scraping the barrel for relationship goals 
Just found this gem of a photo of us in Italy! 
me waiting for it to be 8 
So many things are happening in this picture 
When Jaws, one of the biggest monsters in horror, is reduced to the size of a shirt but still makes a big splash in reality somehow 
when jonye throws unnecessary shade 
Duuuuude
My blockchain shitpost reached 1m impressions before someone got offended and decided to tell me I don't know how blockchain works 
 Your #1 LIVE podcast always kills me. 
Remember when Blairites styled themselves 'the resistance.'


My Uber driver tried to bully her way through a very tiny street and failed and... I think she may still be there
Clip of upcoming Scarface female remake!!! Starring Antonia Montana
Damn Samuel say it ain't so..
When u have NO standards 
Check me out if you missed last nights episode on 
 naw they staying@Reddsaidit 
New heattter droppin today 
Family goals 
We'll call next time we need a tennis racket on stage 
 These sweaters will get you in the spirit early. 
Even had a moment where you thought "we should have just brought another car" 
My Brother In Law cracks me up! Check this out! 
Can someone please ask Mmusi Maimane why white people aren't participating in the 
What coffee looks like when you love your job!!
I challenge you to find me a cooler chauffeur anywhere!! 
Boom in shot! Acting allrounders!
Little and large 
Can't get good selfies on the beach at Uttoxeter sadly 
That’s hilarious 
Look at their happy faces. How dare Vegans say this is better than killing cows... 
Try something new everyday 
A great weekend, you’ll have Great food, Loads of drink and some brilliant music & if lucky a rare sight of 
I know what im getting the kids for Christmas!!! 
Will this be you at next Saturday's at 
Just turned the great North run on and 
The face I make when I'm hummin Corpse riffs 
Hey, would you like my band please 
When you really need to use the toilet but you're too loyal to the "TOILETS ARE FOR CUSTOMERS USE ONLY" sign.... 
Just up checking out the venue for 
The ultimate horseman - 
Delighted for my Godfather Jerry today, a loyal supporter of the game. Pity 
frustrating 
When life knocks you down but you don't wanna give up 
How emotional has the last 10 mins of 
Duel Gr1 winning jockey Oisin Murphy before his 1st ride in UK. Using his passport to get across toll bridge into wales 
I could spend the rest of my life making GIFs from 
 mothership stole Sparky!! 
(I`m master of photoshop
So yep the secrets out guys! I'm in the new series of E4's 
Dudes! Just wrapped filming on 
A MUST LISTEN interview for any 
Well since Rocky tweeted it. Here’s how out of shape I’ve gotten. 
When your reminded about the days back on faceparty. Wow time flies good times 
Ikea... Completed it 
I know the feeling.  
It certainly does Ella... plenty of visits here in December 
Noel G isn’t the only one with a skilled Scissors Player in his band 
 Pleased to say they’re now detangled and in a festive position.. 
Post training jokes! See it can be fun too! 
Or do both in a 'Live-Aid'-esque style helicoptering in from one venue to the other like Phil Collins! Something to think about for next time! 
In a batch of 36, only one woman is part of Wuchang Institute of Technology's Mechanical Manufacturing graduating class. So instead of making her blend in, they chose to make her stand out for their class photos. 
Man all up in my dm’s 
 Busted
All this drama for a coat lynnmulin2 
 Hahahahahaha I’ve got more followers than you 
I don’t think they’re ready 
Lot a trees, lot a leaves... insightful! 
Yeah.. errr m.. that’s me official merch that!! 
reunited with 
Zimbabweans 
Never forget 
 stood up mid game to stop playing and trash talk while his team won 
so much PIVOT happening 
Selfie commemorating TODAY IS MY BIRTHDAY's final run in the rehearsal room today before moving to the New Ohio for tech - and also the fact that our Producing Artistic Director Michael and playwright 
Eva has discovered cheese and pickle! 
Yep... casually young man got some flavor.  Reub is looking pretty sharp there in blue 
Need to be around peeps that understand my “current” sense of humor.  I’m definitely different these days 
We just want a 
Wow you guys are trash 
Wanna sign a petition for me to sing on 
Saudi Cleric Says the Sun Rotates Around the Earth 
We literally do this everyday for Track warmups it is nothing significant 
This is a couple plays before I knocked him out
thanks big man
Thanks medium guy
 Want to see 
 Vida did take some hits for us. He might have to come in my corner! Some1 that can take bit responsibility... will leave you out 
the worst part about a 
Any Australians still awake and fancy discussing the rugby?! 
When your teacher is also the school drug dealer smdh 
Hollywood is not sleeping! The 
I have four half written articles.... anyone else want to be my co-author on them for their .5 of the 
Loved when 
It's ok 
I’ve never had so many “hey big head” messages in my life 
Yaka-ko being pitched complete with the song 'Amasanyalaze negagenda' 
Nasty 
Nett got me on blockin ppl 
I literally hit my friends with a “bro” text and they already know to face time me bc I’m mad as fuck and need to vent 
I thought he said "cooking oil" too, 
Only 1 031 115 people disagree with the 
Maxwell's dance moves. 
 has a self portrait in the FOX2 garage 
Somehow I picture these as 
I am so here for the Kidz Trap Bop 
Happy birthday Antoinette! See DA isn't having any cake 
Why he had to fck it up like this? 
NSFW???? Someone marked my gluten free pizza and bread post on tumblr as not safe for work?!? 
Can I enjoy my moment please? 
I have 0 wall space but I’m determined to put up all my canvases from big little. 
In case anyone was wondering 6 years ago today my clumsy ass sprained my ankle while running in gym class. ‘‘Twas the good ole days. 
Wasn’t Serra talking like they was gonna win??
If you are ever having problems with your washing machine, @ashley_raksu abs are always here on request 
Caption This! 
oh my GOD THIS COSTUME!!!
Ok, so next question...

Would you listen to a podcast I make? Cos... you know...

No point making a podcast if no one is listening!! 
Serving up 
Miss Hannigan's props table backstage at 
Ovechkin commercials were always the best 
RT if Bryce Harper’s Instagram is pissing you off 
When March Madness hits the classroom 
THE LAST ONE THO 
Messing with the new freshman 
Stoplight 
When you're the G.O.A.T. at everything 
My man thought he was getting shot up 
Speaking things incorrectly 
THIS DOGS REACTION HAS ME DYING 
SIKE!!! Boy got played 
Everyone rt this get it 15000
 Check out part 2 of 
Is this me??
behind snatch make it go viral ...
This one killed me 
IM DYING 
In private I run my business in a bit of a Bernard Black way (bit more organised...) but don't tell anybody! 
‘Frozen ropes’ 
AAU teams look like this and you think it’s gon be cake. Then you look up and you’re down 22 and they’ve hit 10 3s with 13 minutes left in the first half 
Woodboy Woodboy Woodboy
Stress reliever! 
I put you on 
  coz it wasn't cold enough 
First time doing an interview on TV today! View the segment here which aired on City TV Winnipeg: 
Because everybody knows that the only reason I travel is so I can have a good excuse to eat out everyday 
So guys, 2 hours before I leave for 1 month of travelling here is what my luggage currently looks like. When will I learn... 
 that air horn is everything! Makes me laugh every time 
That look when you’re so close to finishing your book and someone tries to talk to you… 
Our thoughts exactly. 
the subtitles have me dead 
Last night at the reading 
This made my day! The best one said “thanks for buying circuit stuff for us even though you’re probably in debt now” 
I have seen it all on this show! 
Hit the "BACK IT UP" button... on your 
Unsubscribing. Reporting late night texts as spam. Setting auto filter on “you up?” messages to Trash. (This is not a real notification
Happy birthday Anna 
RT if 
Funny af 
We tried
This reminds me of a little event that happened in the dorms last year... 
@SamiStorm_5 I guess whenever he asked the nurses for ice cream he asked for mounds of sprinkles on top of it
I literally cried laughing watching this. The cinnamon puffs kill me 
Let’s make this go viral 
The only time I have ever semi celebrated scoring a goal...it’s horrid 
The face you make when you got caught using your "back-up" shirt so you don't match your players! 
Caption this ! 
When you lose your parking brake 
Ryan and I get into a tif and Syd goes “I am neutral. I am Switzerland.” 
You can say whatever you about who got into who's head. All I knw u better fight back or from here on out everyone will try you. 
How fridays having  you at the end of day going home!!! 
When your brother is D1 track bound
Rookie dance-offs never disappoint 
Bill Russell 
i'm weak someone take my phone 
Bruh Euro Stepped him 
I wanna see an overhead view of the first one 
This is so good 
earring backs 
Man people weren't lying when they said everything goes down hill after high school 
wisdom teeth pink kylie lip kit on sale now
 classic line
 that is all. 
Lil bro needs a snickers. He’s acting out of character! 
Startin off the mornin with a bang... 
Been laughing at this for several hours straight now. 
Is there anything more comedic than reading yelp reviews? "You could honestly replace every employee with a refurbished palm pilot from 1997 and get the same or better customer service." 
This headline! 
Who’s granddad is this?! 
Pedro Stop just hit a homerun off Anthony Rizzo. This video is golden. 
After Nova I should start charging by the pound.....

But I’m too nice and I still want y’all in my yard 
When you have screenshots to ruin lives 
And wild i got. 
I legit thought your email said rkellying 
Chance the Rapper did a hockey skit on SNL, this is hilarious. 
One of my favorite TV shows back in the day 
 I’ll pay every dollar I ever make for the rest of my life if you ever decide to do a super show including music stand up and probably magic considering you’re like Jesus. Like I don’t even have to make it I just want it to happen. But tickets would be sick too 
Zombie Sonics 
Thank you Mr. Regal. I can assure you Kassius will be the victim of a public dissection at Takeover. This will generate interest for future Takeover's. Everyone comes out a winner with this decision. 
// the whole tweet was just an ultimate troll. There has been ppvs in the U.K. After 92 also 
// it's just the intermission. 
Been saving this one for a rainy day. 
I can't see out of my left eye bro
Floyd 
Welcome to the Internet 
For this I am giving Moustache Mountain 100 style points! 
He didn't hold back on that one 
When you're one of the few idiots who own a Virtual Boy 
So... this happened on Saturday, had the chance to see one of the funniest and most original comedy shows I have ever seen! 
 looking forward to playing against you for years my man. Fun times
yesss sis.. curve goddess 
My son Ace wins the best costume of the family this year 
QUALITY: Lee Sharpe's story of Sir Alex Ferguson after Eric Cantona's red card vs Crystal Palace. 
AMAZING: The final minute of 
When you tell babe, she better make the couch comfy cuz there won't be room in the bed for her and both belts!!
Last night the 
WWE fans to reaction to Roman Reigns number 30 spot 
In eh toilets in Elrow n a copper walks in tellin us aw to shut up n cunt turnt roon n said "your taking your costume to seriously"
This is BY FAR the best thing I’ve ever received 
Filipino Verlinden has to be the greatest autocorrect I've ever seen in a press release. 
When people ask who trained me, I’m proud to say it’s 
This is the best thing ever 
Fans of these clubs call the Scottish premiership a pub league 
 bro even your mother knows thats false 
We need more 
So here's the original video 
I'm never leaving twitter 
 Awesome performance on 
‘Will + Bea 4eva’ 
Will showing his artistic side 
 Aw damn... shots fired 
"You don't have to do the voice."
When you think you've got the lingo for ordering in ANY restaurant. 
Avalanche City survived the hectic red carpet. Whew! 
Dai is in the house (and taking selfies with our phone!) 
First time we have seen a challenge done in hospital gowns! 
This is the funniest video on the internet right now 
You can't help but love 
After 8 years at 
Fools g would of been class tonight actual gutted I never went but football the morn cba with another fine
I actually fear for 
Watching my pals in a heap coming back from Ibiza the day is my silver lining at least I don't feel like that
My mum goes to the shop to read my National cartoon then puts the paper back down 
Wall disrespected Whiteside 
That’s the best thing have ever seen you don’t mess with Martin Murray one hard man 
I forgot we had to drag a bin into the cubicle for SJ last year 
So many GORGE performances in Big Fish last night. Didn’t quite manage to articulate that here- but my impression of the lady behind me is SPOT ON 
When you and your BFF switch on the charm because your desperate for a bf and anyone will do... 
How is my dad completely immune to the black and white filter 
Asda are trying to get my celebrity prank taken down which is just great 
I love this man 
Figured out why we vote in Pencil... just spotted Theresa May at the polling station 
It may be rainy in 
This is hilarious 
Sometimes life on the road is not how people imagine 
 And my first job as PM is to declare a 
 Aw great memories as Elf Toot Toot! Hope you ladies are all well 
Can't wait to TRY this one 
This lot would scare the kids away!!
Watching AJ in Cardiff reminds me of when 
My geography isn't great...

Good thing we have 
 hope you all stayed sober like I always do 
Yes I did and he also said he had an accomplice “tell tale tit” 
Hey Lenny did you hear the one about the Englishman & the Irishman 
In the Raith Rovers first team dressing room and they missed out Number 11 Being Chris Kamara 
Don’t give away any secrets 
Eh 
Do you think I’m eating something 
@THE_HaMST3rTake this as a warning! Here is what I have in store for you if I see one more "Don't worry be happy" quote 
Thanks for all your messages old man still got it 
Thanks for all your messages love playing in Dublin but 
Hello? Shakespeare is that you? 
United going for Paul pogba 
Hope you are coming to watch me win SIX NIL 
Luck you had today you could have come off 6 cushions 2 jaws and landed perfect 
Admit your Wrong or your going over the top rope 
Not all heroes wear capes 
It’s that time of year again... 


I just bought some stuff for a ridiculous and logistically nightmarish video. I’m going to have fun with it, but will you? 
Please rescue me 
Loving the PC 
Red card 
I just seen someone absolutely finesse the on site drugs test...

Imagine he got his boy to come up at break piss in a bottle, he microwaved it for 10 seconds before the test and used it and passed 
For real 
Reckon you will get a cake this year?
Man said 
Im no boxing expert but Tyson Fury is moving fucking amazing for a 25 stone man
“The many handshakes of Paul Pogba” 

You’ve got to do better 
Play With My Ding-A-Ling-A-Ling 
BRAND NEW VLOG OUT NOW 
Evidence 
The Cubs and Diamondbacks bullpen had a dance off during a rain delay 
And y'all just thought it was just me with this problem! 
Islington second from bottom! Wankers 
I said “9am bro, too late for you 
You and your pals at YMO tomorrow 
This morning on 
Some random number just inspired me to turn my life around 
Best celebration ever 
Reminder: It’s the 17 best prosecutors in America versus guys that tried to collude with Russia using Facebook Messenger.

Place your bets.
So EVERY single person or rapper who posts drug abuse publicly is crying for help? No exceptions?? NONE?? NONE are crying for attention or using it as a marketing tool? NONE?? NOT ONE??? Jesus 
100% real 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY BLACK OUT BETTY 
How to score (Ft. Prime time scoring lanes, Leg kicks, and Clappers). With these tips anyone can be an NHL sniper 
I'VE NEVER FELT THIS UNCOMFORTABLE IN MY LIFE! 
I did not wake up like this... it takes a bloody army 
When you're not blessed with good hair? Have a best friend that does hair extensions 
At least Jan has our back 
Game on biatch! 
“I once made McDavid ice the puck” 
Lol all that suspense for nothing 
Marner & Martin 
 sup Benny blanco from da Bronx! 
She can't stand this about personalised number plates!!! 
Name something small and colourful... 
This would be the worst! Has anybody else had their head stuck somewhere?! 
What!? Does anybody else say Lego like this?! 
She had 14 FIREMEN to help her when she was locked out of the house... in her undies! 
One of the best/worst answers yet! 
Do NOT joke about 
Matthew talks 
U just gonna disown me like that 
Lmk how that goes 
The CRAM shield has sent them a tad crazy... 
happy birthday dad miss you bro. hope it was splendid you beauty. 
Nobody wanted it with Big Ben 
New favorite GIF! 
"You gotta head it!” 
Brillant shot from 
just crossed the border, St. James Hall tnght, hope you like polish thrash black metal Vancouver! (this was from some Portland scene site 
This went horribly wrong... 
The Livermore headlock 
Stop looking at the ball Daniel! 
 wasn't looking for that kind of drink... 
 Topman 
Machine elements design -by R.S.Khrumi (This Engineering book will satisfy all ur 4 conditions 
Hope you’ve found some banter since leaving London Abu!! 
Absolute pearler!! It’s been deep V from Day 1 
Cheers Mark pleasure to answer them now I can show the players & Staff of Chennaiyin Fc in India that I use to have lovely hair 
Killed me 
 best part of Chuboi's stream and you was only typing 
Found some good advice on one of the desks at my university lecture! 
 | This is what women really think of your favourite book 
Oh wow...This is hilarious..but not 
Hahah thanks Jaqs and yet neither of us look a day over 30! 
I’m crying 
Mugged it 
It’s that time of the year again.. the return of these absolute legends 
Never, ever celebrate early 
Very funny 
Augustine Pulu with a new way to stop someone scoring at the base of the post 
What’s going on????
Well I just sobbed at John Lewis advert 
My makeup artist skills, what do you think? 
We could've snuck one.  
I know it's wrong but some of these really made me laugh!
This is when you think you're going to bed...... to sleep!! 
this guy flipped a water bottle for his talent show & it's the greatest thing ever 
Hate not having acrylics on, fingers look so ugly n chubby without them, when did I become such a girl 
why is this so funny 
Who made this 
This still funny af 
When your timing off 
A fun season 
Kyle Walker has won the internet! 
 A message from 
Yes, a battering!!
This is brilliant! 
A whole new kind of challenge for 
Absolutely creased at big shaq on the radio 
We got Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg to pull Christmas Crackers for the first time. Such legends 
 and  
My girlfriend went to a "life drawing class" on a hen do the other day... what is this pose?? 
We filmed something quality with Will Ferrell earlier for next week. But was chatting to him before about this vid I watch when need cheering up. It's outtakes from a show called Eastbound and down. Try not to laugh! 
Got a promotion at work the other day. Look mum, I made the actual website.
Not sure why I’m leaning like that tho - have never struck that pose before 
Oh dear... Looks like he had a change of heart... 
Think Mike Dean had a fiver on Dembele to score first 
Ready 
Come to the chariot race! You can see interesting deaths!

I love her direct sales pitch 
Sounds about right. 
Kitty accidentally pressed the turbo button 
The school trip couldn't get any worse...until little Declan darted over to the brook and dunked one of his peers into the trickling water. Diligently, the teacher referred to her risk assessment! 
Third time seeing 
When you get traffic news from a viking 
Not as terrifying as I'd hoped...
Quite possibly the best tweet I've ever seen. 
BRANDASHON! 
Wish people would check their appearance before giving Aggro to the supporters bus, Stockport is full of Jeremy Kyle specials 
The drive into Stockport giving me memories of 5am wake up for Wembley after the end of season party 
Alrite lads !!! We on our way 2 canal street by any chance?? 
Alrite boys , how's bramhall 
Never mind the dug pissing himself this is hilarious 
What’s the connection between KDB and RAM? They both use the same acronym and stand for right sided midfielder and random access memory. RAM is slower than cache memory like Mertesacker 
There's more to Quizlet than the Live module. Try telling that to the students 
That moment when you are talking about productivity using iOS in 6th form assembly & you mention hey Siri & Siri starts talking to you 
I think I might 
Okay so 
Trump & Melania is that you? 
Well played 
 feeling! 
Just caught up on this weeks 
It wouldn't be 
Dizzy Pens 
| From 
Zlatan Ibrahimovic: "Lions, they don't recover like humans." 
 retro games night ( I need a life 
Leanne's running out of ideas for her 'Elf on the Shelf' after two days! 
Just been to the theatre royal to watch ‘The Salon’ absolutely hilarious 
Absolutely love the Salon at 
My favorite part of this article is the reference to the “atmosflat”
...cuz if it’s not round, it’s not an atmosphere. 
Pat Butcher getting turned up with a load of Nuns is the best thing I’ve seen on telly this year 
Who did I think I was 
Just seen the 
Not sure 
What a trio 
Reckon he might be up for every trial going now 
Who did this? Love it
Sick man 
This is the greatest video I have ever seen in my life 
Is it me or is there not ONE black person in ANY of these 
Loooong time no speak!!! 
U sure??. I haven't done 1 for a few years now I thought every1 forgot about them bruh 
Remember when Man Utd signed Mourinho, Zlatan and Pogba, they thought they'd win everything including the US elections, WWE, US Open 
How can he draw her out like that
These yardies proper go all out
Charlie Osmond, Chief Tease of 
 growing up in Kisumu, I remember bugging my mom to buy the blue cos it was really sugary & not sliced.
So so deserved Natty! You made it your own with the 
Agriculture is the production part and nutrition is what the body takes. According to my understanding...sikufanya Agric
Then this
South Africans Though 
...this is the corniest photo ever taken..
How do you pass the time while on your way to the official launch of the 
Not sure what's funnier: this video or the fact the URL looks like the word porridge. I'll let you decide 
When you see your mate wobble on Jacob's Ladder 
Favourite summer moment at ncs
you ever wonder why villains always have to have an evil laugh 
the egos wants to survive here so bad 
how it's a iPhone and it can't type " i " 
Get ready to LOSE IT over this, 
I
Honestly, how great r these? And they support a good cause! 2 weeks only & they're gone. My OTH inspired Christmas & Hanukkah sweaters. Get a little "Murray" this holiday season
Less than one week left to order your shirt!! Let’s 
Can’t wait for this Q&A with 
It used to take trillions in military might to overthrow a regime. Now it takes thousands in FB ads. Tell me more about yer $5M seed round 
This thread is hilarious. For anyone who has ever had to search through stock photos. 
That time 
 cheers mate
It's only right that I tweet when 
We could not do this picture any better if we tried 
All ready for her first finals day 
 first thing in the suitcase case mate!!
That deep inhale and exhale by 
Just as well 
Great to meet 
Just discovered 
Throwback to when Harry Kane turned into Simon Mignolet! 
My bad! I don’t like losing!!! 
Great night last night / this morning with 
That’s the best thing have ever seen you don’t mess with Martin Murray one hard man 
When your playing partners love it,hate it and then it finishes 1ft from the pin
Didn’t know you guys were in Antarctica 
Afraid this one is us 
"I only learned a few years ago that dragons weren't real" 
What a day to be born! 
Was good to meet you lads, was some trip typified by the absolute mess of the caveman 
Oh god 
 I’m laid up after taking a crack to the ribs so was a 3 but this has put me to a 10!
you were first guy to own one pal, although you were a few ales in when the auction started right enough 
For all those asking about the Cesar and Jinky gnomes you can get them direct from 
Intimidation bidding doesn’t get any bigger 
Pirates never have a day off!! 
Thought he had been shot in the hand by a bazooka 
And the other dude saying 'babe'...but he ain't gonna win either way 
Jack is pure jokes 
Ahhhh shit 
*FUNNY!* 
I'll take those odds 
Getting a message from someone on my insta story accusing me of drink driving, when clearly holding a bottle of water 
Found your missing socks 
 nice to know the “Jackal” has found his bite ! You Looked like a lost puppy more than a wild dog last night Pal...

Don’t lose your balls this time and delete/remove this one Carlos 

So ... you going to let me help you get in shape?
 nice to know the “Jackal” has found his bite ! You Looked like a lost puppy more than a wild dog last night Pal...

Don’t lose your balls this time and delete/remove this one Carlos 

So, 
And as promised 
Flying to the second round 
When you baked the cakes and 
 I’ve literally had my fingers crossed all morning,  doing my brows was so hard
Brilliant! 
Amir Khan on 
Prince Al-Waleed main argument against 
Welp we have another scared one he's more nervous than Gabe Rosado was 
Not only is BJS scared I have all of London shaking in there boots they're all tryna come to his rescue through Twitter 
It's one thing to sounds stupid but you even have the look down pat 
If he is dopping good for him it might make the fight a lil more competitive 
Do u ever wonder what your parents would be like on Instagram/snapchat if they were our age now?
 Happy birthday for yesterday pal. Top session this morning.  
That’s bloody tough that is! Thank god I never had to do that 
 on 
Just remember it's gonna be wobbly on there oh cheers mate 
Behind the camera today filming in London 
Oh dear... Looks like he had a change of heart... 
 if only they knew that 
Think we over ordered 
What a minge .....classic 
Quick! Someone call 
Watch @iamkelis gatecrashing 
 went full-on Game of Thrones on that piñata last night 
We can ALL relate to this!! Can I get an amen?! 
Shirley is much happier going down the HILL 
"I feel so spicy and juicy. Oh God I'm weird." 
I finally got notified that 
Just heard it. Wonderful version and would have got 
Honestly if numbers 7 and 8 get drawn together tomo I won’t know whether to spew, shite or dance 
Not the most informative tweet of the day this. 
I promise it’s not edited 
MORE COWBELL!

ps. Thank you The Talking Heads, Southampton for a wonderful night!!!


He might have got the hang of it.... What do you think? 
Fuck sake 
Correction, goals scored by Laurie, Caryn and Molly! Not Holly! 
When you play 
My bredrin ordered one o dem mini Nintendo’s online and they sent him this
The next time you see Steph Curry wearing a fanny pack, you can thank 
Here's the origin of that hilarious Travis Scott meme 
Revival of Uk Funky coming at you like ..... 
That looks like tom hardy in character for something wild
 “Hot Take Hibachi”
Rashford looked like he has just entered the game on FIFA 18 
I don’t think 
Jay AJAYI got ROASTED on the sidelines after his 71 yard run for getting caught 
Throwback to when two Manchester City fans pranked their Grandma. 
Loved this! 
Loool I love a triggered Arsenal. Keown & Parlour are both legends 
Realized 75-90% of my Snapchats start out “hey guys”, “hi guys”, “you guys”....I
Get ready...you might find yourself trying to eat your hair because it smells so good!
Took over for the U13s as a one off this morning, kept the 100% run going but boy oh boy I’ll be glad when the gaffer’s back next week 
Went with stranger things in the end, it was good! Im not clever enough to understand it but that didn’t stop me enjoying it 
Take him in houseful 4.. 
When you get dunked on by a fan 
One-handed granny shots with impeccable form 
 "take a yellow" 
 sorry 
We know what 
So, 
To see the handsome devil 
Seeing this guy on the tele made me laugh man 
 Boris Johnson dad asking who is who,they ve no idea who he is?
I'm sure prem teams are on international duty 
Go on Chorley. Just seen u rioting 
When your mum says you can have a couple friends stay over 
Amber calling Chris immature 
Are you running an exotic zoo at your house, 
Have a few for me 
That feeling when the season starts Saturday 
Tag a friend who would happily wear this 
I was buzzing I can't lie 
Got to wear a bit of leopard print in the jungle 
Where can I get matching pyjamas for me and my chihuahua 
Such a fun show with my boyos 
Endless rt’s 
The only bad thing about watching series is fall asleep after every 3 epoisod
When your best pal gets into a relationship but you're not willing enough to let them go
QUALITY: Lee Sharpe's story of Sir Alex Ferguson after Eric Cantona's red card vs Crystal Palace. 
Throwback to former Middlesborough player Mido attempting the crossbar challenge
Montana When 
DEAD!!!! 
Oi!! Where’s our copy?? 
Amir Khan when he pulled that snake out 
Exhibit B 
Local derby tonight 
“Debbie McGee your a lucky women” - 
 bro even your mother knows thats false 
Republic of Ireland fans celebrate women buying lingerie in Denmark 
My first video of the Magnificent Seven! Never used Twitter 
Have you all seen this 
If you didn’t see 
 EXCLUSIVE: 
Songwriting/studio head on today.. thank God for filters!! 
Who said men can’t multitask?? 
 as funny as that sounds I think for our younger generation of fans it may be slightly inappropriate! It didn’t tickle either! 
 yes BB! Come on mate give me a break! 
LOL....The end...goodness 
We are done! Thank you, 
Listening to that interval samba music for the last time..! Ready for the Wolf to work that tail ONE MORE TIME! 
We just need a jersey for Murphy 
Part 3: We challenge 
Loved when 
It's ok 
I can't explain how tired, hungry & bored you get doing Tv liners for countries around the world whilst on a video shoot in the heat on Malibu beach! 
STILL LAUGHING! 
Anyone in 
Thanks Amanda ,all ready for my wkd jog
Gia singing on her dads show 
HitMan vs 
Sick in bed wishing Tess was with me. Anyone in Montreal with a puppy they could lend me for the day 
So I broke my nose again 
Jacob - I like to call myself J-A-C-O-B Me- sooooo Jacob 
Need some final encouragement ahead of it all getting underway?


Wow! Big ding dong happening on twitter between ex players pre-Ashes! 

I have since learned who techno Viking is 
I told her I could only tolerate Jared right now 
Our navigator 
Remember when Raven got turned into a bunny? 
where is there good ramen in Toronto? Kinton will not acceptable for 6 months 
This is so funny and kabog! TV5 dubbing department is shaking. 
BB-8, meet...BB-8! We're seeing double with these cute 
"Bob is my constituent now" IS a read 
That really sucks for the producers and cam op, but 
And the Seven Kingdoms were forever changed by King 
Provenza: Too bad we don't have a suspect that just went to Mexico... Oh, wait...


Glad you guys are tweeting this out like crazy 
I lost it at this!!! 
too soon bro too soon 
Never celebrate until the river is dealt 
I taught my niece how to say okay, the right way..... she took it and ran with it. She’s three, still. Btw. 
OH GAWD IM CRYING WHHYYY DO YOU GUYS DO THIS TO ME 
When Amir receives his meal ticket... 
"Engastration" 
I'm a 
Fantastic 2 weeks in Southampton with 
Keep getting told off by 
Who’s working as hard as this guy today? 
BEST 
Mambo no .... FIVE... muchhh more fitting ... 
Buggy and ball incidents. 
Who was the most over par/handicap in 2017 
Just an amazing couple days playing true Links golf, thanks to 
Was a pleasure spending my 26th bday with you chaps 
Get up Dan. Get up. No seriously Dan...GET UP. And stop snoring. 
I am laughing right out loud. This is one of the funniest and most clever welcome signs a school has ever made for me. Zoom in to read the word bubbles. 
Homies! Signed / personalized copies of my book can still be ordered through Chicago indie bookstore 
Look what I found on my desk 
Just in case you wanted to see the slow motion version of 
Can see Williams scoring the winner here too!! 
Wtf did I just watch 
Wait for it... 
He’s coming for the haters 
Imagine waking up and seeing your mate from school doing this 
Throwback to the time FIFA caught four men playing for the Iran women's national team.

Just look at number 10 
I don't think 
You're funny haha
this is great haha
"Nature is abundant!" 
Oh i found out how to see patch notes on ps4 if we go to the game icon on the xmb press options button then go to update history. Lol simgurucleaninglady. That's awesome. 
Holy moly gigantasorus cucumber! Clearly I was not allowed near it hahaha
Your juke moves are DISGUSTING lol. We had no answer for you, but thanks for supporting the channel 
Retweet if you're a better QB than Nathan Peterman 
Defense was on point all night and I blocked a guy's layup on a fastbreak off the wall, so that's my moral victory 
 Aw damn... shots fired 
Y’all pray for me. The devil is busy today. 
Let me entertain you by 
When over 2000 adorable British accents are passionately singing your most profane song. 
Here's 2... (or 3 
When you're gearing up to see 
 has totally ignited a fire within my friends and I to play 
“I try to write about the things people don’t talk about. When you write in the first person, you’re saying all the ugly things people say in their heads but not out loud.” 
 sup Benny blanco from da Bronx! 
This is the best video I've ever seen 
Hallsy on his tweet to Selena Gomez: “Yeah that was a shot in the dark. But sometimes you need to shoot your shot.” 
The Tonight Show Superlatives for the 2017 Stanley Cup Finals. These are hilarious 
This. Is. Amazing. 
“As they say in hockey, let’s do that hockey.” 
When someone says "we're out of wine" 
, but also 
Awkward! 
We always have that problem 
Whole Foods Market shoppers are the GOAT at shitty parking 
We had so much fun filming this 
Very cool to get an exclusive look at 
New video dropping today is unlike anything I’ve done before 
Reminder! 
tfw u realize u married someone as fastidious as u are about semantics 
You made the cut 
When IT showed up 
I'll need proof James!!!
New specials with extra special names ! Gourds Gone Wild 
I'm in hell, dreaming about you and Michelle. So come back, Barack.
Don't leave us here alone. At least pick up the phone.
Trump don't even got a dog, man.

This is too live.
Like they say, the apple don’t fall far from the tree
They can’t steal my joy
and actually trying to pull myself together for the rest of my beam routine!
Bet Ed 
Earthy girls 
Yo Embiid funny as shit wit that flop 
 done! 
Uh... Scott? 
Spent the last hour and change on FT giving my Grandma instructions on her iPad and how she can stream my games 
Wait... Whose birthday is it again? 
The President of our country really be beefin on Twitter 
The universal face for when you catch feelings and it's unexpected
Method man playing lacrosse against 
 “It’s the Ryan household. You know what you’re getting into”.  
Yes, kinda like that 
So true!!! 
Congrats! Found Fitz last year, and now he found Biz 
Applauding yourself because you're the Sexiest Man Alive. 
It's worth a try!
 I think the best one out. Nailed it young fella
LIVES and 
He’s right - Darren nailed his Lightroom nameplate 
Guy Drops Everything To Be 'Mom' For Injured Infant Pig  
I love the fact that when 
Motha I was nervoussssssss  
woww the end of traveling light hahah 
My roommate was asleep and I was listening to "Love Don't Change" by 
Kombucha on tap? Acai!  This could not be more spot on! 
I dated/liked a few westside niggas in my day 
My Son Be Having Me Crying 
The Thirst is Real 
Hey Friday whatup g!!!! Missed you as always. Already know you had a good day 
This MUST come to Canada! 
I used to make such an effort. Now it's a miracle if I brush my hair in the morning 
'Wise he so small' 
So last night, 
Before Snapchat and Instagram was around, this is where you showed off your shoes/outfit. Never forget where you came from 
Striking out on all these Off-White’s! 
GO BIG LEXI!  
Now that my baby is asleep, time to watch the new walking dead... finally 
Gibby staying close to Wolfgang as she learns to jump on the strings 
"I'd rather play (golf) with a fast Manson than a slow Funkhouser" 
 Not only a great magic show but you got me cracking up with your jokes! Thanks! 
Miss Hannigan's props table backstage at 
Here’s a peek behind the scenes of The Long Way! Thankful to have made a great and funny new friend in 
Just watched 
I forgot to tell you what happened on the tube the other day with this man  while I was reading 
Their banter definitely got us laughing. 
Nothing questionable about it... I was wearing that when he was still making 3's 
No Custard Pie this time... 
I guess my name is GUEST this week... 
Here is the full 
If I remember correctly I did that a while back so you copied me!
This picture was only taken 5 years ago, not! 
Enjoyed trying to get this frase right but unfortunately I wasn’t very successful at it!
Just waiting on 
 wouldn’t want it any other way.
Does Lyft work in London? 
It's official! I always have the most interesting taxi drivers, last week I was a counsellor.. this week... A beauty therapist
First day of rehearsals that should be!!
This actually happened! 
Went into 
it's not just you 
Lol this scene 
I just wanna know why some white people feel the need to do the absolute most in photos when they're around black people. We just be wanting to take normal pictures and y'all are out here looking dumb as hell
Yes 
Freaking love you 
The most financially dangerous book I've ever read 
Hmm I need to do this 
So much fun Really enjoyed the 
 who’s your favorite WWE Superstar? 
*if you have one* 
*i know it’s a weird question 
My goodness
I’m so freaked out from happiness, you know that feeling, don’t you? 
I’m wearing my bonnet right now as I tweet 
Drax was ready to roll, me, not so much, LOL 
thank you for recommending this 
I am also 
Name this band 
I have so many tracks to release omg could actually make two albums 
Pretty sure yall already know, but changing nappies ain't the most fun thing I've ever had to do. Only another 15,000 more times to go 
Hahaha! This is SO accurate. 
Teacher's favourite memory of 6th Class 2017....you get what you deserve....
Bayern Munich fans have thrown fake money on the pitch to protest Anderlecht's ticket prices 
Cavani makes it 3-1!!!!

Neymar with the assist... 

Seems like they're getting on just fine now 
Which goal was better? 
The story of homosexual penguins ‘Roy and Simon’ 
This is the DANISH section
Selfie?! 
"Calmness personified by Duffy" as he kicks it out for a throw 
Cracking up listening to 
This was so much fun! Still can’t believe 
Would you believe it? 
Dusty's own unique version of river dancing 
Well played 
 I can’t watch Christy on the Late late I’m howling 
“Major book request” just in from my dad 
Just Magnificent
What a little legend 
 more animal gifs please 
After a particularly crap day the evening 
@3namc 
@3namc what's the name of that tan sorry I didn't catch it with your fabulous Italian accent 
He has a point 
 to when we thought we were 
Hahahaha what did you spell incorrectly?? Hmmm??? 
Dani I
Whole outfit 
Have you seen a couple more perfect or stylish as them ? I think not 
convo with my 13 yo. I assume SHOOK is a good thing. 
Neighborhood watch.. 
Nice to make my home debut tonight 
Just about to go live with Imogen Sellers on 
One of the funniest things iv seen in ages 
I have no idea what this means but I'm delighted 
The beautiful game 
 D come on man put some respect on my name
YES!!!!! Enjoy guys!! What a great photo haha!! 
Hahahaha!! 
Look what I have... Want it?? Just follow me and retweet. I will pick a winner a week today and send it to them! Just in time for an Xmas present 
Ffs 
Wow that's lost you so cool points 
This one sums up my profession 
Welcome to this weeks' 
I've indoctrinated a couple of new 
Don't forget tonight that Wales are playing Panama in a World Cup warm up match... for Panama. 
Doesn't everyone sing "Lady in Red" when buiding 
The Irish outside a Victoria's Secret shop in Copenhagen....classic!!! 
I played GEM and words with friends came up with this 
Math Jokes for 
Crab Legs and Hooters 
Stephen Colbert eating wings 110x hotter than a jalapeño on The Late Show we really made it 
This is amazing. 
This always makes traffic a little more magical 
If you aren't watching 
Had sushi for the first time in a few years today. It’s growing on me now, 6 out of 10 
That moment when you're making strides on tidying up biz finances. Many files are open, to attend to an important email. THEN you realise that you need to close every application, document and window to upgrade your computer so that you can open the one final file needed 
Good one Murtaugh. 
Can you do a better Brummie accent than the stars of 
✔︎ s02e01 of 
Naw Rog 
✔︎ s04e01 of 
Chancellor goes “ Mommy , I wish I could hear the song about sleep walking “ 
I’ve never been prouder 
I hope not 
I don’t know. It’s one of my daughters 
I had 
 that wobble though 
Best hosts ever? Definitely the funniest 
 Boosie cold lol
I've made them get the album out 
Omg stop you two are cracking me up 
Ah thankyou that’s really nice of you to say! And yes he does but he never uses it 
I assisted the 
she bought me my own set 
 so funny! Xx
big love to you! Xx
Cakes with quotes from my book on!! Thank you @charliesbakes for the thoughtful gesture. ‘What would Beyoncé do, you twat?’ is one of my faves!! 
Sadly it's a sick day for me from 
This is so intense 
Kevin Hart vs Usain Bolt in an ice bath challenge goes exactly how you'd expect 
Go watch full video on unilad 
Still listening to this on repeat 
Looks amazing, yes Marie are much better 
Cheers MATE 
Have you ever seen such a confused 
I go Singapore 3 weeks on Saturday.....HA! My life is so random sometimes 
So far I’m having a cracking day! My ‘don’t forget to smile’ travel cup really works 
ENOUGH
 is the best in 
Amazing class by 
Morning Freestyle Part 3 (lol low battery came on halfway through) 
Why do we always stand in this order without realising? 
When you buy a dress in 2 different colours for a wedding and love both! Would it be too much to wear one in the day and one at night?!? 
4 months ago I was paid to manage a bar.... today I was paid to build a mosaic of mo jo jo jo from the powerpuff girls out of Lego 
Photoshoot 
Technically he can still hit magma core bottom 
Okay Amir, if you won't wear a dress, will you at least wear a suit to prom?  
I'm gonna need the video of me running after the golf cart please! 
Haha a hater 
"Opinions are like assholes..everyone has one" 
My favorite part of this article is the reference to the “atmosflat”
...cuz if it’s not round, it’s not an atmosphere. 
Here’s what the 
This should be interesting. 
I'm up for work in 5 hours and beth wants to buy me a takeaway 
I remember -  
LOL! I posted this in such a flurry of YAAAAAS! John Cusack Disney Proletariat!!! I did not even note that it’s from 
can't even buy a coke 
Its Thanksgiving Eve&Im returning to my comedic roots by detailing how to make yours as unproblematic as possible 
Waiting for Amir to leave the jungle like...
280 characters to talk more shit 
We all look so miserable here but we had a great time! 
Iced out, groupies in tow, the whole nine. 
Just saw an entire rap entourage walk into Chic Fila. 
Shotgun, always here to serve our adoring (and adorable) fans of 
Better bring your 97’s 
GOOOOD MORNING!!

Live pon di radio, talking missing my flight to Morocco, Gassing the locals, and not properly planning my trip to Manchester for 
Some of the fakest people tweet the most amazing quotes that they themselves don’t even live by 
I’m on season 8 and it gets better and better hun , and I know I also feel like I’m in it sometimes 
That show gets me on edge especially when your watching it at 3 am 
I’m deeping that 
I've lost so much and learnt much. There's a reason why things have slowed down. Don't think theres nothing to show for it though 
whatever future jungle is go sit your ass down ffs 
Funkz on the one two step 
When they ran up with pencils and paper for autographs from squad 
Catch me doing moves like this on stage on Friday 
“Wish me luck...” *silence* 
My heart was racing for them all
I seen this retweet and threw my phone at the wall and now it's broke but I'm still too gassed 
 I would never call a ex and hate on another nigga. Drake funny for this one 
Shout out to my boy 
Tonight feels like a drake and drive kinda night 
I jus love this country 
My Jigga 
mangled 
Off to film with baileysnigeria. Check out my fans photobombin in da back 
We would like to congratulate Jeremy Hunt for unearthing the one junior doctor out of 54,000 who is willing to agree with him - it has only taken him two years 
The end of hip hop/rap as we know it. Got better rappers/mc’s over here anyway. AND it’s a smaller country. So yeah leave them there innit 
Dancehall done numbers with this one. Big up the son of Supercat 
 don't sleep!! 
When you’re at the train station to go to 
When they can't figure out how it works 
Your not a DJ tho 
Watch how many ppl get one of these at Christmas n them call themselves a DJ 2 weeks later 
Things I look forward to in life:

Christmas with the fam

Studio or djing at a gig

And..... 


ha ha ha yes nephew u kill me big ups man
Whys he holding a bottle of coke
You must love that deadline day adrenaline rush init 
What’s happening here 
A40 Steerer, Legend like Shearer living out my bars today 
"Your under citizens arrest get ready to die" loooool
When the lights come on at the Drum and Bass Awards 2018 
To all my amazing fans I’m planning my next show and inshallah it will be Bigger & Better but if you like miss it again 
These kids are not serious at all 
Off the dome grime?? 
Nah I'm tired but EXPLAIN THIS 
 I'm READY for work G! The Return of the one and only 
This guy is too wavey 
This is more funnier because of the end result 
Happy birthday to the young lady that stole my face 
I am dyyyiinnn laughing listening to safari with 
If you suspect your girlfriend is cheating, jst call her friend ashewo and see ur girlfriend's history revealed.
ITS A WAR NOW YALL 
Happy Gday to my Bro/partner and my man who love to argue 
Guys bust joke and grab their friends 'guns' & we're very comfortable being half naked around each other. But what else dyu want us to compliment? The idea of just casually sitting with your willy out and/or complimenting the size of a next mans' isn't remotely normal. 
Cheery Monday notification vibes from 
Please pass out for two
I nearly died in the shower once dancing to this song. I get too excited 
In fact he will be an Mbaise man 
 Just seen 
Goooooooooooal.......  
 from 2014 to 2017! We still do the best Miranda impressions 
Congratulations to my brothers 
When you are very determined to attend the party despite not being able to iron your cloth because Nepa disconnected your light a day before "the party."
Will MM it to U
Am just too stubborn ha
This ppl do aaa ig self verify me 
My new song is titled : "i be Naija boy "
Abi stubborn like naija boy
i get money like naija boy
i deh confirm oo like naija boy.
me abi naija boy..
i get big house like...
fleet of cars like ...
but inside my heart 
inside my soul
me abi 
You no dey wake up early too 
incorrect Joe. On it Saturday handling the crisis hotline for some poshies
somebody will find something to moan at lol. He was excellent. But no hype.
Unsubscribing. Reporting late night texts as spam. Setting auto filter on “you up?” messages to Trash. (This is not a real notification
"I wish I could get into a room with people who don't like me and ask them what's the problem" - 
 yhoo mara 
Lmaoooo u wan break my head 
If I see a girl with a big booty I’m staring idc 
I swear 
The part were 
Loooool you know me to well!
Have you ever seen so much food that you’ll not be hungry again? Wait for December 2! 
If I were you, I wouldn’t throughout December 1 cos I know I’ll eat unlimitedly on December 2 at the Kanu Ndubuisi Park! 
There was always one 
Amir Khan right now... 
Most of us can relate 
OYA WHOZzzz YA DADDY? 
This generation sha, abeg make person first marry before e enter market else we will judge all standing breast till we see, touch and taste 
Always entertaining watching Liverpool 
When you send a video to your friend at 3:51pm and he replies with "LMAO" at 3:52 but the video is 6 minutes long 
Wtf is this shit 
Twitter isn't the same no more man. I used to be an addict! Barely on it now, just post 1/2 tweets scroll the TL a couple times and exit 
Specs and Stevo is a match made in heaven 
Chopped it up with 
 What is going on here...
Haha we can take him to tipsy tiger 
Yeeeeees
The shit that happens off mic
Yooow! We have to protect 
I really hate when people also say “El Paso is a small city” but in reality it’s like the 16th biggest “city” in the United States 
Lol Zuma is really not trying to catch that resignation fever
..AKA Though! 
Bwahahahaaaaa kekkkkkke ....if she calls me so then lazima iko Kamau or Njoroge behind her Usapere 
Let there be darkness....also thank God for those free torches from FOR YOU 
Brian 
 Power to you 
"Syd, the L word."
"Lice!"
"No! The other L word."
"Leprosy!"

I want to practice my joke cracking tomorrow at Quiz night. 
CANAAN postponed until 2022 
Me when im drinking henny with 
Haha deal with it
I swear if I die, don’t you dare photoshop angel wings on me 
Awesome light show at the Chinchilla Watermelon Festival 
Lmfaooo bro, I’ll be Willy Wonka EVERYWHERE lol giving bitches some sweets for real 
Trap djs that be rocking those corny genie pants 
Wow. 
Pics I find in my Google Pictures 
 it wasn't over yet.
Mna ufala...haha 
I was about to say 
Kenyans are observant, fast thinkers and very creative 
wakue aki,kwanza with these costumes
Things fall apart 
While Jeff was away 
 More like Calamafi 
“Ima beat yo A*** in spades, Ima watch football and talk s**t to you, then after that Ima be all up in your daughter guts” IM CRYIN 
Meanwhile, the 
ACT III OMGGGG I WAS DEFINITELY IN THERE DOIN THE WILLIE BOUNCE
Bruhhh I would be 
He got so scared his knees buckled 
Who remember during childhood when you thought the moon use to follow you everywhere you go at night.

If you remember this, Sorry that's when your stupidity started.
Ain't this the truth!!?  
 "can't play anything, it's all off" "okay well then play ____" "I FUCKIN CANT PLAY SHIT"
But wait can we talk about how Sasuke refuses to get a new arm because he doesn’t trust how powerful he’ll be with two 
You can't remix a future classic like that lol 
 mugs
No way has Barry from eastenders just performed for Trump 
My status last night.. 
Might as well just give Toff the crown right now 
Tweet of the night for me 
Keep your business plans to yourself before someone come through and take your business. 
 being on 
I LOVE 
Just knocked another guys phone charger out of the wall and he said he was sorry to me... def in Canada now 
NEW YOUTUBE VIDEO! 
NEW VIDEO WITH 
can we talk about 
 this was one of the best part of 
On that note, throwback to the 
20 minutes after eating fancy gourmet thc/cbd food from the_herbal_chef 
don't say you're a real dj unless you know what 
Remember that time Steve Angello just took a Vengeance construction sample pack and just copy pasted it into a Beatport #1 single? Lmfaooooooooo Legend 
Now that Italy is out of the 
Hang on... at 6 seconds, did someone just smack that giant hockey player's backside??? Asking for a friend 
The lack of capitalisation is making my teeth hurt 
One is an 
Get that "No Limit" Tri Trappa Trappa Bootleg on 
 totally 
TFW a turkey challenges you to a dance battle. 
But like... do you even bro? 
congratulations to Barbara Streisand ,Julia Roberts and Donald Trump on their FIFA top 3 nomination for player of the year! 
Danny Featured in the New Adidas Advert, 1st shot with the outside curve and last with the shrug 
Costume game is so strong from 
And best costume goes to.....
Trombones, juggling, kittens, miming with beer, & making fun of my boots (they’re Steve Madden, not Uggs) - it was a phenomenal evening of absurdity Thank you 
Still 
LMFAOOO THIS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU GIVE NIGGAS A PHONE AND INTERNET ACCESS 
We fuck with mexicans they the homies 
Working on it...
 finally making that torrance come back! here’s a picture of that sweet goodness! come this way and make sure you get to try them out! i’d follow them anywhere 
Agreed! Who does have time for 
Rae Flapjack - very inconspicuous 
lol these trivia questions on our 
Looks like this husband will be sat at the kids table this Thanksgiving 
"Back it up...reset." 
Excuse the low-quality screenshots cause we joined remotely 
Bring back the subs 
For the record, managers get just as wigged out when when people on our teams drop the "can we chat for a few minutes later today?" 
OH: “Use the logs, Luke”

Spieth has spent his day training with Aussie sporting royalty before the Australian Open! 
Would prefer them scrambled or sunny side up. 
this got me dyin 
And the internet wins once again 
Queensland, have your say in the great Australian 
please give scott disick his own show 
Pic1: I am 
This episode got me 
Ha ha very good 
Ok first off thank youuu this is very nice. Also who dat girl in your profile pic? She gonna be mad at you for this? 
What a show! 
Booting 
I can shoot strait lol but not technology
Best part about getting Pick 12: it’s Port’s pick, that would’ve been lower if Shuey hadn’t kicked that after the siren goal 
Motty’s advice for 2018 (during planning meeting). Play to our strengths, you don’t order calamari in the middle of Australia, you order a cheese sandwich 
My favorite pic because I was too hammered to remember meeting you at the tattoo convention, but you’re still the real ink master too me
Hahaha no he didn’t 
 arrest that man for a fashion tragedy 
The coriander of comedy!!! Amazing 
For some weird reason, though seven flat moves and eight years, I have kept hold of (passive?) aggressive notes between my old flatmates in halls and they're making me HOWL
Played it almost daily driving to and from work and only had it a few months...lucky i burned that copy from the original..LOL
LMAO....

It was funny until we realize who fault it it was and who was going to be the one to replace it. 
After a frantic two weeks in Tralee, New York & Dublin it's back to 
Also I'm so keen to see 
My hubby told me I'm the light of his life and gave me this lol 
Saturdays Murder in Mayfair saw some amazing Halloween costumes, but our favourite has to be the Trivago woman
Meetings sure are quick at 
When your team makes you an emoji and you wonder how you have lived life so far without one. 
Lower league coupons aren't that bad a suppose 
"Hector Bellerin is sure it wasn't a foul..."

Deeney: "He had his long hair in the way, he couldn't see what he's doing." 
Thinking about that legends old firm game last Sunday getting the ball off Gordon Durie and passing to 
Dougy needs to read the catalogue more we feel 
We might need to offer some assistance next time the Adelaide Football Club does its grocery shopping 
Loving this customer request for Thanksgiving on Thursday 
Neymar the party boy?

He has nothing on 
What pics did Gabrielja take on her marine life wish? Shellfies 
Fair to say Qarabag's spelling was slightly off for the Chelsea squad in tonight's official match programme 
Ivy Mae does not like the top lip 
 What a Machine. You go girl 
Fucking class 
Course you are bro 
Best reply ever 
Trick or treaters who knock my door are getting a bible each..
I’m Arsenal but I am temporarily blowing bubbles 
BRILLIANT! 
AHAHAHAHHAHA AMIR KHAN PULLED THE BLOODY SNAKE OUT AND STARTED SCREAMING 
Ben pearson loves a scrap 
Sell it asap 
The disrespect 
I have searched far and wide for this tweet, I can't believe it actually exists 
Sometimes pre-pool is the best bit of my whole day 
Hahahaha please tell me someone got that on video 
 No, wait, 
I don’t mean to boast...
But I’m in a REAL BAND OF TEACHERS CALLED...

Mark Absent and the Registers 
The school trip couldn't get any worse...until little Declan darted over to the brook and dunked one of his peers into the trickling water. Diligently, the teacher referred to her risk assessment! 
When you get traffic news from a viking 
 10 monthly instalments of the following: £8 personal, £6 e-membership, £5.5 concessionary & NQT, £3 student. We now have the highest membership we've had in over four years 
Massive congratulations to Tanya Murshed of 
Glad I have these guinea pigs at home 
A teachers worst nightmare 
Loved every minute.....now 
CJ did this! Yummy veggies on a final Friday-Halbig on salt run
In honor of this year’s 
List 3 players from UC Davis in the NFL... don’t worry I’ll wait! 

I’m aware I look 7 years old with my hair down 
How did 
Only in NOLA
If you need any fantasy advice, get at me 
Caption this ... 
Went to 
It’s rivalry week. 
We do this for Lil Saint 
Marshawn Lynch man of the people 
NLE Fun Run Boosterthon "Reward"
when you finally collect that diploma 
CLASSIC: Everytime Troopz says "blud", the video speeds up...

Cannot. Stop. Watching. 
 appreciate that bro!
Rhyming! 
Not always good.

Sometimes our teams do wacky, creative things to promote their school's Fun Run...
 so we showing out now huh 
Tonight?! We were reunited this morning for shootaround! Don't miss that pregame conversation 
Ha ha... if you enter a pageant, they are going to think you are in the MS. division
I just checked my spam email only to discover I have missed out on millions of USD as well as many opportunities from the United Nations, Government officials, long-lost relatives & various heiresses. 
Y’all.. look at this chic-fil-a rap video 
Lazy, or brilliant? 36 degrees, so my friend is grilling from inside 
Birthday S/O to my boy 
Why you lying to all these people 
Haters can’t hold back they hate because it run in they blood... You came from a whole bloodline of haters. “all the people in your family were assistant pimps.” 
 I need a hammer and chisel emoticon.
Awh aren't they so pretty 
Think I'm obsessed with Dua Lipa 'New Rules' Records ahah think I've listen to every version going today 
Supported 
This one gold 
Why I hate being on public transport 
Spotted 
My dentist does teeth whitening I didn't know you were a real dentist lol 
Captain SD!! My job is to Save Your Tooth! Just call my name.. and I'll be there!! 
The apprentice is in charge of catching the dust. 
True story. I had a great time last night 
 Shannon gave Lydia the LOOK OF DEATH 
So funny 
Twitter is something else 
My reaction when somebody says Tom Brady isn't the GOAT... 
Wall disrespected Whiteside 
Here we go episode 10 “ rhinestone cowboy” our funniest yet , well for 
Here it is “ rhinestone cowboy “ 
Recorded episode 10 of 
I know I’m not an Alien too 
“I’m not an alien Fred” ,, fred “ how do you know “? Me ,, “ I’m not “ 
Episode 9 “ loving the alien “ 
The background, the ticker - so much right about this video!! 
 On his highlights
Lmaooooo “You going to be a 70 on madden for that” 
Got that call of duty dlc 
 Happy Birthday Bro 
Aaron Holiday makes game-winner for UCLA with 0.8 seconds left on the road against Wisconsin, wins the game 72-70. Former Campbell Hall standout. His brother Justin will be taking on the Lakers tonight for Chicago. And Thanksgiving, a holiday is around the corner. Crazy! 
No he didn't dress up as "Red" from Friday. 
Quite the nutmeg, 
Anything is possible 
Detroit fans - saw your new arena today. Might have parked in the wrong spot!! 
Gorgeous in Gower. 
I love airports cos the rules of society don’t apply. Eat pizza and drink alcohol at 7am in a tracksuit... NO ONE CARES 
No was the answer - in case you were wondering
When you're the only white guy at the party. 
dah sun yah very bright though 
 indisciplined Jamaican DJ’s will soon make this an all dancehall affair!! 
 My sentiments exactly!!!
It’s wrestling season .. which means we gonna see a whole bunch of refs doin this 
Cassie is getting too smart 
When Gabe wants to help you out before the mmr reset 
This man dancing to Michael Jackson's ‘Remember The Time’ at a recent Janet Jackson concert absolutely KILLED IT. 
This has happened to me on numerous occasions when tweeting for 
Found it 
Growing up watching eastenders never did I think I’d be sitting there one day watching pat smoke a joint 
Loving these new self typed 'Press Releases' when players leave a club these days...."Its with a heavy heart I leave the Dog and Duck 3rd team. I would like to thank Chinese Alan's dad for the opportunity...." 
Finally
Get bored waiting for the DM
Read a scroll of word of recall & teleport to the 
The fam actually having something this year so you know it's bout to be dumb lit 
Somebody did a 2k face scan with a blunt in his mouth 
Can someone please explain the reasoning behind why someone would put a bowl of milk with a spoon in the fridge? I’m lost.....
I can honestly say, I've never seen a cat trying to pet a bird 
"Look it's fine, it's great, I just don't understand it" 
It's a hard job but someone's got to do it 
Hahaha doesn't get any better 
Lmao cold's glasses 
No chance against 
Rewarded i think 
"Are you the DreamHack Snapchat?"
"Yes"
"Can I take a picture with you?"

Hahaha I'm dying. First and probably last fan pic 
First time trying written journalism, plz let me know what you think, thanks 
Happy Friday you gorgeous bunch! 

The edit on my Parisian Birthday is live and kicking. I'm officially in my late 20s and feeling pretty fragile about the fact, so show some support 
Have been exiting off the 'compose tweet' window all day cus I though the new character counter was a loading symbol and my Twitter was broken 
Before we both fell through a gap in the stage 
There’s always that ONE person in the room 
I’m CRYIN!! Snoop really be the voice for all of us and how we feel 
Once you pop 
That's great! 
It all started off so well.... and then.... 
 Shout out to this gentleman, with the most polite and diplomatic protest of 2017 
Too busy checking my DM's 
 that’s one way of looking at it, like to think we fulfil that criteria ‘up north’
I really don't know, I haven't seen it! 
Nothing like getting free tea posted through your door on a Sunday... 
Trapped my children in a snow globe 
On site ready to deliver another SPECTACULAR Christmas Event @strandshopping We begin by respectfully recognising Armistice Day with a 2 minute silence then into our show with a host of fabulous entertainment including the LEGENDARY BASIL BRUSH 
ONLY 1 MORE SLEEP until 
10 SLEEPS until we deliver a unique Christmas Pantomime for families to enjoy at 
BRA!!!!! Ever finally get a song of 
Even your favourite award-winning young journo has skills yo 
Two 
THE PLOT TWIST THO 
Lovely evening for 9 holes 
Don't eat playing cards kids, look what happened to me 
cannot use my old excuse for not going to events, aka ‘sorry, i’m working’ - anyone got a good new one for me..? 
Just a little reminder that 
Best dressed racket re-gripper ever? 
Haha this is too good 
After Bae’s only been single for a few hours, after a 37 year relationship 
Hey MTA got one thng right for once 
Man wveryone is up in arms over the four tet post why are all your panties in a bunch 
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? - Yeah, I'm right here 
The best hug I've had all year 
It’s school visits day and 
being held hostage (figuratively) in our living rm by my fiancée bc he thinks I'm good luck for the Dodgers
OMG WHAT LOL THIS WAS NOT A COMEDY Legit the scariest movie I've ever 
The only John Lewis 
Full time DJ part time rugby player 
I'm never leaving this app... 
Big win tonight! Well done my roomy 
The Pop-mobile got the best upgrade ever.

We must have missed this episode of 'Pimp My Ride'. 
Me (seeing my 2yo son holding something weird): what do you have in your hands?

Him: fingers 

Me: 
I feel like both of these don’t bother me the slightest 
Or is that what I want you to think? 
So who scored on the Yeebras? 
For anyone that watched my live show... told you I’d get told off 
To the people who eat chicken wings in public with a knife and folk... you're not fooling anyone. 
Left my home this morning without a phone charger, I have a iphone so this means I'll be offline in around 30 minutes 
I’ll take that... 
My geography isn't great...

Good thing we have 
Maybe I'll get to have one this time! 
Not yet! 
We just surprised our 
Alan Irvine & Stuart Pearce join West Ham as Moyes coaching staff 
There she goes! 
This is priceless 
I mean 5,10
I'm having serious words with my dad about the connection in this house 
Such a natural infront of the camera! 
Ant and Dec are just the guys 
Top tip: When making anti-bicycle lane propaganda, try not to get drowned out by traffic noise 
That time in '95 when 
 keeping it real!
About to go see 
Worked out today 
So much fun filming this with 
If this isn't me and 
Saturday nights in Glasgow producing yet again
Best squad in Scotland 
 yassss its started
Get amir khan up for every trial absolute helmet
The look says it all! 
Never want to be that guy. 
Everton's shirt sleeve sponsor is Angry Birds 
 lil bro jokes for the number count ! Love you lil bro
 lol RT 
A new reporter on the "Cyclone beat" asking 
Something is happening here... 
Max Scherzer the NL Cy Young... Here's all 268 of his strikeouts this season 
Oh no... kinda like back in the day when you put those hats on in super Mario?! I would never wish that upon you 
What a journey it has been to dance on this show and hopefully break some perceptions!Now they need to find someone who keeps their bum in!
Fucking love this guy, always so dead on and it's like spoken word performance how he uses language sometimes 
These facial expressions are out of control wow 
 is the new 
Some one is not happy that I woke her up. 
 “Here is your concrete cube. We don’t care if you like it. It is functional enough for your purposes. Get over yourselves.”
Yes. Please, let’s see 
Yep... casually young man got some flavor.  Reub is looking pretty sharp there in blue 
Need to be around peeps that understand my “current” sense of humor.  I’m definitely different these days 
I had so much fun doing the Ugly to Beauty Challenge Pets Edition with 
just realized there's a typo, oops! lol 
Even though I missed the call thank you 
Giving this the love it deserves! 
95 % off and maybe someone would buy 
Ricky bobby come slap me because I
Wow you guys are trash 
We kept the douchee guy must be the winner for sure
Been hearing some theories, game play, conspiracies or truths, basically whatever you want to call them. If they are in fact true, guess i wont be saying 
Had a dream last night. I never do those & it was boutta snake. And NO, not 
What is this?!
Like we hadn’t heard about LaVar Ball in a while and I thought he was gone. Now he’s in a twitter battle with THE PRESIDENT going on a week 
A Dum Dum for the Dumb Dumb 
’s snap story yesterday was on a whole new level. Please always do a fabfitfun opening. Omg 
"Don't start crying on content spencer " 
has mean gene ever exited a ring before or...


 why am I allowed to do commentary anywhere lmaoooo
Yeah the selfie they send me I have it as my lockscreen 
I relate to 
Thanks for this 
When the journalist at the state dept makes a mistake & asks about a conversation between Trump & Assad, Heather doesn't correct her. Then Heather says that the hug between Putin & Assad is "proof that Putin is putting pressure on Assad not to do another chemical attack" 
Are you for Real ? 
the speed of the man , where is it now though 
What's Poppin'?! 
This moment was just too beautiful for words, 
Such good advice... wine and new shoes always a good idea 
This single cover is the most hilarious  thing 
too cold for this shoot but worth the wind hitting my bare ass chest!!
Charlie Puth ftw!!!! 
I swear the best thing I ever did was follow 

Tune in for more action stories shared on the new twitter series : 
“WAYS OF THE WEEKEND ANTHEM” 

Talk about a wild weekend, I had just turned 21! Try explaining it to your boss on Monday morning why you can't hear. 
We're a legion now ! 1.000.000 THANKS !!
RT to enter the contest, I'll pick 5 winners (but I still dont know what will be the present 
Morocco, Sweden and Iran to the World Cup. Morocco better not play against Iran otherwise someone will sleep on the couch in casa Zarringhalam. 
Lmao my dad took me Argos to get a MacBook Pro. This is him deeping the price 
Kane scores 3 against Apoel Nic & Talksport pushing the narrative of 'he's better than Lewandowski' 
Planning out PTO for next December already 
Does anyone else's Xbox One just randomly turn on in the middle of the night???

This has gotta stop, it's scaring the shit out of me 
Officially renamed 'Baby Panda' in my group chat 
*Commercial radio ad about free Thanksgiving dinner*

Me: FREE DINNER?!?
Coworker: That's called dating for women 


javele mcgee looks like he got stuck in the 
No Laugh Challenge Part Two with 
Just for a nice change, 
Do you know what this Pro team in Mantua, NJ did?!? Had a HUGE sale for Ring doorbells... and I mean HUGE! It was fun to celebrate with them and of course with Anita Ward as she sang “Ring My Bell”. 
Meet Morais Lowe - w/ THD for 18 years & works in D27 
GREAT job to the Alvarez district in Utah!! I agree with Jason, your sweater is beautiful!! 
Awesome video. Even awesome(r) thread in the comments 
When the ref drops it like it's hot to avoid interfering with the ball 
Karren Brady on the Apprentice every week taking the piss out of the contestants decision making then she goes & hires David Moyes. 
If anyone wonders why I play football..  
Peter Wright trying to give MVG's daughter a 'Snakebite' hairstyle! 
Must be your old age 
We can pull this back 
This dog's reaction to lemon is brilliant 

Best thing ever...

Trump introduced the world to my Hero 


I can’t handle this anymore 
That's a question for 
I have to say though if someone approaches me dressed as a clown we’re gonna fight... 
I’m working on some deals for my MMA debut in 2018. Talking to some great companies will let you know soon What Goes DOWN ‘I always do’! Lol 
What am I looking at? 
This will be gone in the morning 
Accidentally skipping 
Quite enjoyed having the mic 
LMAOO 
This is the best thing you will see this weekend 
Norwich vs Sheffield United, 1996/97 
When Shola Ameobi gets suprised with a birthday cake at the 
That’s all we have in Australia, i remember asking for it my first time in the US & people looking at me like im speaking French 
“Pop’s trippin.. He want me to come ask for my bike back..” 
now take the padding off 
just wanted to see if it came back 
1997 - 2017

Time flies 
There were certainly fireworks at the Emirates this afternoon. 2-0. Great result for 
Oh this is lovely. And totally something that's going to find itself in Twitter spokespeople's conference presentations for the next six months 
“What you saying New Years?” 
 Training part 2 

Vinyl will always be the one! 
This is so real 
People’s opinions on my personal life really do make me chuckle ... 
Today I went to the Composer's Mecca, Remote Control Productions. Hans Zimmer's studio! How long should I hang around outside before someone invites me in? 
"Look how massive that is! There it is next to the kettle; next to some lightswitches; next to a doorbell; next to Jude's nose" - 
Not sure this was the best way to burn off chips
It's not been bingo, it's the officials calling out the last rider  across the line in each lap of the elimination. 
A5: Rocco has asked Santa to take back Weldon AKA the pug on the shelf... no luck so far 
Nothing says it’s almost Christmas like watching a group of celebs suffering in the jungle 
Didn’t have any pumpkins left in Asda so had to use an aubergine instead 
me nd neve were 10x worse in BM
Well that was a strange one!! 
Bunny the chow or indebi as we would call it 
Quick walk to get his sea legs. 
Proud to unveil these two beauties with  
Gives my ears a rest 
Cereal Bar shopping for 
Amongst the comedy responses to simple observations, this is among the best... 
Guess who's getting a window seat on the way home... 
Thats my excuse for missing lectures 
Also managed my first 
Impressive work, 
This tash tho 
Safety first 
Let's be honest - winter kit isn't to keep you warm and dry, it's to look cool in the cafe 
They said Bellerin was the best RB in the PL 
I think I should give twitter another go.

FTP class 
Josh and Kally are back from 4pm today with a special guest! Get us on for an interview like no other 
Start of the century 
Nearly forgot it was Wednesday 
Like tourists 
Last night leaving the track me & Bibo from Suzuki took a 
He’s had rice, cheese and mayonnaise with me numerous times now 
 we've always talked about being healthy but never succeeded 
Quick video update from the basement today, filming, building new bike, getting stressed 
Should be decent now we both aren’t starving 
perfect.  
And it's official my boss 
The fucking irony 
Wen you realize the 230lbs the nigga 
The "I'm only going down the road" load 
Big Ben looks like he's about to rob the McAllisters. 
Be right back. Need to dig up our old Roman Fiesta campaign 
Mine and 
I may or may not have paid off the commentator to say the best things about me!! 
Been in Denmark for 30 minutes and I haven't seen a single shield maiden 
Last year i asked santa for a sis pitch. I got a sis goalmouth as a compromise 
Cleaning the dust off my PhD dissertation 
I'm pretty sure we could have got a few more candles out @jayarcherblooms  
How Goku will defeat Jiren! 
When I'm tweeting lyrics that's when you know 
What a day for a hit on the links 
Golf is all I need. 
Crying at 
SOOOOOOOOOOOO funny 
#9 hole location should be fun for these guys today 
 how are my dance moves?
5:50am, a little warm up and first one the 
 welcome!! 
Great last prediction for sure 
Pasini got the vital basics covered when he tested the gorgeous Suter 500 at Jerez then... anyone notice what that is 
Interesting exhaust config on the KRT bikes at the Jerez test.... almost ZX7R like, leaves 2 pipes for big distance before going into 1. Should try two links all way to can like factory zx7's 
'Knock on door'

'Hi Mr Zarco, its vale, can I have my bike back please'

'What's the Italian for get fucked' 


“...I’m definitely effing stuffing.”

—
Can’t wait fir this event. 2 Crime Writers, Books, Coffee and cakes. What could go wrong? Err, well,  with 
This is great 
This made me LOL 
Wonderful explanation by Molly why we need to do 4 x 68. Wonder what answer RUCSAC would give?!! 
Had to do my performance covering one eye! 
Please RT if you’ve never read a bigger lie from the Daily Mail than “Jeremy Hunt has earned the respect of doctors, nurses and other medical staff” 
This cracks me up everytime, only 40 seconds long - watch till the end! Hilarious! 
I love police 
Great idea for 
Stewards at Coventry last night forcing fans to sit in their correct seats when the attendance was 1,426 in a 32,609 seater stadium
There's the GOAT and the Bull, but what about the other 'animals' in the Aussie side? Absolute gold from Nathan Lyon​ here 
George Bailey 
Went to Celtic Park to photograph the worlds most expensive player, piece in 
Meet Dexter, our new 8 month old rescue dog, I wanted to call him Herman ( the German ) outvoted 3 to 1 
Then Harvey tried to beat his brother - whilst wearing the Pogba mask! 
Bruh 
Still lolling at how 
 Watch an ill 
 must be depressing when you actually win for once and still can't get off the bottom of the table 
'do you know who I am treacle?' bruh I'm dying 
BRILLIANT: 10-year-old 
Twitter- Guaranteed worldwide next day delivery
Heard 
So my mum is off to a 'famous sportsmen' themed fancy dress tonight. Reckon she's nailed it
Father of 2 bro? Surely grandfather
This is mega! 
Gold medalist and didn't even have to fight 
Hold on a minute is that amir khan screaming 
I'm 5 weights heavier than Ali 
Being forced in to watching I’m a celebrity. Boris Johnson’s old man is an absolute beauty 
 I faced you in 2010 mate in your peak. You literally couldn't land it on the cut strip 
 dead 
Bemmie Yogal entertaining a crowd this afternoon! 
You have a good day uncle
Why is this happening 
Tete must of left the oven on last night 
Gotta love a filter Friday 
Gotta love a filter 
Always has to sit at the dinner table 
No Monday feels here 
Nathan Fielder is one of a kind. That new episode is insane 
the fact that this is a legit tweet omg 
Our selection of jokes were very funny! 
One of the most ridiculously funny fun shows I've ever been part of 
It definitely feels like Christmas in the office this week, thanks to 
Jeremy Corbyn describing how to make coddled eggs 
MARIJUANA HAM SANDWICH OH GOD 
This came up during my 
Ah glad the owl was able to make the delivery down south! Hope you enjoy! Would love a trip to Suffolk some day so we'll keep you in mind for when we win the lotto 
BANNANA'S IN PYJAMAS IN CROSBY...TAMMY IS TRYING HER BEST TO GET ONTO THE TEAM
A valiant effort - with some fine tuning 
Too far??... 
surprisingly I got used to not having a home button in about 5 mins. this also feels v fast coming from the 6+ 
 is slowly turning into one of my favourite people, his entertainment is top draw and every sport needs a character like him. He doesn't give a fuckkkkk 
"Lions, they don't recover like humans."

"We're doing the lions thing again, yeah?"


I’m on the panel for this 
Me as Kim Condashian-Wurst was a hot mess Saturday night at 
...Burn
Last week double-unders clicked...AND NOW BUTTERFLY IS COMING! Hahaha join the cult 
Sit in restaurant, order 4 pizzas

Waiter: “Are you waiting on more people?”

No.

Waiter: *dies* “oh”

Remembers photoshoot tomorrow 
Just swapped mine to open too 
How to waste time on FIFA 18! 
Suppose it's alright 
Roka and now Micky Flanagan , what a geeza 
This could be the video of the year!!! 
Are you the tunnel or the train ?? 
3 peak challenge completed in 23hours and 43mins 
Fair play to whoever did this 
Ha ha I thought you meant food hunger till I read it - thought I was unusual that running always makes famished 
Unreal 
West Ham are now gonna sign Steven Pienaar to be their captain 
Got it! So cute, just wondered why it's not in white. 
Sat outside the pub waiting for the Mrs to finish watching 
You’re gonna want to see this…. here’s an exclusive look at 
My impression of 
RAPPERS SING KIDS SONGS PART 2!!! 
FAMILY GUY SING "SHAPE OF YOU" 
:::When your hair is your scarf::: 
YO 
At least he's honest 
Laughs with our sis 
Now we have a dirty new stadium 
The moment I tell my fitness friend that my arms and her boobs should take our act on the road 
Today's look NOT inspired by today's weather. 
Love that my husband DM'ed me this post 
- hey let me copy ur homework
- okay but don't make it too obvious...

I can't stop laughing...
My FUT card by 
TFW you stream the 
Angles are everything! 
Imagine sitting next to a pregnant lady in the movies only for her to pull her stomach out and have hella food. I would die laughing at that moment 
The 40 a day Cola Lifestyle Vid’s still filing up our Instagram inbox 
 didn’t need one. Got lost and basically walked with our bikes 
I’m so over this I
Never give up hope 
Some girls have that problem 
Papi don’t play that 
I LOVE LOVE ~ thx 
When you ready to hoop and God says, "Not today!" 
Getting chased on 
Can we all just agree that this has been one helluva week?!? 
The correct & responsible answer is always the left 
Or you eat before the movie 
You’re a fucking child 
Socceroos 4-0 is my prediction. Not biased at all. A calm, unemotional, neutral prediction 
Byron getting the good gay news while being a secret gay getting a chest wax 
Just download 
YALL GOT ME SQUEAKIN TOYS!! 
Omg this made my already perfect day that much better! 
This reenactment is reason enough to buy a ticket to the Jamboree 
Ok..finally watching 
I never get the flu so I never get the flu shot. Am I living life on the edge here?
Spot on 
Right 
 probably said: "next time the puck needs to go behind the guy with the big pads"
He already got a wife bud!but keep on trying no one likes a quitter 
When a fan runs on and scores a last minute winner... 
The old put a string on a bike and watch people steal it trick 
IM CRYING 
Im in tears 
Kevin Durant was not feeling this Peyton Manning joke AT ALL 
It’s gonna be a long season in Buffalo... 
I love Gus Johnson 
I'm never deleting twitter 
Chance The Rapper did a SNL sketch as a hockey reporter 
WHAT A LEGEND 
Just came out of the tube station and some guy with a megaphone said god is going to bomb me
That comment 
Lil bro needs a snickers. He’s acting out of character! 
Interviewing a Russian hockey player.. 
Greg Bird's dinger to force Game 4 is even better with Titanic music 
It's that time again 
What are thoseeeee 
Chance the Rapper did a hockey skit on SNL, this is hilarious. 
NOOOOOO 
 seriously you won’t want to miss this
Best quote of the night 
Judging 
"Poppin' bottles! Thirsty?" 
Before and during taking the tram up to the very top of the Gateway Arch in St. Louis. Why did I think that was a good idea when I'm afraid of heights?? 
stop it 
Took him from half to the free throw line 
Every school I go to, the kids' first question is: DO YOU KNOW 
Did you get your tix? If you're like my friends, then probably not. second date anyone? 
Actually this was one of my fave Ronan quotes. AND I consider myself a staunch feminist. That lady needs to try a bit harder 
This how I’m going into 2018 
It’s early, it’s chilly and weird things are starting to happen. It must be Halloween. 
For those of you who need a laugh... 
 you forgot "your shoe is untied" works every time 
Off-season gig? Gotta work on my 40 time 
This is awesome 
Miss hearing 
Hahaha missed calls
I agree with you 
ForViva's Older Persons Service team day  -what fun!! !!

We are all Matilda 
Not sure why... but this brew tastes better than usual!! 
"Does that jumper come with a volume knob, 
Great night, lots of fun and giggles with face painting, photo booth, squirty cream and apple bobbing 
keeping your streets ice-free....
"Nick Grit-Shaw" 
I've made it 
Still not over 
Oh! What a memory to wake up to 
Last night...... A crazy camp night in Liverpool! 
When you do a ‘TGI’s’ at The Ritz and this comes to your table 
Paper towels had me rolling 
Dancing like this all year long 
Is this accurate?! 
A nap would be nice.. 
True 
Tag someone who does this 
Exciting news....just had the call to say they want me to fill in for 
We'd be queuing up to watch, would you? 
THIS IS AMAZING!!! 
Nigga do look like Malcom x 
Nah yo 
 boi thought he was kickin knowledge
What song do you want playing now ?? 
Guess what? January 8th 2018 put down in my diary today ....... to order next year's 
Ha! Thought I could handle the trauma but there were “no survivors” of 
"Bruh. Pee in my bed? 
I wanna do this, it looks too wavey 
 and I’m the gay one 
Definitely one of my favorite beats I’ve ever made...recording and sampling at the same time 
The ultimate way to make decisions 
 man you got me dying , appreciate it though. 
Thank you for this, Trace Adkins 
 Me this Christmas..
It's always the ugly ones posting +100 pics a day.. 
Kim Kardashian likes her men, the same way she likes her coffee...

...without any musical talent whatsoever 
Y'all ever leave your house looking good af & your neighbors are outside & you wondering what they thinking??.. like this lil thot, there she go again 
when ur jammin to a song on ur release radar & realize it's a dude u went to hs with 
London can learn from 
Here's one to help commemorate 
"I know it was you Alfreddo!" 
Looks like someone lost a bet 
A bet’s a bet 
Yes Professor X! 
Floyd Mayweather is lucky he's not fighting me tonight. 
I just joined the Instagram World. What have I gotten myself into?
Came out of pharmacology and see this. 
 Go watch your only Xmas advert for 2017. Love this boys 
We got em all about The U 
"I can trust him as far as I can push a house" 
They said all the press Lavar ball been getting is worth over 15million dollars of marketing 
Baker Mayfield is a savage 
Are you joining us for 
Roaring fire. Massive plums and a builders bum all in the same frame. I’m getting good at this
Taking special orders for tshirts, different colours, styles, polos, shirts, super large super small & boob tubes 
On repeat 
Retweet if you love to 'take the pea' 
The Total Package or are you sure you're not Taking the Pea? 
Ngl 70% of the reason I watch TOWIE is because of 
 thanks guys
so much love for 
Wataru Iriyama, our Japanese intern, has been with us for the past 3 months and he will leave today to start his own brewing adventures in JAPAN! 
So this happened yesterday... Very surreal day. 
There's a lesson here in planning and contingency 
Not that I'm encouraging competition, you understand, but 
How many sausage can you eat in a minute????
Review of 
 I'm not even sorry for laughing
When you miss your stop 
What a fantastic night out with my colleagues for our retired A.O. Paul Adams firstly at 
We started with 23 of us now down to the last 4 
Dudes trying to mansplain to me why keeping their beers on the warm shelf is ok... "it's all pasteurized" (referring to Am craft, bottle conditioned beers) 
Catching up on 
Guess who's ready for Reputation tonight? 
Don't know if i should laugh at the references/how the whole relationship was based of stanning Taylor Swift or just how big a Taylor fan 
 has me dead rn 
This is the best thing.
Is it possible to be both Tommy and Trish? 
THANK you!! 
You guys kno I'm a 
It's 1 minute past 6pm, we've certainly got some 
Just checking in 
Why this so accurate though 
FACT: The one man who can stop Storm 
Al Foran impersonating Jose Mourinho 
Just bombed out on my first rodeo on 
Client told us to choose video conferencing tool and that they would join w video and dial in w phone because they always find audio quality to be crap. I set the call up with 
I finally made it to 
Would you say they’re hungry ?? Huddled around the food already!!! 
I know. 
Make sure to tune into 
Butterfingers everywhere 
 Fitting way to win that one 
Well I survived the 
“Haven’t you enough typing done today?” Poor old Ned, 98 years old, married 73 and still getting given out to for nothing! 
Snowfall 2017 never forget! 
Darragh is our HERO 
Tweet of the year 
Genius! & now we know 
"My smartphone is broken. Every time I use the home button, I find I'm still with people I hate" - 
This is what 
Nah I can't lie. I don't care how rich i am, man will still do this
We absolutely LOVE you guys! That slide moment 
Knew you’d start to come around 
Errmm da fuck is this?!
Emmanuel is my favorite person on Wild ‘n Out! 
Y’all ain’t gone tell me this wasn’t y’all shit back in the day
I can still find somewhere to get muddy even in London 
Oops me and 
Good morning beautiful people, keep shining out here looking like yo self 
Mrs. & Mr. 
crazy also remember this girl because of you I finally got merch, I could give james a letter even when he didn’t get because tom lost it
Strong arm robbery seen today at Georgia Southern. 
“I’m 100% sure I’m gonna freeze my ass off.”
I chose 
This is you this wknd 
Everybody go tell 
Rah he tried to bone out and done even worse 
Put him back in his place, y’all! 
My 4 yr old loves to listen to 
 guess what I was listening to when I shot this picture 
I’m dead. 
'Kids Vs Art: Wired Open Day' PODCAST SERIES ONLINE

Imagine Jeff Mills banging it out live on a small boutique TR-09
 Great job tonight on 
 I'm too silly
How I love you so 
Bruh... I actually embrace it 
If your kids don't know anything about 
Yo...
Jheez. These guys make some mad sinister stuff 
Gone from party animal to sensible adult in a week 
Finally gonna go get my hair cut and transform from a 2 to a 10 
This might be the realest and best fucking thing you’ll read all year. 
Trying to avoid all trailers, posters, and visuals from 
BREAKING NEWS

Portal bans ‘Whoomp there it is’ from all events.


We’ve all been guilty of this one! Tag a friend who’s lasted less than two weeks 
I will be king of Nonday, November 15th 
When your over the moon the L t-shirts fits when you thought you needed an XL. 
... When you are really proud of your own work 
THEY SET UP A MIRROR IN THE MIDDLE OF THE JUNGLE AND DIFFERENT ANIMALS WALKED BY 
got 
 in all honesty, I dunno wtf we were doing here... 
Love heights can't wait 
Can believe im 30 on Sunday 
 But, seriously... 
Looks pretty dodgy to me 
 LOVE THIS
Amazing before and after! 
I’m sleeping/not sleeping upright with my 10 week old at the mo! That’s all I’ve got! 
I knew it! 
When you see your mate wobble on Jacob's Ladder 
Favourite summer moment at ncs
OMG GUYS --- stage light mode 
Perhaps the best iPhone portrait I've taken yet 
If you ever want to know who the celebrity in the airport lounge is it's literally the ONLY person wearing sunglasses inside. Lol. How is that productive in any way? 
What they didn't want to show you....... 
Everyday Is Christmas 
Phase three... 
First trial and I’d be out 
Some throwback footage from the early days. 
You knew 
Finding that out right now has made me laugh more than ever 
One of the greatest things to ever happen. My good mate John thinks 
This could be one of the best things I have seen, I need to test mine now
Stories I love this time of the year, strong or weak draft’s, who won the fixture, and who has had the best off seasons list wise 
We love what you’ve done here 
Wanted a breather from college work so decided to start reading your book and I’m already laughing “probably cause mam feeds him Big Mac meals!” 
There's the GOAT and the Bull, but what about the other 'animals' in the Aussie side? Absolute gold from Nathan Lyon​ here 
The face you make when you know the damage you can do but it’s not worth it 
Axel always got my back 
When you're in a mad rush but still have to do your post-match interview... 
There real I swear 
Ever wondered about those tin things which wrap around trees? So have Tim Broomhead + 
George Bailey 
HAHAHA This guy is lit!!!
What the hell 
Ivy Mae does not like the top lip 
How long have you been learning for mate? 
They have obviously never played cricket!! 
Me and the boys on site today. mardiniconstructions nowhere to be seen
 What a Machine. You go girl 
Jay AJAYI got ROASTED on the sidelines after his 71 yard run for getting caught 
Selim the Shit- Named! Mine is terrible lol 
Yeh dad is a selector. I help him select the team at family dinners. 
Golf can give you so much joy & make you want to punch yourself in the head, all in one day 
Yo
2018 is mine
No Sunday footy so Singapore races it is! Any decent mail around? Im hopeless 
Spieth has spent his day training with Aussie sporting royalty before the Australian Open! 
This should get song and video of the year! 
Nobody should call 
You know when you have a song stuck in your head.....well I have “I’m not to poor, to contour” up in there on repeat 
The best part about 
The WiFi at your grandma's house is definitely whatever is on the back of the router. Stop stressing that woman 
This is top tier photoshopping right here 
I am dyyyiinnn laughing listening to safari with 
This 
This how they think i look In Toronto. 
 When a Woman put that fear of God in you tho..... 
Thread 
 Shannon gave Lydia the LOOK OF DEATH 
Tips how to enjoy manya
Seeing that new mickey mouse snapchat filter made me jump all around the room like a 5-year-old kid 
Response I got: "You can’t cook a turkey in a microwave the meat will be leather."  
Yesterday we sold 
Sizzla And The Crank Up Team Crazy crazy 
Maybe so 
There is not a chance in hell that he hasn't seen ONE EPISODE of I'm A Celeb, I'm not having that 
Told you! It's Amir allday now going forward in these trials, the pain 
Take box punches off Canelo but can't feel up a snake 
Amir will get called out for every trial now you watch! Can't be exposing your weakness like that straight from the off.. big man boxer 
Amir Khan ain't never boxing again after this flop 
Out of 6 trainer releases I managed to grab ZERO pairs 
6 STRAIGHT L's 
This Mendy guy from Man City! Dude has serious twitter fingers for a 'top baller'... does he even play? 
 Hear 
 Big Shaq is joined by someone's grandma for "Nans Not Hot" on 
 Watch an ill 
I was actually so pissed off but this brought me back to happy thoughts 
imagine that
RT if Laugh Now, Fly Later is still on repeat 
Y’all cool asses deserve a new day today to go wit LNFL 
So what 
Behold the stoners advent calendar. Never thought I’d see the day 
Heard man are looking for me Oh ohhh 
Me as man of the match 
Tune into 
Going to be on 
hahah remember when I used tune in when I just started 6form everyday when you did drive time with andrea 
 my 2016/2017 presenter showreel watch the full 3 min video here 
Bro 
 guys fuminnnn
Our Christmas list now includes a 
Fsake it's like a scene from 
Nathan Fielder is one of a kind. That new episode is insane 
the fact that this is a legit tweet omg 
THE REFIX SHOW
Casually me fangirling cause 
When people think your mad at them, first thing they do is check your page to see if you subliminally dissed them 
Twitter isn't the same no more man. I used to be an addict! Barely on it now, just post 1/2 tweets scroll the TL a couple times and exit 
The way my boys have just got me 30gb 4g unlimited minutes and texts for £17 a month buy threatening the guy on the phone 
 someone get childline pls
My first top 20  in life ( that wasn’t a remix 
Got too gassed when 
The Panama ball boy did what he had to do to get his country to the World Cup last night... 
The 40 a day Cola Lifestyle Vid’s still filing up our Instagram inbox 
Bants 
I’m a Celeb bants 
Knew you’d start to come around 
 always great seeing you!
 didn’t need one. Got lost and basically walked with our bikes 
LaVar Ball's troll level is unmatched. Chris Cuomo is worked. 
As a Mexican, I agree. I'm gonna stick to my caldo and my charro beans 
I can't see out of my left eye bro
Floyd 
Hello hello! What's your favorite Thanksgiving food? (If you're not in the US ... try your best to answer 
Of course of course 
I've probably never seen anything funnier than 
I AM DEAD AND BURIED IN WOODLANDS 
DAMN I CRACKED UP SO BAD WHILE LISTENING TO THIS
Awake 
Ok we got a challenge for you guys! 
Expectation VS. Reality 
I had to pop this pimple 3 different times over the last couple weeks and the first time a dermatologist do it 
On Halloween in Chicago, kids don't want candy, they want 
 I'm weak
On God! 
 wilder is a funny guy tbh 
When I was chasin bitches I was broke 
LIVES and 
D.C. it is always such a pleasure. Even in 10000% humidity 
 defense dancing before the snap 
Repost from 
Who fell for this? 
CANADA. 23(-5) degrees is not fall weather. 
Plz come 
 wicked tune this my heels are alight 
 ohhhh ohhh me ears are alight 
It really would! 
'Earth to Vincent, I'm with child'. 
Man like big shaq knows da ting off by heart obviously 
Selfie?! 
Agreed 
Savage... Ruthless... 
How ima smoke my blunt before Thanksgiving Dinner 
Absolutely phenomenal goalkeeping in the Sunderland v Millwall game today! 
dog who made this 
Instagram gets bloody 
Straight off the pitch into a 
Can you do a better Brummie accent than the stars of 
I hope not 
I don’t know. It’s one of my daughters 
I had 
 that wobble though 
A great first day at Unicef Baby Friendly Conference...inspiring, informative,fun...and a little bit of Pooh! 
I forgot to tell you what happened on the tube the other day with this man  while I was reading 
 baby led feeding can sometimes equal throw it on the floor 
Sound check Edinburgh ....I apologise for the singing 
I assisted the 
We've only just caught our breath! 
...and breathe 
61: The goals wont stop! 
Another fierce expensive prop Jason... 
 same time, same place tomorrow night?? 7-8pm 
Another new 
Over the next three nights we've got 
Me & my daughter cryin laughin love this show 
 with Lee Bowers at 
This is fantastic news for my sister buying for the first time near Cambridge! She was facing a horrendous amount of stamp duty, and now her responses are "NOOOO WAAAAYYYYYYYY" 
 you and 
Big big thanks to all who tuned in to 
I would like to make a gesture for all the support that ppl bring me about my art and send 18 Christmas cards signed. The first ones to reply here will be the first ones served! ^^
Give me your choice in your reply, don't fight 
 bitch is trending google 
Oops me and 
Costume game is so strong from 
And best costume goes to.....
Is it Friday yet? 
Never let these two back stage!!
amazing 
If you know, you know 
Antonio Conte has some of the BEST celebrations in the 
So 10 episodes in 
Watch this space 
Joel Embiid is a clown 
This guy DM’d my friend a picture of a couch, and then a rug, and then pots and pans, and then a whole bunch of furniture. My friend sent him a “?” and the dude was like “oh, don’t mind me...I’m just moving in to your DMs” 
Not sure if making new music or playing Tetris? 
Seriously tho spending the day at P&G headquarters & Lab with 
How I remade Slide 
When someone asks if we want decaf 
This made my day 
Oh I know, hince me getting up at 6am on a Sunday. LOL 
Plz RT this...!
my friend's twitter ID has been taken-over by Jay-Z TIDAL!!! 
The taxi driver has just said, they were just promoting your new album on 
Hahah! Correct! 
BEST 
Politics aside.   This thread might be the funniest thing on the internet.  
I'm so hype for the show I thought it was today.. it's Tomorrow 
Absolutely loving the 
Lol yup ya caught that 
Thanks apple memories for punching me in the heart this morning 
'She burns cereal!' - You can always rely on family to give away your secrets, right 
This should be interesting. 
Turns out I’m not the only parent who’s been on a quest to find a 
Oi!! Where’s our copy?? 
I took a picture of 
Omg. This is too good. Thank you for sharing. 
 so funny! Xx
big love to you! Xx
Cakes with quotes from my book on!! Thank you @charliesbakes for the thoughtful gesture. ‘What would Beyoncé do, you twat?’ is one of my faves!! 
Was just trying to watch your movie 
Went to 
For someone who jumps at pirates of the Caribbean... surprised I survived the 
Looks pretty dodgy to me 
This is SO every mum 
On a scale of 1-10, how perfect is this guide for the major 
Errrr Thanks kwicky... 
Don't tell 
I have trained him sooooooo well 
Year 9 and Mr Davies 
Yaaaaay 
I'm here at the 
There really is nothing quite like an 
Mugabe so old, man can't even read and it's so deep Mayweather actually got somebody else to laugh at 
"Who else was pissed when she got on the bed?!" 
Swear I must be the only fitness goer who HATES protein balls 
Accurate representation of today 
It seems that here in Somerset the toads have developed handles 
This must be a wind up 
Take him back please 
So so deserved Natty! You made it your own with the 
My 18th in 2006 to 2014 commonwealth games  have we changed much lol 
So a year ago today David luiz went for 30million, now Jonny Evans is worth that? What has happened to football 
Love that shelvey, that's why we don't miss you, haven't changed at all 
Chelsea man 
If you don’t know what a belt squat machine is by 
Well that was a strange one!! 
Anyone revising for medical exams. Please tag them! Gets some active myotome/dermatome revision 
Finally 
Such a gorgeous apron, problem is I save it for best as I don't like to get it dirty it's so beautiful! 
Well that's my evening sorted! 
Yesterday this happened, 
6 years on and i’m socialising with SILAS 
 She clearly has not read Guptaleaks before her appearance. Can I suggest the Eskom folder as a start... 
It’s amazing how the entire Board of Directors of Eskom turned out to be related to the Guptas by sheer coincidence, according to Lynne Brown! About that Brooklyn Bridge I am offering for sale....
This cracks me up everytime, only 40 seconds long - watch till the end! Hilarious! 
Thank you for inviting me...
He thought nobody could see 
Happy Birthday to ex-Gas midfield 
Happy Birthday to ex-Gas defender 
After accepting a dare by 
Looks like I should take up football predictions 2-2 
Lucky man .... shame 
Off for a little enduro riding today.. lift assisted of course 
He's good, but is he get his name and number tattooed on your back good? 
Just found myself getting excited because of a supermarket Black Friday deal. Washing powder half price. Get a grip Char 
"Back it up...reset." 
 at least I don’t need extra make up!
Oh Happy Day!! 
 Shout out to Mel!!!! 
Putting gas in the car in Florida and the TV on the pump says "You're watching Gas Station TV! A new and exciting experience every time you pump!" 
Proud self-moment:
I changed the copy of this right before and I’m so glad I spelled “Boujee” correctly 
Ram hunting 
(She's gonna kill us for the bangs pic...) 
That’s the dark Cease huh bro 
Same old Greg 
Shit like this lmk some white people cool af
Don’t Leave 
Lol 
Dawg 
 CRINEEE
No he didn't dress up as "Red" from Friday. 
Quite the nutmeg, 
Hopefully for his birthday 
Corey Kluber displays his characteristic range of emotions upon hearing he won the 
Exactly how I use to dress at McKeel 
A bet’s a bet 
 yea cage! 
Yooooo......I died when he thought he was still cutting his head when he moved away from it....
TFW you win the 
I told you I used to be blond! Here is the proof 
 brothers 
When u should just listen and not spk. 
Everybody birthday in November
Might have scored too early 
What wonderfully pompous drivel this is 
Crying 
roose mood rn
 On his highlights
Lmaooooo “You going to be a 70 on madden for that” 
Why he had to fck it up like this? 
I’m CRYIN!! Snoop really be the voice for all of us and how we feel 
A Mom & Daughter that slays together stays together! 
when the energy doesn’t lie
Arian Foster doesn't care who you are, he'll call you out even if you're his teammate 
Good morning beautiful people.. It's not all glitz and glamour in the professional ball holding world 
What’s happening here 
Drich funny dwagg
We Be Kickin It And Shit
Steph curry got dreads now
When that hot light on at 
RT if 
 like my brother and we never even talked i vibe to that boy and put people on him like he my real life brother 
Date night. Dinner of champions 
As you can see race car drivers and basketball players have a very small height difference
No better feeling then getting your car door finally open after locking your keys inside
 i said da same
So proud 
Well hopefully you guys say I'm your favorite driver since you get to win a hula hoop shirt 
Ight you got my guy Donovan bent though. He ain’t for none 
This is why you're the best, 
You don’t have to tell him twice 
He almost made it out the car 
Flashback to Xgames 2013. When U have a crew but no passes. But one in ur crew is like a hacker. 
When a blogger tries to get more followers by commenting without actually looking at a picture for a second. 
Today's vlog is seriously out of control... I can barely walk today
We really don't know how to act when we win. 
If football coaches were honest 
Oak park should win a few games with these guys: LOL 
wildin
Pt 2 Yall This Nigga 
Thank you speech pathologist ladies for teaching me I don't say the middle syllable in three syllable words I needed something new to worry about 
Pure comedy 
Steve Kerr's son Nick is a video intern for the Spurs.

Pop isn't taking any chances. 
NO DOUBT the women of 
It takes hella skills to get a win in "Flow Job" 
This cut would make flipping burgers so much better. 
Giving y'all a recap of how my Sunday is going..
Always hella jokes when our boy 
If Prince & Michael ever came to 
But who told 
Which move from "Eat That Ass Up" are you doing at the turnup? 
One of my favorite parts of the podcast with Jaylen Brown: Quick message to fans who think they can go 1-on-1 with NBA players 
Gotta love Boston Fans lol...nickname suggestions?? 
It’s rivalry week. 
“man’s not dumb. man’s not hot. man don’t get cold.” —big shaq 
my uber driver playing all Lil Herb & Lil Twan shit
He forgot he was at work 
 humble n RECKLEZZ, Recklezz n HUMBLE 
Look at them drumsticks
Sign of the year
True 
Yikes 
Nooooooooo Way 
I feel bad for the legs of anyone who hunts with me
When your husband discover 
Y’all.. look at this chic-fil-a rap video 
This would be 
We will never forget!
Had to repost this 
I  am cracking up!! 
I can always count on 
Tbf it was nice to be on the receiving end of the lapdance for once 
“Is there such a thing as cursive calligraphy?” No such thing as a stupid question right...right?
IM DEAD 
 wouldn’t want it any other way.
So EVERY single person or rapper who posts drug abuse publicly is crying for help? No exceptions?? NONE?? NONE are crying for attention or using it as a marketing tool? NONE?? NOT ONE??? Jesus 
Mr Sibley is enjoying the V.I.P table this week! I think he's scared the children away though 
Too good to not repost 
I've got a doctors appointment tomorrow morning I might just give him a heads up I'm gonna be front row for 
Corbin we are going to have a talk about what a alarm clock is. 6am is NOT 8am 
Chris Breezy with the dance moves 
My mood daily 
Thought I was killin it 
Having the time of her life 
My face
I’m aware I look 7 years old with my hair down 
who wants to see the fresh prince dafty slap 
Can’t stop watching 
I use to love the laker girls but now their moves and dances are starting to look like the Milwaukee bucks 
I’m in shape. A shape of a potato. 
My boy @yogibear337 Submitted his 
My boy yogibear337 Submitted his 
This my friend Yogi submitted his 
what does this have to do with me ??
And a word for the amazing 
So 
Joe's throwing a wobbly and Scarlett can't watch 
Not that good day but at least we got a Superman 
I have to say the impromptu comedy by 
Just add that balsamic vinegar 
Bit of balsamic glaze at least hun 
You have NO idea! 
Agreed! 
That deep inhale and exhale by 
Ahhhhh! 
so much PIVOT happening 
I want to crochet but all these YouTube tutorial videos go too fast 
Saturday nights in Glasgow producing yet again
...soooo... lets get it finished shall we 
Welcome to Bristol City Jose .... "pop in to the office for a drink after aye "  
During a chat with a match on 
It’s just my bottle...
A 
Thank you neighbors! We will keep you going through the week  
Arrived a bit early to the Scottish Parliament 
Looking forward to a 
Familiarising with other local businesses this morning at 
Our Dancing at Lughnasa set build has been approved by the lab testing 
Just been to see He Shoots! He Scores! by the one and only 
After the story about the Japanese rail company apologising for running their service seconds early, this excuse for our failure of a transport network is even more ridiculous! 
 > GCSEs.... If you know, you know 
My face when I realise I watched every episode of 
How is this a thing? 
When your Mum and Dad ask what another Beauty Bay parcel is doing at the front door 
We alllllllll know them 
Because we all went through those struggles 
When you finish buying your BB haul with up to 30% off 
“Debbie McGee your a lucky women” - 
Hands down, one of the best callers we've ever had! 
They advise to walk around 10,000!

We know what end of the spectrum we sit on! 
Lol, lol 
Good luck tonight 
Flashback to last years costume 
You know your in trouble when 
Brilliant 
This pic gets me EVERYTIME 
Haha, that was meant to say "disco set", not "I play a disco" 
. Quality 
Cracking day down at Cottesloe today. Some quality efforts at Stand up Paddle Boarding from the boys
IN TEARS 
That can't be a woman in the PNG shirt 
This looks class! Who do I need to write a poem to get some tickets?? 
When you don’t have kids but you’re already planning to dress them like 
Seriously over this miniature tv that's replaced my usual as it's off for repair!! Can't see shit, feel like I'm sat about thirty forty yard away!! Last paint job went well, as you can see I didn't take tv off when it was done 
Which Beatle has the biggest penis!? 
Wow! When you are on the 
Celtic have found out what happens when you take the lead against PSG 
This legend is in the premier league and got married...I don't even know how to write a cheque 
I can only imagine the sesh that 
Is Arsene Wenger in the jungle on the sly 
WINNER: Tweet of the day. 
AUSTIN TEXAS IM HERE AND I WANNA EAT MEXICAN FOOD N THEN HAVE A GOOD SHOW 
Getting ready for kickoff 
Has to be said - health & safety out the window, we loved a good aul open-top-bus in the 80’s & 90’s 
Imagine Jeff Mills banging it out live on a small boutique TR-09
Hey MTA got one thng right for once 
Man wveryone is up in arms over the four tet post why are all your panties in a bunch 
Rap snitches, telling all their business
Sit in the court and be their own star witness
Do you see the perpetrator? - Yeah, I'm right here 
 This is the reason why I use snapchat 
Sometimes being a good boy doesn't pay off so well... 
I can confirm that this is true 
Love playing at the same time as my dad 
He's just won in Shanghai but 
Walk by 
Girls go on one holiday and post “Take me back” for the next 5 years... the whole thing cost £200 JUST GO BACK 
Feel sorry for 
Just to clarify, Deano wasn’t physically watching me get out of bed today 
I know. 
Carb loading 
I love singing in the car with xeamyers 
Why does my mates company logo 
When you have to apologise to 
Hollywood is not sleeping! The 
Things I need: google for the brain, anti virus for my hearts and lots of photoshop for my face. 
Excerpt from Trump's first interview with 
can't help but lol at these baby ads playing before youtube vids of trap bangorz - having a baby has really spun my algorithms into dissarray 
LAUGH NOW FLY LATER 
At this rate neither team gonna win their bye week 
Your gonna have to stick a lot of quids in the swear jar for this one 
Overheard things in Dalston ...’I haven’t showered since Tuesday, I haven’t had time’ .... yo dude 
Currently grading the tallest infographic ever! My 
Oh, the expectation Vs reality 
Just finished editing one of our funniest videos to date!! 
Wee 8 year old sister said her teacher asked a kid in her class to take his jumper off and he replied 'neva hot' 
This is the best thing you will see this weekend... 
Howlin at they replies
I just got out-joked by 
So excited for my date night Saturday with 
...thanks? 
Hahahahaha this is great and why everyone loves 
When it’s picture day at school and you’re just a tad too excited about it. 
African protests in paris 
Excuse the bad hair (bangs) but we put this on the show today because I hosted w/ a guy I was getting autographs from in ‘03. 
Tried to knock the rust off the ole backflip at the senior float trip today. 

Key word: Tried. 
Bit late mate! Supported them longer than I’ve been fishing. 
Bet the night out after was fun wit those boys mate! 
What we saying 
Why lil dude snap like that 
Bears fan is livid when they trade up for Trubisky 
I think 
Wii sports bowling be like 
his is the best video i have ever seen 
Bill Self 
BroncoCountry and players maybe WE need a turnover chain!
Not everyone is jumping off the bandwagon. Jackson said he is ride or die. Broncos get your swag back and let’s dance on the Bengals Ass!!!!
The good ole days 
Used to hate playing y'all fr  
team 147 was living 
lol foreal tho.. nobody ever expected y'all to be in the game, then u look up n y'all have made like 10 3's in the first quarter
This was Team 147 back in the day
For you, 
For the LOSER who says don't be juicing 
I know y’all gonna get tired of us talking about yesterday but we don’t care 
Btw, this stuff is for a special Thanksgiving edition Hoop Collective pod we’re releasing tomorrow - which totally explains why we’ve decorated with pics of 
From 
Help the young bull out! 
Bruh wtf put Timehop back on my phone 
Never thought we'd see the day where Zim holds a Selfie Stick, but here we are...


Duck head 
WHO DID THIS 
If ever I’m having a bad day I’m going to get spray tan with 
Mood every day after work 
Best dunk ever 
just ate a W 
Halloween is over but I'm still a prisoner here 
I'm just going to state the obvious. Not all superheroes wear capes. Some work with cameras and bass. 
When you see it... 
Partner WODS can take many forms.
Trombones, juggling, kittens, miming with beer, & making fun of my boots (they’re Steve Madden, not Uggs) - it was a phenomenal evening of absurdity Thank you 
Sorry brother that one is on me 
Which type of BAE are you?? 
Glad to see the boys enjoying Maui! 
During a TV timeout, "Get Low" played in the stadium and some players were really feelin' it 
 sup Benny blanco from da Bronx! 
When bingo pays your bills 
Caught a body after someone pissed him off
Snap's song lyrics though!?!? 
Kyra White is a clown 
Big Shaq is out here making political change in Zimbabwe 
Ref must Ref in the hood on the weekends 
I would have such a weird tan line.
"DID YOU THANK THE DOCTOR FOR BRINGING YOU INTO THIS WORLD?" 

Lavar Ball is PURE comedy! 
chill 
I'm actually crying. This is perfect. 
Via @jeremypotvin_
Did someone say “cookie” 
Great game with 
I can watch Madea Plays and Movies All Day 
if this ain't true 
Sometimes beach photoshoots aren't all glam--pretty sure something weird brushed up against my… 
Do I miss being in show shape and shredded? Nah, not really. 
I gave em away after the game brudda
Bro cutting up back there
Want to apologize to everyone for last week and make sure our stadium is pack this weekend and yes I
It definitely feels like Christmas in the office this week, thanks to 
Job done! Tickets bought for 
Jeremy Corbyn describing how to make coddled eggs 
His car is worth how much?!?! 
Who said site-planning isn't glamorous? Here we are, snapping a selfie, mid prep for Spring's 
What a fantastic Christmas present for the snorer in your life. 
Working basketball camp(6 hours) plus working at pluckers(6 hours) equals super sore, tired me
whhen U get to the show at the time described on the Facebook event 
We think it’s going to be a hard winter but this may be a little overkill  
Jeez 
 Craig Pollock was definitely the winner of 'best technique' in the Limbo 
 classic
Yep. Absolutely no idea what has happened here..... 
Why is there no picture of Zlatan Ibrahimovic on the wall at Manchester United? 

Just wait for his answer. 
We are getting there! Out with the old, in with the older! 
 I think it is safe to say the 
Yep called Breadcrumbs... supposedly the birds love it 
we actually look sober in this photo 
The Uk summer lasted as long as Louie’s ice lolly 
I’m having such a relaxing holiday at the minute... 
Yep I’ve got a sex swing in my house 
She said what... 
 cheers Logan! Thank you for being such a great team 
Hey Tony... who ate all the pies?!
Mr Enderby v Mr Robinson. 
Mr Price v Ms Merrick. 
Mr Thomas v Mr Robinson. 
We need to arrange a Christmas movie tweet up where our followers chose the best via a poll..... maybe bring that hamper too 
I have watched it every year and will do so for as long a possible (my kids hate it as it’s old 
Kitty accidentally pressed the turbo button 
Sterling though - good entertainment value 
Steph hit the super-floater and KD was hyped 
If my 
Y’all… my mom just sent me this. 
 attn: 
The ruthless son of a ...... 
My favorite is this the activist who said she had a dream two weeks ago that she stepped on Mugabe’s head 
Minimal Movement today, lack of attention of my child's whereabouts and I will be constantly turning a blind eye to her naughty behaviour 
Nikki may not be pregnant, but that doesn’t mean she can’t try out the toys! 
Turns out 
Boys who jump from girl to girl literally make me crease
How can people hide shit
Ew makes me feel sick seeing that
Was literally so happy to see my brother out last night
Becky-‘what fish is it from?’
Ant-‘he was called Tom’

I’m crying 
Hoping to do a bookish photo a day in December. Each featuring a Christmassy book I've loved or hoping to read. Now, let's hope I stick to it 
Yes, more funny business! 
We all look so miserable here but we had a great time! 
Before and during taking the tram up to the very top of the Gateway Arch in St. Louis. Why did I think that was a good idea when I'm afraid of heights?? 
 to this amazing Alan Rickman impression by 
Noooooooooooo 
8-0 and still 15mins left... this is ridiculous 
 bro even your mother knows thats false 
 “Here is your concrete cube. We don’t care if you like it. It is functional enough for your purposes. Get over yourselves.”
That glitter is never coming off !! 
Trump was like "IT WAS ME, IT WAS ME ALL ALONG!" 
A Starbucks of Pearls and Sunlight


Someone once told me a story about being in an English hotel and ringing down to reception to complain her drawers were missing. 
Y’all play too much 
We can ALL relate to this!! Can I get an amen?! 
Think she does too 
I’ve met a few snakes in my time so think I’d be fine 
Amir Khan will be doing every single trail now, Pathetic!! 
Some one who has just had the jolly rancher? 
When crack den is life 
 I think I may have liked Maggie and Brooks a little too much 
Gidgit in 4hrs time
This is just amazing!
The Chuckle Brother's biggest fans 
Side note: anyone else as excited as I am to eat their weight in green bean casserole mashed potatoes and gravy stuffing and pie? 
Loki’s expression after I told him it was possible for me to steal the heat from the fireplace...and that I was currently doing just that 
Perfect! 
100% of the time 
Practicing my CGI skills 
Honestly if my computer really DOES watch me through the camera, Apple just saw my ass rapping 
PUTTIN' ON THE RIIIITZZZZZZZ 
I had no idea Jigsaw was a frat boy haha 
This movie literally just keeps getting better and better. I barely know what’s going on but it’s so much fun and WEIRD AF 
I squirrel just half way crawled into my lap in Madison Square Park
Very cool to get an exclusive look at 
...*sigh* 
Soon 
This Everton ball boy has trolled us all 
If we beat Costa Rica i want a kiss,obviously on the cheek, from the UK Queen.
The ballboy will be a legend tomorrow at school. Show and tell will be going off! 
Pretty cool morning being a chocolate ice cream in the 
Was this one of yours 
1st time I'm going up to 
Succinct. 
No kidding! You look so funny tho, those pants 
So perfect! A Chrome browser extension that converts Trumps tweets to kids font 
This photo has cracked me up 
Crying at 
Love you bruh bruh 
Perfect show 
Me in 2040 embarrassing the shit out my kids 
Who are they?? Not a clue 
Come to the 1st 
Gotta love London today in the sunshine .. on London Bridge .. there's a bride and groom then further down a bag piper 
Shout out to all the rockets fans.. 
Why i know where this is. These nigga got THE BEST TACOS EVER 
 unfortunately not.
Guys .... 
What the hell did we look like ? 
Just after narrowly escaping the claws of 
 ‘s dance moves last night on Children In Need had me in stitches
a swear that’s Michael McIntyre 
Yessss cotton sis for the jail tradeeeeeeeee! 
OMG... So I finally had a chance to see the new Will and Grace!  So funny... Binge watching... and I'm loving the fact that Jack is a Grandpa!!! 
So Happy! Came home after a miserable day to a lovely parcel, i now have 3 beautiful Jenna dolls made by the brilliant 
Whole outfit 
 did not disappoint. Cheeks hurt from laughter. “And she’s a horse!” 
fetch 
In our 
Haha, how very smart you lot look. Just don't get so pissed you cannot play some golf. 
Your in proper trouble if 
Check out these Crazy cats 
We don't know what this is...but our love for it just won't quit 
Our membership executive Theo has not been at his desk much lately. These hidden cameras have caught him red-handed 
I’m hoping ‘Angel of the Morph’ will be in the audience tonight! Maybe for a duet! 
"I’m really excited to be able to be in Hawaii -- especially getting to play in the Tournament of Champions. I’ll be able to be in shorts and my friends will be back at home wearing winter clothes!”

Fair point, Austin 
THIS GUY
Casual Friday train banter 
I wanted to wave to the #95, and thought 
The xmas trolling continues!! Here’s ma pal 
| Our headliner 
Some laugh Ma man 
Have you ever seen such a confused 
Thank you Kelly and 
Who hit that shot! 
 my lord
Irish fans cheering people buying Victoria's Secret in Denmark today... 
Good luck to all the boys the next 2 weeks playing 
 would be a £50 note if he could pick the right team
A fun season 
When you have to wait a full week for another FCA big group meeting...but then you realize it's actually only 5 days away 
Slowest player sponge has ever worked for
3 under thru 6 ... 3over thru 7               Don't make 11's on a par 5 it hurts the scorecard  
I was told I could find my golf game at the end of the rainbow 
 some man!!
I got you Bro... My sculptures are pretty limited though  ...mainly turning trees into logs... but they’re popular where I come from 
You've come a long way bro. Proud of you! 
"When I won the British Open, I filled the claret jug with chocolate ice cream and ate it." -John Daly 
Well... THAT was fun 
When media asked for an interview ... you make sure to use the word “lit” in your sentence to show em’ you ain’t no rookie 
Loved bumping into one sober 
30 In 2 hours, down a corridor with an induction hob 
Nothing questionable about it... I was wearing that when he was still making 3's 
No Custard Pie this time... 
I guess my name is GUEST this week... 
Here is the full 
Phil asked this youngster a question.

And got an honest answer. 
No problem it was my pleasure! She will grow into it 
Brilliant from the Panama ball boy. He did what he had to do 
Throwback to this amazing piece of footage from Cheltenham....
Love Steven Gerard's reaction in the 
Guess it runs in the family 
You get your shoes back from floyd 
Unfortunately couldn't make it, But thank you 
I’m a Day late, but better late than never right 
This is everything 
 there's a silly Fijian on ur snapchat
 And my first job as PM is to declare a 
We just don't want you ending up in London by accident.
See you again soon. 
  is popping off 
You should start mentally reharsing too 
PART 2 it worked 
This is a more accurate reflection of me when I first wake up 
Clippy up in my DMs 
Cassie is getting too smart 
 Ruairi & the 
We meant business this morning 
"Would anyone in the audience like to confront their fear of spiders?" Cue everyone looking down avoiding 
Mark O Callaghan going in on goal!! Great save 
 I'm jk though y'all it was funny though
Another stupid Newpaper article however I think the person that wrote it has needed her roots doing more than me before 
 must single handedly drive up the price of petrol with the amount of fuel he burns up I'd say 
Bold Buddy can't handle the stress of budget season! 
Talk about stitching someone up 
For everyone searching...We have it!!!
Hi Kath we saw the big man this afternoon going down the A1 on a motorbike I kid you not we did a double take 
THIS IS AMAZING! And my most favourite ingredient there is 125g of Fresh Sweat right from Grandad's vest!!! 
HILARIOUS!!! 
This is the best video I have ever seen 
Thanks for the hook up 
US navy has no sense of humour clearly... 
When ‘being cute’ is just exhausting... 
Ha ha, me too love... 
How much do I love 
Being a 
Absolutely LOVE Vive Le informatics. 
Waiting to see who puts the pineapple in their transport bag 
Great morning down at 
my friend went up to a girl at a bar and said “i’m a 7, i think you’re a 7, so we already have an immediate connection” — he said she was pissed bc she said she was a 10. somehow, someway he thought that was a good pick up line! hahahaha 
The UK media guy my who shoved his tongue down my throat during what I thought was a work meeting is criticising HW on Twitter 
 still found time to take a 
 delivered promise of diff perspectives. 
I wanted to flip this car over so bad 
Like playing a sexist Stanley Parable 
"Why the tech world loves bullsh*t metrics" 
This is incredibly exciting! Happy to have consulted on this fine editing by 
I couldn’t help myself! This sweatshirt is classic... had to represent 
No more business for Singapore's "Summon Aunties." 
And finally thanks to all the volunteers, the teams who took part and our celebs who were very good at looking at the 
The special feature has just inspired Quote of the Day in the office too: "I once got a vol au vent stuck to my foot at a disco." 
Well that was different! What a legend 
Totally obsessed with 
When you come home later than you said you would 
Even the cameraman was excited for 
'I see dead parsnips..' Another brilliant advert from Aldi UK and the adventures of Kevin 
“He showed me his eel” is that a euphonism.? 
Not sure what's funnier: this video or the fact the URL looks like the word porridge. I'll let you decide 
Scotland 
Fishing just a bit different 
SO DUM RT 
Being scared is human 
Game Over  
I am the championnnnnn myyyyy friennnnndddddd 
Now everyone tweet 
Niggaz mad I don’t wanna be their friend 
Oh you mad.......... You BIG mad (*Plies voice) 
I love this picture of 
 she ain't looking too pretty
Hahahaha 
"They've got Hodge keeping with one glove, and Gunston in slips demanding a bowl. It's anarchy." 

Keep it together, Hawks! 
Mega week skiing in zermat in Switzerland. Even though it got a bit nippy at times 
Pilot and driver 
13 years ago!! Look all those muscles!! 
We have trained him well 
they killed this 
What fun this was with these 3 guys 
Colours to be revealed....you get the picture 
Someone's a bit stuck and blocking the exit..... 
A fine line of wanting to get properly stuck in and also keeping my job...... 
Same could be said for his season in 
Massive thanks to all the MP’s 
Please help 
Never looked as happy 
When the community (e.g. the pigeon) try to reach out to 
This is so true.... great edit 
 looking forward to playing against you for years my man. Fun times
We found the real life Beavis and Butthead! 
Can't more than agree with 
Patrice Evra really does love this game...even on a Monday morning 
Update: It's from 1985—the same age as me! I didn't think to check the seal before 
It still amazes us how we ever lived with out our bottling and labeling machine. Dead are the days of doing it one by one 
Spotted the 
He's definitely leaving the series if he's speaking to you lot 
Long time since I laughed as much as I did with these guys.. We survived and I had to have my Instastorys "signed off." 
Everyone can stop panicking 
About today's recce 
 Like you needed a reason to stay in and play video games all day 
Bruh did you really just tag the police? 
She’s gonna kill me for this when she wakes up 
Get signed up guys. The fact that little old me won the previous scholarship shows that it's a fair and committed competition 
Right, first up, 
Good luck to everyone who’s taking part in 
He’s my favourite 
I think this is the best tweet I’ve ever seen ... and 
Budge up 
We are ready...but is Aviemore ready? 
Hmm I need to do this 
Proud to have played my 25th cap. Still some to go to get to the 133 caps of this legend 
shout out to 
The face you put when you find out you're officially a magpie! 
What the fuck is going on 
Cesc Fabregas finally admits he threw a pizza at Sir Alex Ferguson 
 he got the night king
Jeeeesus 
The more times you watch it the funnier it gets 
 you make sure you get there early! 
Our room cleaner 
Lils is so excited with her girls school football team kit she's only the same number as her idol !! (Think she begged the poor teacher 
Mbappe just made the "world's best left back" look like a mug 
Apparently 263 pages long now. This sort of obsession is why Hibs will always be the citys wee team, regardless of performances on the pitch. 

Wee fans with a wee team mentality 
Sometimes you're just safer sayin nothing! 
Haha ffs. Somebody should be sacked for that 
He ended up in A&E as well cause it burnt his leg 
My mate was driving home from his Aunt’s house today with a big pot of spaghetti bolognese. It didn’t go well 
Hahaa fuckin hell 
Aye literally you are when you return to work Tuesday 
Couldn't agree more. Great show with lots of laughs 
When you forget you're frying plantain 
Proud to unveil these two beauties with  
Omg, there is absolutely no hope for 
Yay -Can't wait for the Christmas one 
What a pic 
Never ever ever 
Toff will be able to taste dick for days now like... 
Rebekah saying 'think of the boys' when toff has a schlong hanging out her mouth?!! Inappropriate 
I am so proud of these lasses right now... Absolute weapons!! GO ON GIRLS!!!! This is rank... But there is nothing stopping them! I feel guilty as I sit here sipping my camomile tea and popping my almonds in my gob! 
Myself & my family are in the background of your pic! Lol 
Toff got off lightly there... Beck had to eat a full bowl of dirty auld egg... Toff only did 1 measly worm! 
Jesus Christ... Watching Rebekah do this is making me gag!!! But she smashed that- she is one tough cookie but is it just me who thinks she's a bit too sassy with ant and Dec?!! 
He's makes my life.... 
Lol... THANKYOU gorgeous! God I miss it 
You dick head... 
... What an ironic user name... Literally the least 'fun' feed I have ever seen 
Place to be in Brentwood man... And stop it you!! You've only gone and bloody told him you like it!! 
If you ain't sure of the exact lyrics, don't get the tattoo innit. 

Back to reality today... Emptied the dishwasher, took out the rubbish, emptied the fridge (of cake and beer) and restocked it (with broccoli and blueberries), trip to 
Aye I’m pretty a big deal in Wellingborough, sold out sharpish! 
Are you ready to win tickets to the Jack & The Beanstalk? OH YES YOU ARE! 
Ya see what happens when we work together! 
That’s how you smash an interview 
Thanks but I could never! 
Mum I know you read my tweets to see where I am if I haven’t called yet, please could I have this for Christmas?!  I know it will be 
This is basically me right now 
why settle for being a bath rubber duck when you can roam the oceans? 
I’m a tank 
mangled 
Feels a bit like ‘I’m RELATED to a celebrity get me out of here!’ 
At Twickenham watching england win! My boys both score in a 7-0 luton win! Just waiting on the hammers and toon to make it a proper carling day!!! 
Well done to Sunderland, you say 6 in a row. How about 20 in a row without a win at home. Only team in English history I believe


On OUR balcony!! 
Who would still like to see me vs my oldest rival 
Why is it all old men love waking round with their todgers out in the gym changing rooms 
brilliant
Any 30 something's on here remember Gazza's Soccer School on a Sunday morning ? Was a must watch. Helped me perfect the Cruyff turn post Italia 90 
LMFAO 
Yeah, because 'underdogs' (
10 players on our way 
'Kids Vs Art: Wired Open Day' PODCAST SERIES ONLINE

I HART 
Is this the attire for tomorrow’s show 
I'm done 
Ahh the memories of that thing!! 
If you’re interested in learning about Giraffes, wearing squash outfits and Michael Caine impressions, this is the podcast for you. 
I think I’m 
When you're not sure why you're at work when you should be catching up with 
When you're trying to pay attention but keep thinking about what happened in 
When it's Saturday night and you're ready to par-tay. On your sofa. With ice cream. 
Oliver our scriptwriter has given up his day job to become an Aircraft Marshall! Congratulations on your new position! 
*snigger* 
So last night got a little crazy.... 
Yes Professor X! 
It might be a bit cold when it arrives 
I need to invent something to stop me inventing silly ideas 
Big win tonight! Well done my roomy 
    delighted to score my first goal for Cardiff today. What a tackle 
Hink me ears hanging off 
I don't think I have ever been as shocked as I was that day
 your are a maniac!
2017 Grand Slam of Darts Champion....but when you gotta go, you gotta go! 
Cheer Paul! 
Why did I just celebrate like a nutter in a public library 
Hey, LouLou, Chels.... I've taken delivery of your two brand new 
Buzzing !! Great win 2-0 win tonight , scored another header 
I'm dead 
Sorry Jeff 
Winter schedule tonight and possibly some new label IG story previews if i have enough to drink 
I bought my smores microwave cakes yesterday, and ate one as soon as I got in 
I grew up in Leitrim, bath pearls were so elusive that whenever someone gave me some in a gift set I kept them so long that they eventually withered and died. Used to keep them in a cup and smell them every so often 
The moment you set your notification sound as the lads saying 'Doomdah' & it goes off quite a lot... 
Dad: Haven't you had enough of that now?!
Mum: Don't worry it's just a fad it'll change in a few days
Me: Sorry but 
Was just signing a couple books for friends at my gym, and a stranger walks past and says, “Have you read Chop Wood? It’s so good!” 


Nothing will humble you quicker. 
Quite possibly be best tweet I've read in q very long time. 
 Do they deliver in the UK? In an ideal world that service would really exist.
Love the new “Green” lawn mower 
This is amazing. Need a mince pie with it 
Alien Facehugger made from chicken and crab by 
Mike puts up with a lot. 
Retweeted Pin Gin (
That's the Xmas beer sorted!! 
Had to get the wife to pick one 
Mrs said that she wanted to experience some culture in 
 thank you for your free WiFi!! 
When over 2000 adorable British accents are passionately singing your most profane song. 
Why are the audience more dressed up than the islanders 
Olivia's sister and mum 
Not hating lool but Kylie Jenner is about 95% plastic so why is anyone surprised her wax figure looks so natural and like her 
 It’s still early ... 
In case you were wondering... we never get it on the first take. 
Bet he wishes he just boxed kell brook now instead of screaming like a big Jessie 
I ho ho hope you had a lovey Tuesday 
Super Nintendo Chalmers 
Great day out 
Nearly 2 years later and this is still going mad 
Morning miles in wth the brother 
Morning run with the brother 
In the quarter finals!! Congrats to my guy 
Trying to save money 
Rio Ferdinand's new training regime...  
Pretty sure they stole our logo...
The freedom of Deptford will be granted to the first person to spot a black cab here 
Trimming read for xmas!!
The police horse at the Madrid derby on Saturday had fun... 
I’ve been blogging again! Did you see this morning’s post? This time, I’m trying to be helpful, rather than just rant at you … 
Celtic 
For anyone trying to get me out of retirement after 4 years, I won’t play for less than £100 a week 
NYC scaffolding expert Klay Thompson, everyone 
Also bye social life I've never grown up 
Found some good advice on one of the desks at my university lecture! 
 not an option? 
 mugs
Done you there like
Celtic the whipping boys of Europe 
Might as well just give Toff the crown right now 
Tweet of the night for me 
Keep your business plans to yourself before someone come through and take your business. 
'The jungle better watch out there's a new king in town and it's amir king khan' 
Yep 6 points more would put you 5th from bottom.....
Stop what you're doing, the best football clip you'll see today is here... 
no way man 
There’s hell on on Talksport this morning- Joey Barton is upsetting everyone 
Everyone’s asking me where the motives are on snap but I don’t even know where the shop is 
Lol the only time you’d find me screaming and jumping is when Tion wayne is playing on my life 
ChrisSutton gets wiped out by Stephen Craigan live on BT Sport! 
’s 
   Today's podcost was a big lesson and uni I want to they throught I was ghetto because I was black and from London . I use to just laugh and carry one with what I came fro. 
 yeah I think you did the best thing tbh let them be idiots
Everyone's reaction to B Moni's rant at the end looool how's Wale taking a knee 
 I still remember the "Grime Files Vol 1" tape, congratulations  
Virtual drifting vs. Real life drifting with 
Best thing I've seen for a while 'We out played ingles...' 
Are Student Loan having me on? 
 I'm dead, this show is going to be the craziest of them all, big up 
Been listening to 
this was deffo much funnier than I expected 
This show is jooooke
This is actually jokes 
Nahh 
Not only the meat was x-tra large
 I'll make sure I will 
bro I hate wearing crep that everyone else has 
Greenkeepers Revenge 
A mini-bus full of Man City fans got stuck in Brighton yesterday  
Four years on and Wayne Rooney is still pissing these two City fans off.


Hold Up! Amir Kahn said he is scared of spiders and heights and he has never watched the show!
 cinematography is unreal! Each frame is a phenomenal. It’s provided me with enough screensavers for the next 10 years 
Don't know why I'm sticking my tounge out 
Great idea for 
He's smooth af 
People who laugh so hard at their own jokes that they cant even finish the joke because they’re laughing so hard are my favorite kind of people 
SOOOOOOOOOOOO funny 
Well, Peter is the best. Will be one hell of a Slovakian party tonight. 
Don't get a wrong impression by this picture... I'm looking more forward to theses races than you think. 
Survived my first 18 holes back since surgery...well barely 
Meh, he’s average. 
I'll just leave this right here.  
On the one hand: meh, elections ¯\_(ツ)_/¯

On the other: seeing this transphobic sack of shit continue to get owned and butthurt after losing to a trans woman truly gives me life 
When the creatives get a little too in sync. Khaki and chevrons, couldn't have matched this well if we tried 
This woman's reaction to driving for the first time has made my entire week 
Who did this 
Lol don’t do this when I’m high 
Lol you pretty know damn well that shit shoots to 1% like nothing 
Can I say that's my best sketching 
y’all made my dADS DAY 
Who remember during childhood when you thought the moon use to follow you everywhere you go at night.

If you remember this, Sorry that's when your stupidity started.
So last night, 
Oh goodness
Organising my new bookshelf, so OF COURSE there's a shelf just for Darren Shan books 
Someone gotta do one of those “new year new me” memes “leaving the negativity and heartache behind” 
Came across this video on YouTube and you are now officially my new favourite. Your humour had me in stitches 
I fully almost cried on FaceTime because I get to see my two longest friends today and it didn't hit me how much I missed them 
At first I was like WTF?! same as the audience and then cracked up because you can hear all the male adults' childhoods shattering 
Thanks so much! This is so sweet! Sorry about your cracked phone
So I made a fan group for 
Recent trip to Asia was amazing. I got to try this on in South Korea. I think I’ll walk out with this on next time. 
I'm coming back on the 
A true pragmatist if not a connoisseur 
There's not a single Tongan flag in the whole of Auckland so out comes the laau su'isu'i. Tell me the Samoans aren't happy for the Tongans one more time 
World Rugby: "How about a Pacific rugby team made of Samoa, Fiji & Tonga?"

Samoa PM: "Get back to us when the All Blacks & Wallabies ever decide to put a team together & call it the All Whites." LMFAO 
Jumped the gun on changing my picture and then received more thanks to 
Also the crowd is amazing for cheering for us. I know that tomorrow it'll be the otger way around but still 
Harry Kane has gone from "goal scoring crisis." to "too good for spurs." in the space of a fortnight. 

Gotta love our press. 
First time doing an interview on TV today! View the segment here which aired on City TV Winnipeg: 
Because everybody knows that the only reason I travel is so I can have a good excuse to eat out everyday 
So guys, 2 hours before I leave for 1 month of travelling here is what my luggage currently looks like. When will I learn... 
3 Stages of Curiosity 
A genuine thanks to all those who have supported 
Splits, limbo, impersonations and lots of 
Best dressed racket re-gripper ever? 
Trying to change the lights in our 
We now have 
Haha this is too good 
New video! - Gaming with a Lightsaber! 
“Sorry! I keep doing oohs and ahhs.” 
This little girl cut her own hair because it was "too extra." 
TBH, this is pretty much any day.  
Got a package this morning - 
Pumped full of cold meds, codeine, mucinex, tea and Fisherman’s Friends. I may not remember tonight but I’ll sound awesome in my head! 
Called it. 
I'm dying 
I CRIED WHEN HE HIT DAT "SUUUWOOO" AT THE END 
 on the road so far this season? 
This kid been waiting for this moment his whole life 
There is so much going on in this video 
Randy Orton is me when I have kids 
Mbappe bday present from the PSG boys 
This is the best video you will see all day 
Footage of a man hiding from 
Shares a lot of similarities with his mother eh 
Check me out bro... finally got that 
Phil Kessel's Goal -- Celine Dion "My Heart Will Go On" Remix 
All of the Golden Knights recently joined in on the NHL tradition of playing some pregame soccer. 
 I'll buy a copy
Taylor only sold 200k 2nd week. Adele would never 
Lol...I was at a different  conference today. Pop by my desk I have some things for you 
Who made this? 
Caught between Allah and a departing Train, what is a good Muslim supposed to do? 

Pray or Panic 
Our Final Newbie this week is 
MANS NOT HOT TORONTO VERSION
I need people that ride for me like 
 poor pup! 
Just today: 

Liberal 
Spinal Tap audio under Trump is 
Doing it for The Hub 
Why you don’t follow me back on ig den ?
I needed 45 copies of this to put in my safe deposit box
This geeza brings the fun 
Ceiling **** predictive text 
1 uppercut, Celine job 
This is odd even for you 
My search history is actually 
Basically. My day today 
T R U T H.

....loved you when I was 14. 
Love you at 30. 
Got in some games today at the gym. Had a blast had to throw in a few more fakes cause these guys are quick. Mid range was on point. Now if only I could wear some basketball shoes. I’m disrespecting the game hooping in cross trainers 
Thought it was just me 
Yes! And I have to stop myself from adding emojis. They’ve seriously infected my mind. 
Thanks Shanghai for the very early morning welcome! 
 spot on!
Easter 'Jesus game' at sister's called 'The Father, the Son and the Holy Spirit' race. 
This is actually the funniest thing I've heard since they where born 
Dunno whats going on. Next it will be hair bobbles and jojo clips 
They're all just chatting and laughing and poor Toff is flipping twitching covered in bugs 
Pop 
Loooool i dunno why i find this so funny
 perfection 
Taught 
So this was my 83 year old grandmas response to me telling her she looked good... 
Wow! No wonder I'm exhausted today! 
Breaking: Current under-achiever / Twitter warrior, still entirely irrelevant. 
MEME OF THE MONTH!!!
It's Funny how pictures blow these days 
Yes, we already called Soludo, when he endorsed Obiano. Remember this won't be his first time to go for Governor. Obi-Obiano-Soludo...in the end, Anambra will eventually shut out thugs, suspicious 'business men', TANNED philanthropists, all the United Bank for Africa(H)s, etc
If - Davido (Ogene Version)

Tag your Igbo friends & make their day 
He’s so good 
Am tom tom with the fresh
You okes are bad!!
You Know Ur favorite Artist needs a Chill Pill when ______? 
Have sold 260 million album !!!!!!! 
When you talk back to your momma and she snatch you up 
Amebo james
The part were 
My hot co-star who can switch from butty to pako in 5 seconds. 
Was great seeing you guys and happy to hear you guys joining the 1000 families a month movement to CPT from PTA
Feck Bro 
You know I had to do the most Lool nah I’m too grateful 
I just wanna know why some white people feel the need to do the absolute most in photos when they're around black people. We just be wanting to take normal pictures and y'all are out here looking dumb as hell
Olamide sure knows how to 
 to 2001 and my first day of school 
I know it's not a Thursday but here's a throwback for you anyway 
This football 
I can’t with them 
According to Micho, Gabuza created his own game plan and placed himself in a different position
$ sudo service daemon stop 
Beyond excited to play Tara Iti golf club in NZ. How many sleeps Dad ? 
He's beautiful and right on ! 
Proposing to your one in the 3in1 
Nowhere Fast, loving it. 
There were laughs and a wee tear at Paddington 2 last night ! Thank you 
Peter Kay to Ryan Tubridy: "I can see the fear in your eyes" 
I have mixed emojis.
When I run outta toilet paper I’m savage af. I’ll wipe my ass with anything. One time I used the brown toilet paper roll 
Omm that shit was too funny 
At Hibs our board and owner had same plans, we fought against it hard. We totally modernised Easter Road and remained as the soul of the community. We know have the biggest and best stadium in town. On time on budget no fuss 
Go watch 
Here is my "L" for saying the top 3 jordan was ComplexCon only. im about 2342356475 and 1 on giving sneaker drop info so its a big deal i guess.

now can we move on lol 
What locations will have these and are they first come first serve 
Go watch that new video ! 
MOM GETS DOWN TO 
Who wants me to start a twitch? Also what exactly is it
This My Nintendo interactive is awesome! 
 plenty of these guys 
Gie this a watch man ye'll no regret it
Executed to perfection. 
Awright shagger 
Lol i wouldn’t say i get pressed but I’m deff not happy about It. On the bright side that helps me decipher which women i need to cut out of my life 
These jonts are crazy comfortable... finesse mode will be activated at work 
Shannon Sharpe 
I think I love Monsieur Macron 
 ladies 
What we programmers say vs what we mean 
Only trick-or-treaters who can identify the IR spectrum on my pumpkin will get sweets! 
Too soon 
Who does 
Everyone wearing a fire helmet participated in IAFF’s Fire Ops 101. 
OMG. This thread. It is so much more than a meme 
Brooklyn nine-nine is so funny 
When you learn your housemate has finished his thesis and you can hang out again 
All the way in the stands 
Trash
Teams will be going all out to win this yrs hurling league 
Retweeted KIRO 7 Brooke (
 what you be teaching these guys man 
Thanks for all the new followers...I guess I can actually like say things now
"You got a handwarmer and it's 80 degrees..."

"And you got three pairs of socks on..."

"Bro chill I'm in my bag
Honestly, this is what TV was invented for. I dare you to watch this and not giggle your little heads off 
This is very funny 
Yup, 
When you teach GT kids sometimes things like this happen... We did a lesson on rubber ducks & ocean currents. This student not only taped up duck accessories on my wall today, but also named every duck. This is days after the activity by the way. 
Kevin Durant was not feeling this Peyton Manning joke AT ALL 
This is everything. 
Hilarious - which I came up with that! 
"You're going to fucking jail Greg" 
I found this funny 
Dangerously close to 1,400 followers.

I'll ask the same thing I always do...what the hell is wrong with you people? 
Screaming at people making comments about Nina’s outfit in our backstage picks that only one pussy will be grabbing back because they think Gaga’s the only cis girl there and that me and Jamie are men 
Time for eats and Coco! (...the Disney movie, not the drag queen lol. We’ve already confuse a few people with that 
Pat Maroon’s kid gives great interviews just like his dad! 
Cameraman has a meltdown when bus blocks Georgia Dome implosion 
Maybe I'm tired but, So funny! 
This is the best 
They grow up so fast! 
Never a dull moment on 
These Pokemon NPCs always remind me of Sigma from ZTD - they’re even doing the same hand movement 
My pokemon usum came with a code for 12 quick balls but i redeemed it and got 50 potions 
John Gosden is such a sweetheart 
Any token that can’t be described in four words isn’t worth buying 
Wind swept, rain lashed, huge 4G pitch, Flexi league 
QUALITY: Lee Sharpe's story of Sir Alex Ferguson after Eric Cantona's red card vs Crystal Palace. 
Seems legit. 
Told 
My brother took this picture of someone tagging up the Netflix headquarter sign 
Thread. 
Livan Hernandez, Filthy Backdoor Curveball. 
This definitely is not true.
Dr. Huff with our cinnamon rolls this morning 
this woman’s husband is a mix of ricky richardo and ricky martin 
Just heard a player yell "fuckin shit" after getting a flag on 
Can we call this a 
Now that MLive is writing about me, perhaps my Beaverton relatives will think I did something cool now? 
 all together now...
@ChrissyW56 here's wishing you a run like we just had 
Who said Holy Wood is asleep!! Guys are ever ready. Meet a 2019 movie "ROBERT The Mugabe Story"
We cannot get enough of that giggle at 0:06 
I really thought the man was finna do a trick 
Well that escalated quickly 
I taught my niece how to say okay, the right way..... she took it and ran with it. She’s three, still. Btw. 
The nicknames of your 
Makes me not want to eat eggs again 
Lmao 
 now u know! 
Having fun before practice 
! You going down dude! You & ur insults won't work. She left that dirty tissue on his desk! 
"Least likely to ever hear, 'That's so weird, I'm 
Please show them how it's REALLY done 
Let em knowww zay 
Left footed, take on's, tackles, key passes, assists, retains possession, puts in a shift and covers miles, gets into the box and scores goals, shoots from distance, indirect set piece threat.. Can play at LM, AM, CM, DM probably LB.. yet someone says Joel Obi isn't important. 
Need a theme song? 
Exactly 
My doctor is Gorgeous.... lol like so hot.... in fact I
Yes yes yes! 
Breaking news: IKEA re-names this child-eating chair the 
Proof that this place is legendary 
Another boring day at the office 
Just realised I'm seeing 
Always 7 
My reaction to being on public transport 
Ready for Thursday madness at The Bird In Hand Leek but rocking my custom made glasses due to my bad eye 
looooolll the most inept perv ever 
Chance the Rapper did a hockey skit on SNL, this is hilarious. 
"Lions, they don't recover like humans."

"We're doing the lions thing again, yeah?"


Still finding it weird seeing my face on there 
It’s Christmas come early for ‘Extensive Product Tester’ Fran! 
When the quiz is that busy that you have to bring out the emergency chairs!! 
Rocking the original iPhone wallpaper 
GO BIG LEXI!  
 When 
The funniest video on the internet right now 
 Best CSS discovery yet since flex-box (what else have I missed?)  ->
Mambo no .... FIVE... muchhh more fitting ... 
When you try your first Stone Island jumper on... 
Kevin De Bruyne was not ready for this rabona penalty 
When your centre-back plays too much FIFA 
How to open a beer. Dani Alves style. 
Fabregas: "football is fucking unbelievable" 
chill out I'm cute
We all know the feeling 
Harden called CP3 a “midget” and CP3 came back by knocking Harden for not getting 50 
Too much savage arguments in one scene 
I’m convinced Mariah Carey has ruined Christmas. Alli want for Christmas is for her to shut the fuck up 
I have successfully messaged all my friends with the monkey filter. My life is complete 
Last one I promise 
I am dying 
New video on the way. Its too funny 
Those are my kinda people!! Constant fear whenever I’m down to the last 20 toilet rolls!! 
Time well spent! 
but hold up y'all my mom made it on the news!! Your 23 years of raising me just paid off again, she's lowkey hype
I'm with it, let me start working on my swing. I need some help...
this how we workin on our chemistry this year 
Playing something soft and atmospheric on the piano. Willow comes and sits next to me and farts 
When Jeff Corwin sends you an invite to 
Further proof I work with all men..... I chopped 9 inches off my hair today. Not a single person has noticed 
Xmas tree I bought fit so tightly in my sedan that I’m all the way up pressed against the steering wheel driving 
I look quite demure, but actually a bit of wee came out having 
These kids nailed their Halloween costumes! 
Good work, whoever came up with this... 
Having fun doing some workshopping and filming with 
Have you seen a skin-head run past with a mobile phone? 
 I've been winning at everything channel 5 has aired since its inception then. 
 Noted 
Went to see Hansel&Gretel by 
With no fixed abode 
This was me today 
Found my true calling 
Quite Funny? 
Fab night, fabulous hangover too 
I've been called some things before but....
 oh pal!!!! When in doubt....do a back flip! 
This has made my morning. So funny 
 the last one!
When you’re so excited that 
Don’t ever leave your phone unattended in 
If you order now, we'll also throw in a set of steak knives! 
YOU KNOW WHO ARE YOU 
Angles are everything! 
: Luke Marlow was at his poetic best calling the win of Rhymes at Wyong today 
Get around it! Profits going to 
If there was a contest for best comment, think I found it 
How good is this 
That’s why it’s £12 for an upgrade you cretin
Congratulations to Man United, who have just trumped Celtic for most embarrassing defeat of the night 
Fair to say Qarabag's spelling was slightly off for the Chelsea squad in tonight's official match programme 
What a return to action from Faugheen the machine! With his old jumping quirk for good measure 
Send him home! Looks like he's getting carried away with his one pint after work 
Best video idea ever?! 
My wife- it’s too bad racing isn’t like the boardwalk where you can trade in two 2nd place prizes for a 1st place prize 
Do u ever wonder what your parents would be like on Instagram/snapchat if they were our age now?
This pool player's interview on Sky Sports 
Found this pic of 
Such as...??? 
 may be useful for ya 
Another 4-19, when will he leave the shackles off lads 
Strong arm robbery seen today at Georgia Southern. 
LOL!!!! That's a good one bra!! 
Why do people argue on your social media page....then @ you the whole time ?!?! Please don't @ me, I'm not getting involved in that 
Very thankful for my firstborn on this fine Thanksgiving eve! 
Charlie Weis shares the text he sent to Tom Brady DURING today's game vs the Raiders 
The TB Times never disappoints (Tom Brady/ IG) 
Finally!!!!!! 
Get em
 you ain’t the only one trust me !!!
 never seen this !!!
 the group Taylor brought out was MKTO 
So fun catching up with my Sydney roomie 
Not gon lie.. this dumb live 
I say Georgia-Florida 
She says Florida-Georgia 
The stakes are high 
Our 7ft center lhass94 rode a camel at the Creation Museum today
Tonight?! We were reunited this morning for shootaround! Don't miss that pregame conversation 
Two cheetahs and a barfing pumpkin...Happy Halloween! 
i have so many good tunes where people dont label the files at all so i have no idea who made them 
Anybody wanna bring me a backwood 
shoot yo shot...u MIGHT not miss!! 
I gotta move Hattiesburg to much 
Hold up i see to many subtweets...@ me so i know it’s real!! 
girl fuck you 
This shit got me dying bra 
man these boys done made my night 
Man I’m dying 
Breaking News: The Aaron Hernandez Homo award goes to THE NEW YORK METS for playing with dildos instead of winning 
Me, walking thru Harlem on the way to my bday bash on the 25th 
Let em know Mike! 
Damn!!!!!!! 
 flow lol 
Awwww you copy cat 
 so we showing out now huh 
Lesson learned 
If you have 2 mins, check out this awesome piece the 
This should be fun 
Social media shows u who ain't used to money. 
That’s why I hate being so popular 
Now I get da reason why 
twitter with these 280 characters got it looking like facebook statuses on here 
ahm ded 
Seeing these tweets made my night 
Congratulations Genuine on your latest offer! (This is the look I always get
 pause
LeBron to big for that 
Now I know we ALL relate 
I feel like this is the only church I'll need this weekend. 
 looking all types of edible tonight! 
Yup that selfie ain't happening 
all the talent at 
damn.. you actually look like Tom
Our MC today at 
 happy Birthday From your parents 
My mf dawg!!!! 
fill in the blanks 
 but seriously why are u like This? 
Niggas on the other side hating Reece, tables turned bruh 
Interviewer: Mr. President ,when are you bidding the people of Zimbabwe farewell?

Uncle Bob: Where are they going


Call it a chicken parliament... 
FOR SURE
I'm telling you
Don’t start that now lol 
Y’all Lebron haters funny! He ain’t budge from them weak behind shoves 
Guy at 
Me jumping to conclusions 
Happy 18th birthday to my guy 
 I don’t think this is me
 Happy evening my friends, serenity to all
Y’all females must love to have my name in y’all mouth 
what you doing?? 
It was a pleasure catching up with 
Monday morning pastor press conference 
This is terrific 
Anyone got a good caption for this? I got nothing
7 years ago this homie was born...happy birthday my son
A LITTLE road rage 
Out here tryna be a fake model and what not 
The fucking irony 
Too good to not retweet 
Y’all know that we’re the *unofficial* Maxine Waters street team, right? 
Always Knock Before Entering
There's money at the end of the tunnel! 
"But don't wait for the J train because it doesn't exist." 
 visiting 
Winner of the 
 Dying today with Jeff’s dog discussion!  M/F, What’s the difference?  One lifts its leg and one squats. 
Heavy machinery used 
 almost there 
When your shoe comes off in kickbal!! 
2017 Career Day 
Mess around and imma catch a body!! (dej loaf voice)
Yea jordann 
Just had to google "Who Hates 
Uncle AND his friends?! 
1, 2, 3 say “Treason” 
Three bros walk into the shop, ask me a ton of questions about Heathers and Carrie, and then stand in the musical theatre section in awe. 
Ian Bagg, making miracles happen one show at a time 
That time I ran into Clayton again since highschool 
Good one Murtaugh. 
Time to go prancercising! 
Self taping be like....
Howling watching You and Mumma on 
 you are creasing me up tonight on 
So bad when all you think of when you buy new clothes is "Can't wait to get a photo in that" 
Pray for them!
lol at today. Reality bitches threatened by me. Don't say a word in person. That says everything. Move over bish. 
 omg them bootcut jeans can’t breathe 
Always nice to see a few familiar faces 
Of course it’s a silly question - it never rains at Erskine 
Wall disrespected Whiteside 
Keys and phone in the fridge can only mean one thing....the boss is back!!!! 
They could have waited till my hair grow back
 had such a great night watching you at the Forum! Face is hurting from laughing so much 
Seen in crowd: Young Clemson fan with a double sided poster that says No one gives a HOO"][" about Temple and other side featuring "I have school tomorrow HELP" 
A Clemson fan just yelled at the ref what's the call and he said "foul" and the Clemson guy yelled back thank you 
That 2-0 feeling 
When 2k starts lagging 
I hope my imitation didn't scare you 
Carmelo got ejected on a play where he scored and 1 
 Me too!!  If you find them get me one too!
So y'all just going to withhold these pictures from me huh? 
How many steps in a euro, Harden? 
This kid is a legend. 
Know your worth fellas...
The Sixers play “White Iverson” after TJ McConnell scores 
I love this!! 
It's going to be a *devine* night 
Thought T.R. Was Carl Weathers from “Predator” for a min 
 soo goofy 
I wanted to talk to 
We finally found an opponent Deontay Wilder (
Good Vibes In Training 
Speaking at the 
Brillant shot from 
So 
No Sunday footy so Singapore races it is! Any decent mail around? Im hopeless 
Do Fukrey! 
Looking forward to this! Got a fun + super nerdy + retro demo planned... I’ve just got to build it... 
Gn guys ..an addition to 
Too much 
Would like to see 
George Bailey 
It's 2 am and I m still awake ..
Don't blame love all the time ..It just i slept in the afternoon 
Super!!! 
 cast asked me to show all my love (& cavities) for 
Hi hi hi 
When I accepted the award for someone else from another style icon. Surprise of the night! 
Look what I found ! A pic of me and my first love .... my first car ever !!! 
"Superadians"
There so many now im too confuse whom to tag. 
Hahaha! This guy... 
When 2 rupees people make claims worth 10 crores! 
 
Awesomee dp bro 
I have reached here One only because of 
Arrrre itni heavy baat... hahaha.. bhai bas bas... 
Thank you so much brother.. Baat vaise kuch jyada hi bol di 
Oye that chaiwallah is a lie. And Modi had done zilch to promote tea. 
Walking out with leftovers tomorrow
I am going to try this one thing I have not tried in the last couple of years: An afternoon nap! Wish me luck 
 sup Benny blanco from da Bronx! 
Here's 2... (or 3 
Yup, 
Maybe so 
This episode is reality and idealism crashing into one.
In tarot cards this is "the lovers"
Either intergrade or let one go lol 
In our 
 at least I don’t need extra make up!
When someone says "we're out of wine" 
Awkward! 
Another corker last night on planet 
I open this huge box and then my face floats out of it! 
I'm here at the 
You've heard the rumours....we can confirm IT'S (not) TRUE! The first celebrity contestant for 2017 is Geoffrey! 
However you come up with your password.. make it  a good one 
 love it good luck 
"I just noticed that DJ to your left - has he been there all week?"
"Yeh, he's playing some sick beats"

Got to love 
I need some practice 
Just about to go live with Imogen Sellers on 
It's been a great 
We love what you’ve done here 
Tonight's Celebrity Juice Halloween special has got me in stitches 
This tash tho 
The apprentice is in charge of catching the dust. 
Big Duncan Ferguson doesn’t piss about 
Thought I had tuned into 
"The best bovine acting ever" Could only be for our 
The ridiculous commentary of Pro Evolution 2! 
After eating the hottest chilli in the world, I’m now recovering 
Yaaaaay 
Errrr Thanks kwicky... 
'Stay classy' 
Great clip from 8 out of 10 cats does countdown of 
When we were VERY young 
You are the perfect student. Long let it continue. I guarantee you’ll be sick of hearing me talk in just a few days let alone months... 
Did Toff just say “dick on a stick”?!?!? 
I have a great one thanks! 
Amir was hyperactive and misbehaved as a kid? No, surely not! 
"If you can eat your own placenta, you can eat anything"


Dude is incredible 
Can you do a better Brummie accent than the stars of 
Thank you bro for being the ultimate JUDGE OF CREDIBILITY FOR THE WHOLE WORLD 
Some how bro I will try 2 just keep pushing forward. Because my life wont b worth anything until I earn that respect from u again bro 
If WE do I am sure I would win a ring there too bro
Sound check Edinburgh ....I apologise for the singing 
 Watch 
Can Angela and Birgit have their own spin off? 
Terrible view 
Quality 
Addicted to a League of their own, brilliant 
After The Two Ronnies created the parody 'Status Who', Francis & Rick couldn't stop accidentally singing 'Fond Of Her'  
Not if she didn’t have any idea what the answer was??! 
Yeah I would definitely buy some merch as well & his and everyone supporting my pages means the world, thank u for following just need merch now 
Just how good is 
Great pic from yesterday’s 
It’ll be an even better show on Saturday 
She screenshot her 
Who did this 
The replies on this thread are absolutely brilliant 
We left them alone for 5 mins
What you need to know about the Pew Global Attitudes Survey: 
1) Sample size: 2,464 
2) Conducted in Delhi and 16 of the 18 most populous states, Kerala and Assam excluded 
3) Conducted between Feb 21 & Mar 10, 2017 
crime? 
Us?!?!  Never! 
Nice to see 
Hockey buddies 
Frank throwing out the first pitch at the Cubs game is amazing 
This is amazing 
Can I enjoy my moment please? 
 he shouldn't do that 
This will make you feel better about your Monday 
Crazy that the kid is a hoop star now when we was just in fifth grade and he was a lame 
Just in case you need a laugh 
Find someone who’s as happy to see you as 
Meek really stuck the landing 
WHO DID THIS 
This is incredible 
Dear 
Young fan swats J.J Watt's pass and does his signature finger wag 
Just for fun! Our movie is: Dawn of the Rainbow Witches  
The moment you’ve all been waiting for, the 
If you ain’t making a mess you ain’t living! Go hard or go home bitchesss 
Which Beatle has the biggest penis!? 
Do people forget how old they are regularly? Is that a thing 
some people are so stupid thinking that she actually means it costs he same as a house. it’s an expression ffs 
Poor 
Taking over for 
So, about last night 
fanning on the good times 
I’m not saying you won’t have a Happy Thanksgiving without this but... 
Wait for it 
Shout out to everyone running The Queenstown Marathon on Saturday! May your motivation be strong and your trainers comfy 
Pete is test-flying 
“You’re really pushing your luck today.” 
Tag someone who's day could be saved by Wuntu! 
The truth 
OK, that's it for me for today. See you all tomorrow. If you want to know more about me, check out 
Went for the healthy choice of cake for dessert 
PET PROBLEMS!!!!! 
Snickers knows my exact mood when I’m "Hangry" 
I meant spag Bol 
Been there....done that 
What even is this 
Nigel Owens 'If you're going to cheat then cheat fair' 
My maw getting excited cause 
Thanks! 
 a beverage is intended to quench your thirst. when you’re thirsty, you don’t automatically think to drink soup loll 
We landed a fish!!! Well 
Must see: Nick Saban opens press conference with his disdain for worn-out jeans... then cracks himself up 
Tuesday after a long weekend...and you're stilllllll fishing 
How much??
"When your dead asleep but your song comes on" 
according to our comments, this is only because of the refs
I wouldn’t go that far 
Wait for it. 
Did you get your tix? If you're like my friends, then probably not. second date anyone? 
Who’s Manns?! 
I am dying 
This is amazing, 
In Kaza's defence, Coach Stack did follow this up by saying it was "good defence, but better offence"...over and over and over again 
This is amazing. What song will it lip sync next?!
 looking forward to playing against you for years my man. Fun times
Soooooo.... just checked tonight's box scores... Cuz was angry back in Sac huh?!?! 
A quick update on another Chuck prediction... 


What did KG actually say to 
RT if you get it 
Cassie is getting too smart 
I use to love the laker girls but now their moves and dances are starting to look like the Milwaukee bucks 
I’m in shape. A shape of a potato. 
Top Wing 
 cute 
This was my last scene. Strange one to end on 
Me: I love coffee! 
My friend: I hate coffee!
Me:


When you thought you have seen them all.. Boom a Xhosa girl with tattoo of credit card 
"I wish I could get into a room with people who don't like me and ask them what's the problem" - 
 yhoo mara 
You can tell by looking 
Its actually baby Nomi  (short for nomination) not Naomi


Interviewer: Mr. President ,when are you bidding the people of Zimbabwe farewell?

Uncle Bob: Where are they going


My boy Why are you Killing me Kodwa 
Well, our thoughts exactly… 
A winning solution to Page 3 from 
My first ever television booking. Whooo. It's been a rough ride
Leave! You're too much 
After being homeless for 2 years 
I now very much regret not going to the North London derby. 
Cheques in the post mate 
43 get it right 
Just need the OAP fit again eh 
This Saturday myself and top man 
Happy to get the 3 points tonight thought it was exactly what we deserved...and happy to finally get my first 2 goals for 
Congrats on the debut 
SPOTTED: Man vs Poncho at 
 I used to be a size 30 you know
 king Thierry 
Surprised it wasn’t 
When you can't get enough of 
Apparently EVERYONE plays bingo on holiday 
I've been back in London for 24 hours and I've already had to scream 'cunt' at someone out the window of my car. 
 “12,000 upvotes!?!? WOW" 
“Why are people always screaming at me?!”
"Stop talking into the TOP of my head!!"
What are your best captions?
Ashley Young to Dele Alli: “When you win the Prem, let me know.” 
Fuck sake Dad! 
Double the Giggles, Double the Grins, Double the Trouble with the Townsend Twins 
 fav actor AND musician both get outed as sex fiends in a fortnight
This made my day 
“I once made McDavid ice the puck” 
When you're too scared to go on the big flume, so convince your mate to go on the gentle river ride with you instead. 
When you almost put a condom in your brew. 
Good to see that floor tape still going 
Loving our new press shots 
I've got a doctors appointment tomorrow morning I might just give him a heads up I'm gonna be front row for 
Great night tonight proving once again that I'm shit at golf but excellent at drinking cocktails 
I hate the Internet man 
TFW you stream the 
This monkey was really throwing hands 
The best Dog video you'll ever watch 
Poor Otago. Score 500 in 1st innings. Had 150 run lead before 2nd innings....And about to lose 
Looks like Someone has left poor Fly in a bit of a pit!! 
 chunky monkey! 
Clocks go back this weekend!! 
Extra hour in bed...... unless you have small children or a farmer! 
Sooooo true!!! 
Frankly I'm in a state of 
Which 
Good Crazy with my Bro 
Stanley is our spirit animal. Sleeping while everyone else works out 
Don’t worry babe, it’s got a lovely balsamic glaze 
When Amir receives his meal ticket... 
Great night at 
North London is red. 
ACT III OMGGGG I WAS DEFINITELY IN THERE DOIN THE WILLIE BOUNCE
"DID YOU THANK THE DOCTOR FOR BRINGING YOU INTO THIS WORLD?" 

Lavar Ball is PURE comedy! 
chill 
skip to 10 seconds 
he did all that just to get called oomf lmaooooo this is why men talk shit about us
That’s they way of shooting they shot 
Bruh I'm weak 
Shannon sharpe shot his shot and was successful salute 
LMFAO we must protect Jalen Ramsey at all costs
That's different 
i'm never leaving twitter 
It’s wrestling season .. which means we gonna see a whole bunch of refs doin this 
This is the best video i have ever seen 
This shit had me crying for 10 min now 
Greatest two minutes twenty seconds of my life 
No doubt this spot will be another WINNER!!! All the best to you guys! I'll send you the Bill for larger set of clothes I'll need to buy after eating at your spots! 
Guy at 
My conscience is forcing me to share Miege's recruitment of my son:

5'6" 135lb 8th grader out of St Elizabeth & Christ The King

"Secretly" meets coach at Open House

Coach: what position do u play?
Son: RB
Coach: (looks son up & down) Well, we throw the ball here!

Sold! 
A bet’s a bet 
Waka Flocka Thought The Sign Language Interpreter Was Dancing 
I gave 
Isn't it funny when your laugh makes someone else laugh vice versa and y'all just keep laughing?
Ram hunting 
And that is why my Noles will forever be the best. The U who smh trash 
Got them skills frm the last 5 secs of counting in hide and go seek. 
My ex-fiancé proposed to his new gf the day of my title fight. Looks like we both got hardware that night lol. Congratulations to the happy couple! I'm also blocked so he'll never see this 
Y’all.. look at this chic-fil-a rap video 
Lmaooo I’m crying at the cut block
I'm dead lol 
Don't tell Stedman about 
How did 
Great to see Bellator giving credit where credit is due , Free Bjorn Rebney bobble heads for all the fans this weekend 
The homie said it’s vegan cheese made from almond cream 
This made ditch digging much easier 
An inkers point of view. Right behind first class. 
Watch until the end, Ben Carson is priceless 
Educated the kids on Queen and The Cure tonight! Our son now wants to be Freddie Mercury for Halloween..

I’d like to call it a success! 
Aye good shit tonight at Gonzaga g. Like I went to my brother's concert 
Just a normal day on the job for 
It's always interesting when these two work together. 
IN TEARS 
I’m CRYIN!! Snoop really be the voice for all of us and how we feel 
Date night. Dinner of champions 
This track has been an on repeat fav from the old days when it was called Mahnhole 
Need to get prepped for the next month of videos, I'm expecting to put together some good content (for once 
Just because 
 cute!
 just 
A+ touchdown celebration from the CFL. 
If my 
This is “Luna” the side-eyed pinecone turkey(?) made by my creative 4 y.o. “I’m not mad Roem. I’m disappointed.” 
Before Snapchat and Instagram was around, this is where you showed off your shoes/outfit. Never forget where you came from 
My 1st time on a billboard...this finna be a breeze 
I just stumbled up on a trk I told 
Wow people are getting way to butt hurt on COD tonight 
You know England are shite when a plane landing in the net gets the biggest cheer 
Seconds before he got coined 
First training session since holiday tonight. Feels like pre season all over again 
Rush hour bro sorry!
Want to go again??
Our 2nd favorite S.Point 
Might have check this pooch’s duffle bag for performance enhancing treats. 
Worked all night and sent the love to 
I didn’t ask for these powers! 
I mean Pro Bro has got some big shoes to fill after having me on 
Big win tonight! Well done my roomy 
Had a great time at the 
Jay AJAYI got ROASTED on the sidelines after his 71 yard run for getting caught 
Picked out of the crowd to play rocket league on the 
Lol this is perfect 
If you didn’t catch me on my other show 
Always interesting seeing the comments on this sort of thing 
We've looked better 
Here is a picture of the Sky Wars tournament I played in yesterday.. predictably I came stone dead last 
Also this was the first event I've done since starting the evo series. It's really cool to meet fans who are enjoying it so much they ask me for more info on upcoming videos. Today's will be particularly good even if it is demonetised 
My topiary is on tilt! 
Chance the Rapper the best hockey reporter 
I thought that was Desiigner in the first pic 
Shut up and take my money 
It’s rivalry week. 
... (as well as getting to see the race!!), coming back the Monday after. Fly to Azerbaijan Tuesday to film a video with Daniel Ricciardo, coming back Thursday.... AND THEN fly to Italy again the next Monday to present a livestream with Kimi Raikkonen.

I love my job 
LOL thanks to the fam who clipped my victory though. I don't think I've ever looked so happy while beating something in game before 
From stream last night.. Only one thing makes me THIS happy.......... Food 
Two weeks til LA. Everyone's surprised I'm coming back so soon-- I personally feel like I can't get back there soon enough 
wtf is this? 
LOOOLLL 
Your teabagging and taunts are not sick if, you do it whilst man is stunned and then finish the combo... 

If you’re a REAL G! Stun man and go fullscreen and taunt. Let them out of stun if you’re bad!


I CANT BREATHE 
Boi as if it wasn’t difficult af already for foreigners on this game with magnums, now they make it BR starts thats 10x worse for us
 That's the fundamental problem with online usernames these days. I don't go by "Chopin" anymore
The state of this 
I'm dead 
First for 
Dead tired and my day is only halfway over 
Yo Dallas is where it’s at. Can’t wait for the squad to be here. 
Yo this 
Now that’s a cookie cake! 
I'm a heist fan and Lucky Logan made my day. Not gonna lie I had a little trouble understanding some of the southern accent though 
When u look through old photos from an art trick museum and realise Mona Lisa went full Trump on u 
Finally got these babies up after almost 7 years 
Just won a 
Surely enjoyed this today;))) yes, it was me;)))
@grodiehomegirl lol you're pretty sweet yourself 
The joys of being a shortarse, having to stand on a chair to be literally equal at work 
Very thankful for my firstborn on this fine Thanksgiving eve! 
Watch these adorable little kids try sour candy for the first time and laugh forever 
When you send 
Watch as Colleen takes her Curler Confessions into the grocery store. 
Eugene testing out the flying turtle. 
If only you knew! 
Our MD 
artist george condo created multiple paintings for the 
that should still be the album cover 
Ha..!  
Another day another hotel....and I'm not sure who St Anthony is but I'm staying in his suite! Was he the patron saint of pine furniture? 
This is not a strong look....
Staying at a very cool 'hip' hotel tonight 
Yep... casually young man got some flavor.  Reub is looking pretty sharp there in blue 
On my way! Looking forward to dazzling you all with data! 
Need to be around peeps that understand my “current” sense of humor.  I’m definitely different these days 
Who would of thought he was going to end up on the wall 
Whenever I feel sad I'm just going to watch this on a loop 
If it wasn't for being at a table with my family I would've walked out at this point but TBF the chef cooked me a nice mixed veg stir-fry (though it still makes me laugh that people think vegans only eat plates of vegetables). 
Best Stories, ever 
Random night shift encounters! Has anyone lost a flamingo? 
First question my dad asks when he picks me up "so did you pull? That's the main thing!" 
Name and shame an animal that would dare to even attempt this 
My bad! I don’t like losing!!! 
Lol nah trump wilding. Bro this is the president. 
50% off main meals AND a free bonfire night themed cocktail all weekend at Frankie's........ Boom! Literally Booooooooom! 
lol gabe been beatin ass since rpb dayss
 come through then
This nigga Rich the Kid’s interviews be funny as hell 
 so fresh and so clean lol went krazy 
Look what I have... Want it?? Just follow me and retweet. I will pick a winner a week today and send it to them! Just in time for an Xmas present 
Ffs 
a swear that’s Michael McIntyre 
I still can’t get over how Harvey Dent didn’t recognize the Joker until he took off his mask. 
Don't forget tonight that Wales are playing Panama in a World Cup warm up match... for Panama. 
No Palm trees for me 
The Irish outside a Victoria's Secret shop in Copenhagen....classic!!! 
YES YOUNG KING SING IT MY G!!!! 
I just realized that while I was still loopy from wisdom teeth removal this morning I ordered one of 
What a trio 
All star weekend definitely gonna be food chain for a lot of outta towners 
See yer Da called into the radio this morning saying minimum pricing is the "SNP courting the gay vote" 
 I Spoke Wit Big Rod A Few Nights Ago & Lol 
Whilst we had the guys here, we thought we'd set them the easiest challenge of lifting that they've possibly ever had to do - the Tiga Sub4 
I Wish You Could Build A Bitch 
Need tips on what to say in your interview? 
What a picture. 
Dame Judi Dench rapping with 
I'm sure I added to the sweaty, shirtless 
Biting your lip and tensing your mouths just not to laugh in prime ministers face 
On Jupiter Artland's Christmas Fair: "There will also be choirs, Santa, elves and even Jupiter Donkeys – festive af." Think we've found our new Christmas tagline. Thanks 
The taxi driver has just said, they were just promoting your new album on 
Awesome show 
Another excellent but WARM tap class with the ever brilliant 
Some people just know what to say . To make me go easy on them 
Guys going on about poppies and Britain's sacrifice during WWII, then heading over to join fascists and white nationalists for a knees up.

It's really quite funny when you think about it. It's as if it was all for nothing. 
When I was 24 you lot was calling me 38 we exaggerate a lot in England don’t we 
GOOOOD MORNING!!

Live pon di radio, talking missing my flight to Morocco, Gassing the locals, and not properly planning my trip to Manchester for 
Lyon was great! The security nearly kicked us out for smokin weed so we started smoking under table 
Some of the oldies are the best, although in this case we're not so sure! Here's another terrible joke from Brutus and Alfie to perk up your Monday! ^..^ 
Don't need nothing in return, do it for the love -Dont come around me being selfish

 finger crossed they listen to you 
I thought this should be shared.
I don't even know who this guy is anymore lol. Officially name dropping on my linked in account
Too much? 
"The average Common Market official - he has the organising ability of the Italians, the flexibility of the Germans and the modesty of the French. And that's topped up by the imagination of the Belgians, the generosity of the Dutch and the intelligence of the Irish." 
Waiting for my 
On Wednesdays, we TAKE CLASS!
I really thought the man was finna do a trick 
I don’t know why this has me DYING 
On FaceTime with 
literally my life 
“Impressed” Catcha bubble on this tune and let me know how it goes. 
'Tis the season to go shopping with 
The Eagles have zero respect for everyone and they’re making that known.
When biggie threw a water bottle at dj kap LMFAOOOO 
My studio where I recorded my new single, Row the Body. All black everything as usual. Do you think it’s monochrome enough? 
Since I didn’t tour on either ‘Hours Spent Loving You’ or ‘The Everlasting Wave’
I’ll be touring on those two AND 
Backstage at the EMAs. ISSA boyband ting! ISSA Nigerian trench coat ting 
My brothers friends sending me snapchats of them ripping my bong in my room while im gone 
OHHH MYYY GAAAAHD 
me, claire & harajuku look like we about to hit up some bomb ass sale at the mall. 
This date is still better than half the dates we've been on 
 this is you, im even imagining the face you pull when you put them in 
Tbh I'm watching 
 your Instagram story is to much 
Due to music copyrights This vid got taken down but not giving up 
Ah ha ha!!!! And the best part it’s all caught on tape. 
Well I think that's me 
So I've come on twitter quickly to see my timeline full of Theo getting Roasted 
First off.. that's a oxtail. And I'm only here for the comments 
Another classic interview by 
Another great result for Mystic Merson, the twat's twat. Sadly, the lads couldn't hold on to really rub his face in it. But, next week...
Let's do this Bogota 
Thank you for the long fun night Santiago Chilè . We can't wait to come back 
This might break the internet 
Haha we can take him to tipsy tiger 
Its the vi or emacs, but for microservices 
I really hate when people also say “El Paso is a small city” but in reality it’s like the 16th biggest “city” in the United States 
Oh shit 
I can’t breathe... 
 Shout out to Mel!!!! 
2 in a row 
Take. My. Money. 
My brother had to wait for me, so he drew all over my whiteboard. I don't want to clear it anymore 
A fun season 
Like father, like son 
So excited for next weeks sick note already. Rupert Grint and 
Ah, bless 'em 
Yes! New trailer tomorrow for the sequel to the only good Fantastic Four movie! 
When you can’t figure which assist to use 
The way I’ve woken up with all this energy makes me think to myself when 5 comes I’m going straight back to bed 
PROTECT DESIIGNER AT ALL COSTS. Gotta Love the energy! 
Y’all remember when we were so shook the first time she sang it like this 
The accuracy 
The team at Rhode Island CC this weekend. Good times. 
Haha. I don’t fully understand this pic. But I love the Red Ranger chicken! 
"I call [cars] radio hostage machines." - 
Thread. 
"Half Way" Episode 4 - SHIT & RUN 
Never seen this steve, the one i know is thick 
Can barely see her, but Rita is on the thumb.
We really got to know 
What a better way to shake up your 
Celebrating our 
Fourthly, it isn't "just confetti and stickers"? For both candles and the room spray you would already pay that price if it had the name Yankee Candle on it. But now that it's a Youtuber, it's ridiculous? Oh okay then. 
How many Champions can you fit in a bathroom in the morning? 
 Red Carpet Confessionals... We've all pulled a 
Please look at 
 love it!! I tuned in for the 2nd dance party bec it was addictive. Would love to go to a place where you're spinning! (Not cycling)
 literally, the speakers are always blasting your music 
I told him, "well, i bet he's good with being called both" 
He said, "yeahh i bet you're right". Dude had no clue. 
Tell me you get lonely           
Made a new friend on the way home tonight! 
Cold day...Football...Homemade Vegetable Beef Soup. Yes, that’s two back to back posts about food! 
This happened spontaneously and made us laugh all night! 
Too good to not repost 
Hanging at Google 
It was such a nice day to get beating by @efrances03 
 pulling an 
Current Simo at Zim
Broooo what 
Blair Walsh is gonna do his thing no matter what team he's on. 
BREAKING: Giants host a parade after beating the Chiefs. 
BREAKING: Chiefs unveil new logo after losing to the lowly Giants. 
Find out what 
What episode of Stranger Things is this?! 
Unless she starts to look like us paul, I believe these food pics are all for show.
That’s not awesome 
'i'm not ready for kids' im crying 
JAMIE FOXX'S OPERA VERSION OF BITCH BETTER HAVE MY MONEY IS THE BEST THING EVER 
Well if Doc gets thrown out tonight, you know why. 
OU stays at #4. 
I feel so powerful having this gif before other people 
The GIF has arrived. 
"Hope not" 
 and Producer tommy need some milk to chase the spicyness of the pepper sauce!!! Will literally save your tongues. 
This is amazzzzing! There’s our running back! This made the day, Kim! 
Just a regular toss from my buddy 
Why he had to fck it up like this? 
Coming to you *live* from the New Orleans today. I’m ready.  
This Ferg storyline has me like 
Hands down my favorite SNL skit ever lol and the 90s music video theme was on point 
I haven't changed 
You know it's going to be a long day when you're already tired of talking at 5:30 AM 
I finally made it to 
Know your worth fellas...
The Crawford huskies are natural models. Link in Bio 
Had the pleasure to pass rush against him. Let’s just say my Madden moves didn’t go as planned 
“ Pops, I ain’t never ever seen you talk like this “ 
Oh you a freak freak huh ? 
Walking up to 
Guess what? T1D's can eat candy! 
Aaron Judge's 51st home run of the year earns him a dugout interview from his 
There's nothing that stops the Phanatic from watching the 
Anyone in 
*stuttered 
Locker room after games 
Forreal tho 
King cosa 
You know how when you're laying down and you drop your phone on your face ... I just did it to Alexandra 
Although he gets on base a lot - like a WHOLE LOT - feel like we’ve seen this from 
Here's one to help commemorate 
I guess I lost my mind... 
Never travel anywhere with 
Nothing will humble you quicker. 
Remember when Raven got turned into a bunny? 
The front nose shove though 
 Neil Feeny is the brightest person on campus and goes out of his way to make everyone laugh 
Currently grading the tallest infographic ever! My 
That wasn’t the first time someone commented that tonight 
I love the humor here 
When you try on a dress and it’s just not quite right... 
Cats are so mysterious 
 I honestly think I could have closer my eyes and had a better kick than that! 
Say what?! I am going now 
BRILLIANT: 10-year-old 
The Naughty Khans! 
The cost of the parking space of Buhari's private jet when he was on his sick leave could have solved Nigeria's power problem
Nigeria is national conglomerate.....everything jaga jaga
Mortuary for Nigeria is like credit transfer joint in Ghana 
Nigeria tried building the NigeriaPost GPS app. The app crushed at its first development stage.

The IT guy is currently running around town mad.

You cant put just anywhere on the map. Place scatter too much 
So me ....
Aaawww Laaaaawd!!! What a "Terrible West" Africa.
Tag his name if you relate
Nigerian flag be looking like ...Moses and the Red sea 
If it takes your breath away, it's
ASTHMA.
If it sweeps you off your feet, it's
EPILEPSY.
If its making you go crazy, its HIGH
FEVER.

Don't be deceived, it's NOT Love...I repeat, its not love.

Now I want to faint please
Well, I blame GH women and how they allow these Naija boys use them. 
As we are trying to forget how Yvonne Nelson ended up in Iyanya's song, see the god Juliet Ibrahim went and brought home.
That tin na human being
If u catch ur gf cheating,
beat her bestie up as well
for she knew all along
How has this guy got me looking like his number 1 fan 
Hey Bro you okay x 
MANYA is tearing up everywhere, you guys are toooo much!!!! Whaaaaa ?
Meanwhile, 
Winnipeg Jets Goalie prospect scores from his own end and then celly’s like a boss 
Proud of my product photography of late, therefore must post on Twitter and receive love and adulation. 
They offered me a voucher 
IThe Weather Channel set up for a live shot of the Georgia Dome being imploded. 
To celebrate 20k a repost of my first ever topless selfie 
CLAY YOUNG FOR PRESIDENT 
Anyone else have a complaint? 
When the big ass gets in the way
Paper plane throwing at 
Sometimes all you can do is hump a pillow... 
Drop fucking Dead 
I’m just a tad bit obsessed with 
The fact that people complain about photos being taken infront of a white garage door blows my mind 
Tailgate meet & greet is my goals 
Happy Birthday to my brother 
Humans vs. Zombies players have to realize you cannot just take off running by me, because then I'm going to take off! 
Omfg 
Is this how u imagined u lit me up 
Daaaaamn 
Quality Sunday viewing 2 kick off my day 
i’ll deadass check my phone every 5 minutes for a text i know i’m not gonna get 
Who’s working as hard as this guy today? 
God don’t you just love it when someone tells you how young you look even though you have 50,000 kids 
Discovered a crack in the back of my front tooth..the only one I have 
I caught Sylvie weight lifting a cucumber, so she reenacted just for you guys  
Running scared 
Lucy,Victoria tell John I want This for Xmas
My bro’s comment got read out on 
Did I sleep through the hurricane or did it never come 
 Wonderful nominative determinism in tomorrow's episode. 
 It’s all part of my master plan to fade into Kate Bush-esque reclusiveness. Drag my stalkers into plain sight and direct them towards you and 
This is golden 
I have watched, and technically 
 reading random, mildly inappropriate Wikipedia pages would be a great weekly bit on 
The ting goes what now?! 
Fucking brilliant crackers 
It really would! 
'Earth to Vincent, I'm with child'. 
This girl is freaking out trying to get the bugs off and they’re all ignoring her 
As if Tommy put his hand up said 'that was me'
how have I only just discovered 
Are you up for the challenge 
This is a proper tackle 
Is it worth risking it to play against Peasedown.. I think it probably is 
Reserve game at home today is off due to a bit of rain but at least there won't be a hose pipe ban this year 
Good morning beautiful people... Here's a story about Troy Polamalu ruining my life 
This is the best thing you will see this weekend. 
We all did  
Scholes' face when Gerrard says he hasn't won the league 
Well, I’d love it to be ‘spotted the keeper off his line’ but really it was just a thump upfield and centre halves didn’t fancy it and then their keeper had no chance as he was in no’mans land. Either or I’d take it!
Seems legit 
Moreno 
We really grew up watching this stuff 
Ally McCoist's classic story about Gazza and his two trout 
Wow making fake accounts of western league players 
Today would have been my parents wedding anniversary. Mum just handed me a glass of prosecco. 
“What’s this for?” 
“We’re celebrating my no longer being married to your dad.” 

Both 
. My man 
Rookie Eli Apple's mom was excited for her son's first day at kindergar...err Giants OTAs 
10/10 for effort 
WINNER: Tweet of the day. 
Palace fans chanting "We're fucking shit" 
This Kaizer Chiefs fan is our hero. 
Massive banter from this Watford fella 
I wonder what logic was applied here
I’m dead 
Carragher's reaction to being allowed to say 's**t' on live TV. 
Some Walsall fan has booked a hotel 11 miles from Pompey which he thought was cheap...it's on the Isle Of Wight 
 I’m done
You bored Tom ? 
Sounds like a game with Greenie....:
Getting the hang of having 2 accounts 
If you think you had a bad weekend in 
This man dancing to Michael Jackson's ‘Remember The Time’ at a recent Janet Jackson concert absolutely KILLED IT. 
LEGEND: Patrice 
Sorry they're sold out, I bought them all for Riley and Hudson's room
 this meme is FIRE! I love it. 
Eating 10 meals a day and going to bed at 8pm ... I’ve had enough of my parents these past two days 
Want to see more fun stuff from the 
So ugly 
Young Gizzle in the cut with the braids, the beads, and the two piece like what. 
"I didn't get a "after you" vibe" - Larry David 
The interaction I had tonight. 
It’s crazy to hear a song and think of an old relationship and realize how toxic it was 
My Bruh, What world this is...I yelled at the very last second of this video
Y’all pray for me. The devil is busy today. 
Boy USMC Command finna show all the way the hell out 
Hey you know I got us to the concert without an accident and got you home safely so that’s all that matters 
Lowkey
If the kid would’ve got off the bus as a dinosaur I would’ve lost it. 
Joel Embiid's trash talk knows no bounds. 
"Well just so you know, the feeling's mutual" - Thank you for always having my back, Trudy Clarke! 
Hemingway = trouble... ohh I mean Hemmy = trouble 
At least he's honest 
Steph's smile 
This headline! 
 Get it?
Uhhhhhhh she wants to talk about mothers 
this snapchat filter was made for this 
Paper towels had me rolling 
This is great 
The SNL Tim Kaine in Spanish joke is so funny 
 you know i had to let them know ! Dont come for bae 
How black moms be during a car accident
Pooks, you will always be the gem to my 
Still cracking up over this goal celebration. 
 That hashtag is hilarious. I wanted them together,  but...Remy is catching that side eye from me now.
 laying down the law this morning 
Phase three... 
Guess the race of the booty 
Succinct. 
Classic Dad joke 
 Love these ladies!
i just found 
Wait has anyone seen this on 
CONGRATS Jordyn on placing 1st in the Crystal Lake Talent Show! Yall know I have a dance weakness 
Ummmmmm, there’s NO such thing as too much leopard print... RIGHT?! Growwwllll
Flashback to Xgames 2013. When U have a crew but no passes. But one in ur crew is like a hacker. 
This is the best video you will see all day 
Walked by like "Is that 
White girl pranks her black friend in a "IT" costume after she comes home from seeing "IT" in the theaters
When life has been so crazy it's Facebook that actually remembers you your birthday is next week 
Caption this! 
 Local fast food. Dougherty rule: No eating anywhere we can eat at home....  Raising Cane's-chicken tenders, chicken tenders and yeah, chicken tenders. 
 your video with the water had me dieing
 Yoo yalll made it to 2Chains snap lool
Be right back. Need to dig up our old Roman Fiesta campaign 
Who said my ugly ass couldn’t get a beautiful foreign. Well your wrong lol 
M O O D 
Life 
Maybe weigh your blessings instead? 
What's the key to a great 
Yes and Yes! 
Peter Kay tickets for June 2019! 
I’m accepting this as a compliment. Thanks, Joe 
Tried to tell my dad about 
(Link in pinned tweet) 
At the end of the day, lots of people send nudes. I’m not going to sit here and pretend like sending nudes is the worst thing ever. Just don’t send it to a minor like 
 is the type of woman who would accuse you of rape for not reading her horrid 
 would love that xx
This account is consistently 
Our Final Newbie this week is 
F@
Well glad we moved. Making me laugh at how chaotic it used to be. 
Just cuz I was there doesn't mean I still can't play along 
 we're just some saucy chicks!!
Does anybody have a time machine I can borrow please? Need to travel back in time later...

(The clocks change tonight! 
Things got pretty crazy talking to 
Love & respect to all the people who've been religiously typing into google, "What is the meaning of Galway" 
Omg some Spanish website shared our fake news about Lenny kravitz signing to ostgut ton..... I fully appreciate all the detail that we put in now 
otherwise known as "we ask famous DJs to do our job for us" 
Just saw myself and 
Of all the things I hoped to see today on the road from Marrakech to the ocean, somehow "Goat Tree" was not one of them 
Couples are well gross! 
You know your phone knows you well when it autocorrects “I’m headed back” to “I’m headed backstage”! 
This is SO every mum 
 have a great one! 
Someone gotta do one of those “new year new me” memes “leaving the negativity and heartache behind” 
Turns out I’m not the only parent who’s been on a quest to find a 
Omg. This is too good. Thank you for sharing. 
It's like whatever is wrong with Igwe 2pac is contagious 
my own friends always hit ass and lift boobs up whenever they see me,it's just greetings
Olamide sure knows how to 
 am telling you!
Weekend thoughts 
Back to it guys!.. 
Tag this person that you know.. 
Monday problems.. 
Happy 8th birthday little dude hope you and the fab five are ready for your slime challenge party 
"i know you got courage and all that. but ima have to see what yo hands talkin about" 
 see what happens when we let em in ??
Ooops! It seems that everyone is noticing the family resemblance today 
What the fuck is going on 
Think we over ordered 
Definitely kick some ass Beth, as long as it's not mine 
I love airports cos the rules of society don’t apply. Eat pizza and drink alcohol at 7am in a tracksuit... NO ONE CARES 
Omg stop you two are cracking me up 
 skitting!..ya see, everything else about you is just perfect 
Ah thankyou that’s really nice of you to say! And yes he does but he never uses it 
Catching up on 
Can you stop showing off please 
When you just wish the Judges would realise that I'm not pushing my chest out I'm just skinny with big boobs
Zombification is progressing nicely! 
We all have a mate who is as awkward to flirt with as Sideman on 
Watching my boyfriend make people paranoid is one of my favourite things... is it that bad 
Ok I am TERRIBLE with fashion, but even I know Louboutin is not pronounced “LEW BOOTIN” 
 That Nationwide bit had me laughing so hard I almost crashed while driving
 "people have a ton of ideas, but, just keep them to yourself" 
 what is the world coming 2 
When you go a little too hard!
You all made a brief appearance when I met Niall last week 
Tell your girl she's beautiful cause them niggas at the gas station gon do it 
With lots of spelling error BUT ITS OK. 
My friends reaction to it just now 
So what’s everyone going to talk about at the Thanksgiving table? We’re all about concerts, concerts, and more concerts! 
*after eating all day tomorrow*

“Mom I’m  meditating” 
The one and only "torch" 
Always finding reasons to buy more makeup 
Ricky just said "I can't wait to wife that ass" and I thought he said "I can't wait to wipe that ass" 
Going through the photos from Industry week and this one of 
Back to the old days... where it all started...  
Landed in Abu Dhabi! I must have traveled through every time zone possible this past week. It’s now midnight 
This time last year we put it on Pole in Macau at our very first attempt!!

The most impressive circuit and place I have ever been to! I was fairly happy about that lap too as you can probably hear 
Posing for weekend selfies like… 
That's the spirit! 
Especially when it’s a RQFWS award-winning cheese! 
 thank you hals !
Herb said No Distrspect To The Kardashians & Disrespected Tf Outa Them
Soon as you hit an Adult with facts they swear you being disrespectful. 
Virtual drifting vs. Real life drifting with 
Back in Coffs Harbour! Looks like the service has started already! 
Apparently 
“ I’m running away “ 
Who remembers these comedy classics from French and Saunders? 
Fabulous and Funny....
it’s finally settled.... the dolphins can’t beat the bucs 
Now 
Good morning beautiful people.. I once attempted to be a scout for the Colts.. “Chuck, he didn’t cough once” 
Good morning beautiful people.. On today's show we learn about the time Usher brought Stevie Wonder to a movie premiere 
I havent quit laughing for 30 minutes now 
Happy Twitterversary!! I joined at 
DAMN I CRACKED UP SO BAD WHILE LISTENING TO THIS
What a fun experience I just had!! Thank you to everyone who made it possible for the event to happen! 
When you and 
BEN - “TURBO TURBO POUNCE...DILLY DILLY” 
Ha! I see you, 
Why haven’t we heard a single peep about the 
Trombones, juggling, kittens, miming with beer, & making fun of my boots (they’re Steve Madden, not Uggs) - it was a phenomenal evening of absurdity Thank you 
 The look on the face of 
OH GAWD IM CRYING WHHYYY DO YOU GUYS DO THIS TO ME 
Looking like me out there 
RT if you can relate to this 
Aye this facts 
Can’t stop watching 
When your Mom let you push the basket and you hit the back of her ankles, she look at you like 
Tweeting this so I never lose it 
A nigga I know told me he got charged 18 cattle for lobola.. Eighteen.....
At 7k a cow.. 
Poor Ayden!! 
 I’ll be there soon, got half marathon next week then 
Something you're not telling us 
Thanks! I just want the adoration of millions. IS THAT TOO MUCH TO ASK?!?? 
IT'S TRUE! 
Brilliant. Especilly the bit about 
The exploding suitcase 
Maybe one day - though I warn you, the local sandwich game is pretty... innovative 
 An actual text conversation with my Dad...
"Cheating" 
Retweet if you’re old as dirt 
Could have done with more than peddling efficiency on that day due to the heat and decision to go in the fast group
One for the books. 
 Do they deliver in the UK? In an ideal world that service would really exist.
Can someone make a 
I knew him before you Moley
I’d be safe at fullback no one coming through that line uce
"until 15.9. beer for 0,7€ we run out of money" 
Well, Peter is the best. Will be one hell of a Slovakian party tonight. 
Because you are the President ??? FFS 
Don't get a wrong impression by this picture... I'm looking more forward to theses races than you think. 
This parody of the BBC interview > 
Retweet if you agree this is one of the greatest comedy moments ever 
That moment when you realise it’s the International Break 
Another day another Kilo... This time without my mates 
Looking for the perfect gift for your single friend? Avon has it covered. 
When you play 
My bredrin ordered one o dem mini Nintendo’s online and they sent him this
Who are these guys?
What is happening at 
Fun times with 
A camera operator's worst nightmare 
 Thanks for getting up so early 
Awa on yer bizzum and play some Bizzumbaw 
Sadly I couldn't secure a 
Swinging like a dunny door in a hurricane! Gotta love Shane Suttonisms 
UK Spies challenged at Strasbourg - watch as Ex-US spook starts to lose it at 8.30 & walks out of debate with me by 16.40 complaining over  my ‘interruptions, human rights rant & weasel words’ 
Sasha and Kelsey fighting is the funniest thing to watch 
Never laughed so much in my life
This house would be too quiet without Sasha, kid cracks me up 
entered my pin wrong into my phone n without me knowing my phone took a pic of me and sent it to my dad's email 
SHAMBLES - 3 hour delay in Vegas, flight cancelled in London & now trying to bus us home 
 thanks for the photo with my son Eddie, he was excited to meet you and he's now enjoying rubbing it in my eldest son Zak's face, who is gutted as he's a Saints fan 
Can't stop watching this 
I could slow the game down a bit. 
I’ve been called a lot worse Al. 
Looking good. Lucky you can zoom in. 
I only 
Neon pink 
What a bizarre day training; started with an abandoned FTP test, a distinctly average 5k commute, walk-run intervals with a friend and a 5k PB running. Is triathlon this confusing for anyone else?? 
When you get on base for the first time in awhile 
Esme from Bath is seriously excited about her 
Er .... 
We do things a little differently 
You see we got back up lil bra 
BRILLIANT: 'Despacito' using the lyrics of footballer's names. 
Patrice Evra has been training hard for this moment! 
But how did you for that sock over your head 
Exactly what I was gonna say Ettas. A little bit of ratel but with a sensitive side
Hahahahaha so true!!! I was way to loyal for my guild as a tank in WoTLK before moving on 
A couple of wild vultures appear for a decider
Just like they planned!! 
When you beat 
When you get photobombed by a Chelsea legend! 
Have a few for me 
Amir Khan going to extreme lengths to avoid 
Normal parents just play football with their kids. Seedorf decides to become an airbender 
The best of friends from and beyond the 
Easy work 
enjoyable
Poor Welsh Accent from 
Wow that chop 
Even the monsters get scared sometimes 
The smoothest transition you will ever see 
Outstanding from Watson 
Excited for 
 Chanstagram! You won't hear much about it from me pal 
Bless her that's very good of her! Should be a great game. Wrap up warm it gets cold up here in December 
I love the bake off, thought Kate was going to nick it but Sophie been unbelievable throughout. What a programme it is 
How about this banter from the ref yesterday 
 probably the most baffled I've ever been on a pitch. There lad nearly kicked the corner flag out the ground and ref says I fouled him 
Too busy checking my DM's 
"A little slippery player" Auggie Auggie Auggie 
come on 
The face you put when you find out you're officially a magpie! 
He really trying to find this gorilla a date 
So the ALevel results got his attention for 5 minutes and this kept @dxnwiseman busy all day 
 my 2016/2017 presenter showreel watch the full 3 min video here 
Bahaha who runs the 
Bahaha who runs 
Thanks Declan. Not sure that would get past the 
CAUTION! SLIPPERY WHEN WET (or sweat) 
So 10 episodes in 
Watch this space 
Walking into my office 
I agree with the class part 100 percent but 
Here we go episode 10 “ rhinestone cowboy” our funniest yet , well for 
Omd 
Social Media Influencers (A Sketch by Tara & Sasha) 
Me before a shower: I don’t wanna take a shower —————————Me in the shower: I live here now 
Today shall be remembered as the day all these big RA Dj’s applaud the no more poll move (after the poll already made their careers) 
These girls
Mandal & Andrew decided to training each other on their ticket purchasing approach during their wait 
I just sent 
I spend half my days responding to emails and phone calls explaining why I can't play their event for free 
Thought up a new name just for Halloween 
We do birthdays right here. 
I don’t remember the last time I laughed this hard 
"What does the i HTML tag stand for?", 
Pretty sure questions like this is why Kyrie wanted to leave the Cavs..  
I would have bus a whine when the beat dropped if it was appropriate 
I can’t think of any appropriate banana jokes .. lol 
Amsterdam Dance Event let's be havin ya! On my way to join the rest of the uk at ADE  
This is when you know your close 
When the direct deposit hit.. 
Hands down, one of the best callers we've ever had! 
Vote for us at the 
I don't know who recorded this but I cannot cope with this 
Big up my Spotify listeners, forever grateful to the people that listen to the weird shit I make 
Our production team hung up a picture of 
Have I seriously not been to sleep coz I decided to listen back on 
Is right Patrick 
 thanks Lindsay 
Loved it when some girl threw her bra into the booth and it landed on 
My 5 year old has jus been arguing with her cousin and said “Well you’re donald trump” 
Thursday’s Cheese night is upon us!! You Feta Brie There For A Edam Grate Night! 

Oh yes when you’ve now got 280 characters to play with when writing your rants 
“What you saying New Years?” 
Catch us in #98 of the legendary Straight No Chaser mag, giving the low down on our favourite artists in the most Amy and Selassie way ever
Psyched to see Star Creature in 
Shots fired. 
Personal space is a serious issue for me.. when someone stands real close on the line @ the bank or some food spot, i wanna put my arm over the “invader” and be like, “hey, how’s it going?” Take it to the creepy level 
Thanks for the get well wishes 
"She doesn't hold a grudge she just finds it hard to let go of resentment, 
...
that's what a grudge is " 
regram 
you two need to jump on the ring real soon...but rum 2-1 tho!
"I'll drop a bomb on a nigga from The Gap Band"
-
This is hilarious 
“which I’ll take home” 
Knock Her Dentures Down Her Throat When She Choke It Sound Like She Gettin That Good Ass Whoopin 
Fuckin insane lol 
 if it was AC in there he might of 30'd me
U a clown 
He know 
Aw lad, this could legit be my favourite match to watch this year 
Wait for it... THAT LAUGH THOUGH 
Question of the day???
These awkward dads are having a win streak of their own 
"He fed him a leather sandwich!" 
Thanks Shanghai for the very early morning welcome! 
Ruptured ACL but who cares after a 95th minute winner 
Caption this 
One of my favorite parts of the podcast with Jaylen Brown: Quick message to fans who think they can go 1-on-1 with NBA players 
Gotta love Boston Fans lol...nickname suggestions?? 
Enjoy #2 of our Video 
Peter Gunz is wack as fuck! 
I KNOW PEOPLE SLEPT ON IT 
Hope y’all don’t notice the piece of glitter hangin out my booty. 
Good hat, bad hair day 
I can’t decide if I like this pic or not... do y’all like it or do l look too sad/mean??? 

Whatever the case, makeup on me by me.  Photo of me by me. ME game strong 
Lmao. 
 "hey zoo keeper!" OMG watching you on Netflix. I'm laughing so hard I'm literally in tears. 
“Niggas don’t know about laws until they break em”. BRUH!!! 
Watching 
 Shannon gave Lydia the LOOK OF DEATH 
My homie and business partner 
Finally got Charlamagne’s (
Almost spit out my coffee this morning laughing at 
“Don’t let the b*stards get away with it!” 
hilarious! 
A toddler in a room with paint is never going to end well! 
Well spotted. 
Friend just quoted sister Charity's mwegye grade.
Lawyer friend 
This 
Again, 
 those moves on Mwisuka 
 I’m not sure the two on the right are that cool... thanks so much for having us! 
My man 
How do you solve the problem of junk in space? Use a giant harpoon gun of course! 
Truffle the dog is every single one of us when it finally snows 
It seems that T is taken with his 
Pirates never have a day off!! 
Wishing everyone a great weekend! 
Thanks for the freebie question-beat my high score! 
Happy first 
Everyone on 
Looking for the perfect 
Searching for gifts for kids, this 
We love our new pants! 
Well that was a bit of a tongue twister 
Here’s a Foxy Forecast for all our 
I'd watch ALL of these 
His 'loser face' ? 
How sweet 
 Red Carpet Confessionals... We've all pulled a 
EXCLUSIVE: 
Me at the Indoor Skydive 
Falling over yeah 
It’s amazing how many taxis you get in and they ask you how to get to where you’re going lol.... “ bro I don’t have a clue that’s why I got a taxi “ 
Sorry me and 
Feeling like a jar of Marmite right now... 
Morning Twitteroos! 
Messy start after tea for Richie here 
Priceless!




Anyone else got 
We didn’t plan on coming together but both called each other an hour before the show to see if the other wanted to go with
Great result 5-1 without playing fantastic 
"He slapped me around the head and said Craig Bellamy's been talking about you..." 
Top draw this!!!scoring off corners for fun as well for a change 
'No trump talk' 
Watch what happens when 
Has 
FYI My mouth is so wide because I'm singing NOT because I'm being the stagiest person ever 
He (
She ploughed 
Tiger didn't feel like watching many of his tee shots on Friday. 
I really want a 6pack for my holiday......but damn these biscuits are delicious!!! 
Haha I didn't even realise you followed me 
All your requests were appreciated on SAT DRIVE with Pól! Especially all those listening in online,a great photo of Pól can be seen on the radio app
Listened to this for 3 days straight think this qualifies as a 
lol
Totally agree but u guys were pretty good urselves looking forward to our next encounter 
Always 
Hey, cosplayers: apparently, you can buy the jacket? 
Fond memories of this show despite merch getting soaked by the rain 
What do you do when you have actual East 17 on the show? Crack out the puffa coat & report live from an Ice Rink & Gingerbread house 
Haha NEVER - you do make me laugh! There's no way you could look like Rob 
Friday night laughs watching 
Your spouse shall not have any say in any home goods. That's my philosophy! 
Look who is on 
Hello?
Err, it dances better than I do, and I had 8 years of training 
Me: “I love you”
Pizza: “I know.” 
Bully popping in for some breakfast.  He thinks he owns the place. Lol 
We stay laughing 
Fat Joe is killing it 
s/o 
This nigga Fat Joe 
Fat Joe so New York 
 Billie has me DYING 
Right!? 
Stooppppp! 
TFW you stream the 
 has me so damn weak always 
Yes i meant to put soul . So many people with negative energy 
Facts. Think I gave it 17 mins. Also had a hat but the du rag lay was too good not to let the waves flourish 
 Oh, Franco, C'mon, we all say stupid stuff at times 
He wants to get randy with Randy 
Win 2 tickets to every Electric Factory show in 2018!! 
 and his wife Lauren took it too a level that every athlete would understand and appreciate! Just genius! 
Hey cowboy sick ass Mohock!! O wait your hair just grow in all bad ass like that
So an UNELECTED MONARCH has been wheeled out by 
Justice for Jack! 
Too much 
Keeping the neighbours up last night writing this song 
Now it's a ghost town.. 
I was not going there with you 
We hope so too 
4 years ago today, Kanye West told Sway he doesn’t have the answers 
Ashley Young to Dele Alli: “When you win the Prem, let me know.” 
 we love seeing you back on our screens 
Shelf buddies! (Yes, I juggled things around a bit!) 
 as a white male I have no real, pertinent say in this of course. But I still think your channel 4 interview was absolute class and am very glad it happened.  Not just for the riling the trolls the way you have 
You are hilarious! Dusky 
Cheer up lad 
Photo editor is a genius 
I got called "my aryan brother" by a black man working at the DMV this morning. Wasn't really sure how to react. 
 they acted like someone spilled a drink 
Like hang? Really? That’s all you got? We’re not monkeys I’m not tryna just haaaang out. Ok ending rant 
Maradona’s bow tie is happening 
Ding Dong It's 
11:40 AM — looked down and realized im in the studio by myself with a can of beer and a pair of maracas 
When it comes to sleeping in bed with you. Kids have absolutely no respect for your personal space 
Weird night 
Lol let me spell this out for you:

You dating/courting/procreating with someone outside your race will not end racism 
My nigga go look at 
Yep. Starting at $3.35 an hour. 
Man from Friona, Tx. says 
. That kid is tremendous
 I'm in Indianapolis need me to come to the 8th floor f at&t I got your back bro
Backstage at the 
Some hilarious posters here at 
Why did they put him on blast like that?!?  
I gotta get my reach up 
When the tiredness hits you 
Update from 
When the fiction catches up the reality . I'm Watford manager and Everton want me 
Just find 
Can't wait to trend when you score 
 any donations welcome 
A warning about Labour’s impact on the economy from the Absolute Boy himself! 
Just saying... Ben wouldn’t have to look like this if he just rode his bike. 
This makes me evaluate why we’re best friends 
Make sure you tune in 
The guys at 
Do Chickens sleep in trees? 
This day in 2014... Lol 
The hashtags are 
Pay attention to how Akuma had ZERO stun before getting hit AND HE DIED!! 
Today is my first day at a Target door buster sale for Black Friday, glad i brought my shoulder pads lol! Let's see what the hype is all about 
It's interesting to play Zangief in 3 different street fighter games in the same tournament 
CCGS NA Update: 
Hog in every game even when it is banned
The thought that a religion started by a 1400 year old desert warlord who hallucinated an angel is real 
"OK....wait....parry?" - 
When your mum thinks you've smoked weed every time you came back from the swimming pools 
Suup2 dox 
goddamn the lag was too real! I couldn’t even fly with ultron 
Yeah about That Tongan Blue flag... Tongan Crip Gang(TCGs) have been breaking protocol  this whole RLWC wearing Red so they had to balance it out hence the blue. 
Feel so bad for this guy
Exactly lol 
Thanks for the confirmation.....yes it's the real deal! "a note to a certain doubter" 
We can confirm this was the actual dish you served and was delicious !...
Nah, I'm off back to bed 
Leicester City fans at the cricket today 
Probs shouldn't laugh at a time like this... but that was brilliant 
Quick! Someone call 
Watch @iamkelis gatecrashing 
YES! Now change your picture to one of me 
Shirley is much happier going down the HILL 
Massive thanks to all the MP’s 
 True ravers only come for the ever-diverse and brilliant music and to have a great time 
Squad goals? 
That’s a new one but thanks 
Just got hit with the iPhone 7 ‘charging / listening to music at the same time’ thing for the first time on this train & I’m actually screwing 
Just spent 5 minutes in the elevator tryna leave the hotel then I realised my rooms on the ground floor 
I was in lewisham squeezing a hammer u was with jamie listening to ragga 
Playing those sweet UKG lullabies 
Some of the fakest people tweet the most amazing quotes that they themselves don’t even live by 
Are you going to go over and do the worm 
"Yo J Hus, look at the statistecs" 
Got ma ticket for 
Just raged to some thief at a fish market 
Naughty boy presenting that 
I might have to hit the studio with all these new followers who think they’re following 
Welp casino tv is on...that means time for bed 
Oi guys this might possibly have been my favourite moment of 2017 
 I hate you for that rt
We are waiting 
Nothing is coming. All parties have called a truce. So pls act responsibly and accordingly. . 
2-0 down in 10 mins 
didnt know you could rap like this 
What's Poppin'?! 
This lunch for you is ready. I have never met anyone so clever with words. I mean you just said how you feel and I'm in my sapio feelings 
Blow Man Away, Den I'm Flying Away 
Reppin the 
 THIS IS SICK!!!!!
Im just watching 
Yea i heard your "if's" on 
Love this. 
 facebook event tonight is going mad for tickets 
Yo, I went hella hard Saturday 
Kwamz & Flava fool for dis one 
Never forget sha 
Loool so the many times I’ve this video I’m only now realising it’s kwamz & flava 
All types of bread by Kwamz and Flava was really a banger back in school 
As much as I hate man united gotta love Jesse lingard celebration 
Saturday Night MOOD 
Can't wait for Wenger to sub off Lacazette at halftime for Welbeck 
This guy 
 You need to give 
 sick show so far you was just going in with the nursery rhymes 
 no I haven't but could do one 1 year, featuring some cats potentially maybe a motorbike
When someone asks me how uni is going
"BisaKdei-Life " is really my go to song if I'm tryna break the whole dance floor 
How nice of this young man to teach the police something new... pfffff 
yo 
 Lol you are evil!!!!
Like 4 the first time ever... Popsy asked me to turnt up the speakers in the car stereo!!!
My mate Ranjit.!! 
 Milli! this is the realest shit I’ve ever heard in my life
 this is deep
Lol! 
 i tire for them o.... mehn i too tire (2 tyre ) like okada 
 link up 
"....I taya for dem oo, mehn I too taya like Okada.... " 
toastin up 
 Unfortunately I agree
Sarz no go kill me!!! 
The war of Wizkid and Davido is over 
Below is the reason why 
What If they're twins ??
ah Ima dont bring such struggle to my remembrance 
the way 
I hate dis lil nigga 
DREAMS keep us Alive & Going .. playing with this app 
Nobody says u shouldn't be fat but please be fat and rich.Don't come and oppress ppl' inside keke n still pay #50

This is valid... And he has to cope with the fact that some raw materials haven't been discovered yet 
De Gea can actually save Nigeria's ailing economy oh! 
Those years when we rush to buy World Cup Fixtures pamphlet and keep updating the results after each game.. 


I missed 
Perfect timing 
When they’ve been teasing you for so long and then they get just close enough...
Yes yes! That’s how I write as well. People who know me personally say they can imagine me saying the things I write. According to them “my articles are so me” 
You guys, me and a Cheetah! It was real you guys
Mourinho Surely talking about Lukaku's fall tomorrow on the media 
 on duty  
Who is the Greatest? Port Harcourt Bole or Naija Jollof?? 
New zone unlocked..."The someone zone"
After 20years of trying my luck, I finally won this 
I have very Unfortunate friends 
Yomi's mom knows that her son has a gf named Prisca.

Just doesn't know how many.
Only one 
 is bringing mayhem to Aba 
Even Hockey players have their Cheat Days 
How to score (Ft. Prime time scoring lanes, Leg kicks, and Clappers). With these tips anyone can be an NHL sniper 
HORRIFIC!

The WORST Elite One Monthly rewards EVER are live now! Trust me, you don’t want to miss this! 
Jose Mourinho’s reaction to Ashley Young’s free kick 
Don't get jealous of all dis girls getting married nw,it's black Friday deal,their fathers are giving 85% discount.

FYI realizing 
“It weighs more than HE DOES” 

Facebook just reminded me of that one time I got Daigo Umehara down to half-health at 
 is ready for 
what a family 
Ha just read this to 
As we slip down a parliamentary process rabbit hole-fun fact: a charge of contempt *could* see DD locked up halfway up Big Ben clock tower 
This ref's got no chill ! 
"Kids, it's time we talk about where we came from." 
Sugar, spice and basically a lot of sarcasm!
Maybe I just didn’t have a very good punch line.....very often the case with my stories
Cricket fans were just waiting for two simple words from behind the stumps on day one... 
Another well thought-out argument.  
Ahh, some good news for today… woohoo. 
What did we do before 
I found the graphics Apple used in the 
 Well said 
This will 10000% also be me when 
Happy international men s day!!! ( semma meme)
Nothing like 
What? You're the only one who can bring in strays off the street? 
Love it Adam makes a bomb noise to the kids 
Such a rare moment definitely needs a celebration to be remembered!
This thread as evidence for my cherished theory that 
We love when the contestants use Mr. Wonderful's words against him. RT @swcentz: 
Guy wakes up from surgery, asks to see nurses tits 
The three classic stages of learning how to porròn 
sisterly love at its finest... 
How beautiful does Emma make this look?! Dreaming of Halkidiki 
I've never felt another man's pain more 
Like I'd wear a blindfold while singing it 
We'll give Didi a pass on his postgame tweet tonight. 
English Prof: Students hate this book, it says you're all going to hell... you're all going to hell btw 
I agree. And now everybody's arguing with me 
Good 
Undone by Jesse Lingard 
Ice and Icicle at Woods Farm have come up with an ingenious plan to stay warm this winter 
Happy surprises are something we've come to expect in our 2017 Wine Champions case, but this is a new one! 
I know the probs snow causes but still get a wee bit excited about the prospect! Sledging mainly 
How odd 
BUMass rappers. 
"guns under the bed, money where the quilt be" 
you can tell fab respects jadakiss 
All Jesus wanted was his ball back… 

Then THIS happened! 
 love the badge kiss 
What’s your address 
The Panama ball boy did what he had to do to get his country to the World Cup last night... 
I haven’t yet - I haven’t read anything this year other than briefing notes 
A huge thank you to all the officials, volunteers, coaches and swimmers for a great first day at our Open Meet - yes you get to do it all again tomorrow  
If you need cheering up, here's a photo of the time my stepmum asked for cheese and biscuits at a hotel. 
Here's this nightmare, brought to you in the flesh by Betty Crocker: 
Just watched 
The mug every writer needs...

Haha genius. I cant wait to assume my final form. 
New hair! 
Here is the full 
Bed time 
When you’re being really childish in the car and your boyf doesn’t find you funny 
Lasith Malinga who? 
Hahaha not seen 
'Britain's Manliest Man' 
Yeah you guys do big turn outs for these things. Clearly got MOMENTUM 
CONSPIRACY (and stupidity) ALERT: This leftist nutbag a) thinks Kiev is in Russia and b) alleges I went to Moscow in 2013 to conspire with Putin! 
Cant cope with these
Preach this!!! Greggs can’t even change baby Jesus to a sausage roll for a laugh
I have never been so done in my life 
Why don't they show this
some lads still don't realise that girls find out everything, literally no point in lying 
Pobblebonks
Agreed! South African Frog names are pretty bland. I think the closest we have to Pobblebonk is Rubber Frog. It’s time to go ANC on them and change their names 
Wonderful food technology practical with year 7s - hope parents and carers enjoyed their treats.....If any were left!
The footage has been shared thousands of times as Glaswegians did a double take believing the city had its very own superhero 
If anyone thinks Spurs are in crisis I urge them to watch this, Arsenal fan singing for their players to stay.


Still LOVE looking at this one
HILARIOUS!!! 
Isn't this Too funny 
Gotta walk through this garden 10 times a day cuz she thinks she’s Poison Ivy! 
Many thanks! Same to you all. 
As if we needed another excuse!! 
 
Congratulations 
I will never tire of Law & Order: SVU's fake versions of social media. Tonight's offering to represent SnapChat: "ChatSlam" 
Gals who can't cook be like 

"Honey come taste this water I boiled" 
 the shotgun finish
Yup. I've watched it twice 
 killing it in the new 
looks like Bane is working at Crate & Barrel now... 
looks like Bane is working at 
 is fun for football. Glad he's on our team. 
Happy birthday goofy 
He just almost caught a body 
 cryin
Need to spice up your 
A Mom & Daughter that slays together stays together! 
This how defense should be 
Why do people try and get relationship advice from Twitter 
Vid Squad (Just need to get Alex now 
That’s yo hitstick foolie aha
Long time no see uncle snoopdogg Thanx for playing with a playa today 
Jimmie Sherfy, 
I finally got some 
Gutsy day from 
Lmao she still queen 
  just ordered your slime book ! And preordered your diy & crafts book!! CANT WAITTT!!!! I also ordered some slime things
It was a great day to graduate 6th grade today at 
I got roasted once again! My response will be ready and out Tuesday! Banger on the way 
Loved smacking him the whole night 
Retweet to make an Apple lover's day 
God forbid their bases got burnt 
Epic screenshot ash 
life was better two weeks ago
Last random spin b4 we start S5 
Who needs ClanCastle?
keeping your streets ice-free....
"Nick Grit-Shaw" 
I've made it 
Still not over 
Lol! True! 
A long time ago in 
Nominated for a Grammy, Sound 
Who did this Shit 2me 
Can't wait tonight for all the "we're outside pal, can you get us in?" texts...

Be very early!!! You've been warned!! 
Can we all just agree that this has been one helluva week?!? 
Happy Birththday Mother 
Manchester City 
Ay 
 you gotta come to the next show! Will be announcing dates next week.
When you call the bank and at the end of the call the lady says one last question... when's 
2 Wu Tang Mixtape features check the track lists 
Yo abdi you are really showing how wounded you are lol. Ive not flopped not once that's YOU and double, That's why I called yas Miss the drop and Flop 
 y’all wanna see a video for Alphabet?
 2009 This photo needs no words officialgreenvelvet 
Ouch! ; )  RT 
I don’t catch feelings often so when it finally happens I get excited and fuck things up
Not really
Y’all be moving in SILENCE LOUD AF 
I think I'm going to be the biggest troll the internet has ever seen.  

I know that was random as hell 
Just Got on this 
Yesterday 
@KanyeWest about to have Yall dressing like homeless people and space aliens 
Yes, #10 IS a thing 
The Raiders honored 98-year-old Pearl Harbor survivor Mickey Ganitch before today's game & he was ready to get after a QB 
Everytime the corona Christmas commercial comes on Sage gets up and tries to figure out who’s whistling at her 
crazy how coaches can leave whenever they please, but when a player wants to transfer they want to take a year of eligibility away
Ooooooh. 
I’ll do that on Tuesday I’ve got an appointment at 11 with him 
I couldn’t even if I tried.... not that I ever ever want to try... that picture is enough to give anyone nightmares.... thanks for that guys 
YES! So glad my machine is being used after sitting in the basement for YEARS! Maybe it’ll be able to help create more than dog toys 
Has to be one of my FAVORITE BITS
 let’s start this Monday with the light oh hope!
 we’ve got 
On a game-winner? Disrespectful 
The thread to this has me dying right now 
i’ll scream “niggas ain’t shit” all while having a bf that loves me & treats me like gold, idc. it just don’t apply to him. 
Great time this morning with 
He hit a real life Nba Street Vol. 2 gamebreaker though 
 aye unk 
When yo momma say “we got food at the house” and warm up them Thanksgiving left overs for the 5th day in a row. 
Had the pleasure to pass rush against him. Let’s just say my Madden moves didn’t go as planned 
Eddie a real Og 
Caption this
Yeah my mums a LEGEND!!!!! 
All the sad faces of people in the library this late 
Man this so accurate 
Help me 
Detroit! Now's your chance to win tickets to laugh all night long with 
I posted this on Facebook some years ago and all hell broke loose on my page. 
 If it’s up to me, Books shall never go extinct! I shall hoard them and share them and love them forever.
•••
Tell me, would you ever let physical Books die?
Sometimes my husband does this for me 
I’ve never actually had this problem before and I’m pretty sure it’s because I am relentless about bringing my book with me no matter the size. 
Attn: 
Your last hashtag cracked me up.
BRB hitting the gym to do 10,000 reps with my left arm 
the asymmetrical arm development from fencing is Real 
Very possible Aiden thinks they are all called Bon because he’s not good at names 
Actual fact. I've also done this with a weird summary when I forget the title, but 
'Bond in Bound' YAY! I finished it finally 
This made me laugh more than it should 
Excited to be running against you..although you’ll have a head start on me 
Travis Scott was lit...
Dudes only act like this when they've been with a girl for a while 
When Chris Kattan comes to your game, and still loves doing the Night at the Roxbury, you make it a thing. 
Here's Dan showing us his interpretative dance routine for 
This gif never fails to make me smile 
Need a bit of Christmas dinner inspiration? Honey roast gammon, with 
Proper Mancs. Enjoying Nasi Lemak grub in the rain. 
Dermot Kennedy’s songwriting is just so fucking god damn perfect, I may as well just give up music 
YAY!! We're open! Well until 4 as I'm a little late with this post! 
That guy in bed is making me howl laughing on Michael McIntyre "this is like a weird dream" 
Giles and Mary from 
Just in Oddbins, buying a treat bottle of wine for Saturday night.  The man behind the counter was trying to gift wrap something- took ALL my self control to remember he was NOT one of my children and snatch it off him shouting ‘FFS, I’LL do it!  Look at your corners!’  
Nothing says ‘frosty winter wonderland’ *quite* like chipping frozen dog poop off the lawn!  
Lewis Hamilton has the giggles during our review show.

But what on-track moment made him laugh? 
One final time thi year - the dreaded words flash up on my screen “
Lee & Karun bumped into the ever entertaining 
It was great having you over. We obviously need to get trying a bit more 
Check this out for your 
Today’s funny moments are repeatedly calling control asking if they could track our ambulance 
Letter received this morning from male we sent to prison for drug supply, seems we have upset a few people 
What do butchers do when they have some time to kill before a flight, we visit other Butchers 
Still twitter gold 
Dear Theresa, it's not the number of MPs that counts it's how you use them. You have to do more with less that's all 
This was certainly the coolest thing that happened to me this year. 
A little lesson in expiration dates 
BRILLIANT: 10-year-old 
It’s was at a funny angle... 
Eardrums? 
Welcome to 2014! 
Meanwhile in Abu Dhabi.... Never get too big for your boots 
Just got my iphone x. And cant get enough of these animojis 
Dinner with 
9am wig and makeup call....! 
Thank you, Kamil, for gifting me this rehearsal room gem! 
I say...!! 
All very busy in the kitchen this morning! 
Reason # 712 never to sit on an airport floor! so college kids - sit in a chair this holiday season ! Don’t block the hallways 
Thanks, guys! We may be bad at quizzes but we're good elsewhere 
I spy a prank........ 
Omg im dead 
Clearly too excited for 
When It's Monday morning and it's shoot week on location 
Pray for team Style 
Pre-BBC highlights 
Out with 
In with 
What a line up for the next Big Feed! Might want to start your pre 
Legit not stopped laughing tonight
1-0 already
Best blindfolded penalty ever! 
Also seen a Yellow-browed today just to grip 
The technical way of checking if the runway is frozen...have 
I love you 
Omg 
Watch this absolute car crash of a rope swing by 
.  Amazing how they kept the biceps in proportion
For a joke, the German border security guard was giving us Brits stamps in our passports as we arrived yesterday. Top man. I asked for one too. 
 stoked about the Wilmington, NC announcement! I know 
They still can’t get hold of me 
We did the beanboozled challenge 
I needa step up my 
We are wearing jackets in 23 degree weather but manz not hot 
 Fancy popping over to Ptown for a visit... I'm sure 
I’m literally more excited to see 
Atleast we know 
This is why I do not 
It’s wrestling season .. which means we gonna see a whole bunch of refs doin this 
The moment you realize 
Damnn  everytime there's a 
STOP IT 
THERES ALWAYS THAT ONE CUNT 
can’t even promote me event with dj envy this weekend i refuse 
 chill i gotta dj with this guy sunday
it's one thing to dye ya hair but to shave ya eyebrows and consider it being yourself? fam what ya eyebrows do wrong 
 yessir
Is that 
Italian defenders against Sweden. 
Place the word ''Only'' anywhere on the sentence : She Told Him That She Loved Him 
I just had a choco-taco in place of my workout....
Let's do this Bogota 
Thank you for the long fun night Santiago Chilè . We can't wait to come back 
This might break the internet 
Save your best moles from 
 I can't give it up but 2 major keys: no cinnamon or nutmeg & hella vanilla flavor
some people search for drama to create but it’s okay, maybe one day they’ll grow up
Lmao I used to be stressed in high school 
knew you stayed up too late when this came on your tv 
What’s the first thing you think of when you hear Two Turtle Doves? Be honest. We just did the 
This baby is a GENIUS. 
Same! 
Oops! Did I not mention were releasing a "A Very Daily Bumps Christmas EP" this year? 
I usually sing to my boys because it helps them go to sleep, well when I was putting Finn to bed last night I accidentally wrote a Christmas Lullaby... it could rival Silent Night I think 
 TODDLER’S FIRST PRANK! 
Shhhh I’m tryna snipe 
 too soon 
Nice freehand painting just looking 
Not with me rowing Jim 
Was o the only one who was lost 
WOW .. this Royal policy would free up a lot of My time 
And I thought you didn’t eat dessert 
I love 
After The Two Ronnies created the parody 'Status Who', Francis & Rick couldn't stop accidentally singing 'Fond Of Her'  
Only time 
We really need to practice our Japanese 
Leaflet from trade publication with advice on how to make most of cask beer sales. Range, marketing etc..... with a sample photo of a keg beer board..... 
I've had chronic back pain for 5 years but I didn't know true pain until I listened to my BF teach his mom how to use her computer. 
If only it were a blade! I brought a letter opener to a blade fight! Oops! 
Glad to know I can still easily do a muscle up... after a bit of caffeine 
Such a nice chat with these two fine gentlemen today about 
 this is totally my humor! Stay strong, AG. Don't let the haters get to you
 right? Fun 
3 crime writers who haven’t a cluedo brilliant,
 on Thursday at the recording. It’s a shame you missed the hour of unbroadcastable stuff 
His wife is a lucky lucky woman 
The bold 
While we're on about fine crime books, here's what I thought of 
Seriously? A 300 year old communist is going to beat President Trump? 
Phil asked this youngster a question.

And got an honest answer. 
Yooooooo, 
"let me see what you have.."
"a knife"
"NOOOOOO" 
HAHAHA This guy is lit!!!
So the tricycles are a tad more difficult than we thought! 
Jalen Rose said Embiid was immature for saying he’s at 69% so Embiid said he was at 81% the next time he was asked. Kobe dropped 81 on Jalen Rose. 
right lol
Every Cowboy lost is a Redskin win
Sometimes I do worry about the mind that lies behind these books!!
Big up everyone chatting shit about me but wouldn’t @ me or chat shit to my face cos they know theyd get punched 
Now that’s funny
And let's not forget Osbourne and Gove: Outchago and Onyourarse 
This is how to write a headline 
Imagination gone wild! 
Happy payday to my fellow NQTs! I have money again that's actually mine 
Listening to the songs for my harvest production! God, they're annoying 
Been doing more classroom prep today... does it ever get completely finished?! 
So they say... 
Two types of people taking pix 
 Throwback to that time me & my don SP MC had an imaginary freestyle battle with an imaginary mic 
Don't miss this one...
BACK-UP WIFE 
He replaced  the wife with a village wife.. LOL
BACK-UP WIFE 
BACK-UP WIFE 
See Famzing!!!! 
THIS MOVIE IS HILARIOUS 
Bimbo Ademoye is a great actor...
BACK-UP WIFE 
And. 
My Brother In Law cracks me up! Check this out! 
Another hilarious episode of DateFails w/ 
Craig’s all set for the 
“Scotland has the only football team in the world that does a lap of disgrace.” 
She blocked me lol I don’t think I’ve ever been blocked after being judged by the same person. 
Yeah it’s a joke and I’m not policing anybody. I barely like police as it is. 
Be brave jo 
Out on that court tomorrow? Remember - Team work makes the dream work 
I’m game fun barn is life 
This. Just this.  
“It’s the middle of winter, and the papers are issuing drought warnings, so people are going out and panic buying Peckham bloody spring” 
Better picture this time brother? 
Check out this FIYA acoustic version of Dont Love Me 
I’ve seen it all now...
You know what they say....ain't no..... Better than new.....
Niggas got so faded we broke into a 4 part symphony 
You… made a Trump hat… featuring… an orange ghoul? 
Absolutely phenomenal goalkeeping in the Sunderland v Millwall game today! 
And I really DO mean “below the belt” - 
We just heard the news —everything. Is. On. Sale. At. 
Just checked... still more than double yours. Noticed that ITVs viewing figures actually go up when you finish 
Big props to 
My favourite part of today. Too funny. 
Just finished a fun day out at 
Come along to Walking Netball at The Acorn Centre Torquay tomorrow 9.30am or Parkfield Paignton on Thurs 9.30am and giggle like these ladies 
Not sure they are bright enough 
I still can’t believe that people actually listen to us 
Wait for it......
Thank goodness our karts don't have reverse 
That moment when they catch you running away from training 
Sick of R&D tax credit calls? I just say we are focusing on consultancy. Sick of Tinnitus Spam emails, I don’t listen to them. 
Thanks for bearing the cold ky 
I did say I was expecting ridicule 
I just put in the 
There's not much time left to win this 
Yeah dude, very worthy condender. Always get excited when I hear you're on. And I like to think, I know stuff! 
Countdown has begun, no not for Christmas but for me to finally be a grown up(or maybe not
Carb loading with leek &mushroom pasta! Kids love Indian food but they have requested if I would not make indian this week
Hands down, one of the best callers we've ever had! 
Love recycling.  
I'm sober now.... so it was all your fault 
The Mysterious Life of Developers

.RT if you wish Lord Shaxx was one of your uncles...  
I met him at LFCC last year, if you haven’t met him already you must. He’s a lovely man. I’ll never forget the look on his face when he saw the guy behind me in full Arthur Weasley costume 
Or when he's had more than half a bloody mary
Sure hope that's my shadow!!! Hahah
I need a better receiver 
50 knocked out would’ve been more appropriate 
Welp, 
I still think 
Tap out due to strikes. 
I think 
I give that period a C+ 
looking for some 
Watch out, Julio. 
Young Lincoln. Not old man 2010 Lincoln where I’m from 
You ain’t never lied 
This. Was. Everything. 
Welcome to the show, 
I literally just fell asleep and dreamt about driving the 
Russ knew Melo’s first shot was going in 
Onion for the win! 
The hands 
No way!! 
This house is full of jealous Micks tonight 

Aspen sad face makes me happy
Not quite the standards I'd got used to from 
Very gorgeous 3yo jumping beautifully but then throwing a few shapes 
Another great night of comedy from 
Prince Charmin!!!!! Show em that you’re handsome!! 
I did this!!!!! 
Finally!!!!! A chocolate brother in my age group!!!!! 
If you haven’t listened to this yet, what are you doing?!?!?! Sheesh!!! 
Also, he can’t pronounce “fior de latte” either the smug prick 
 wasn’t having it
Loool 
Lol how 
This almost had me in tears. 
 David Alan Grier is so underappreciated
I haven't laughed today! I needed to see this 
 I got a better chance 
 sings Brexit last night 


The best thing this morning was the 
You will DIE laughing at this episode hahahahaha 
Love the title 
Giving 
 Just watched your latest video. Gymnastics, video editing, New house sorting AND still making vids for us lot. Some kinda awesome. Welcome to iPhone... (Waves my shiny new X in ya face 
Yes I opened it before my birthday on sunday... and yes I'm bouncing up and down in the kitchen 
Whose idea was that for the song before the theme song? I thought I was listening to something else 
 Yay! Look what's just arrived! I got one look at it before Mum took it off me until Christmas!
I love that 
Makes the best TV! 
Hahhaha omg 
We work on this move 2 years!! Glad that 
My absolute pleasure. I inadvertently wore it on the school run this morning and got called out on it. 
This is odd even for you 
Personalised tin of beans 
Did you end up buying accessories for the bear? 
What happens in dressing room 302 between shows!! Dead 
Apparently I am not allowed to criticise people who have many pairs of shoes/boots!
Marcel give it a rest mate! No one cares 
 cheers mate I love it 
Categorical proof that pub crawls are good for you...these are all "exercise" according to my 
Chris Coleman is doing a radio phone in for fans to ask questions. Some fella just called in....”no questions really, just rang for a chat.....I’ve been on the cans” 
Superscoreboard’s Mean Tweets...coming to a screen near you soon 
We couldn't help but share this as it made us chuckle 
New York on halloween weekend looks like London on a sat night 
Crimbo! Damn new phone not recognising Crimbo...why oh why! 
what is this 
Hope the last wave inspires you 
Shaka punches 
 to me... 
Absolutely brilliant as always!! I've lost count how many times I've seen them but each time they get better and better! They make me feel like a 10year old fan girl 
" Hey mom look at me " 
It would, I was lucky to snap it up tbh 
Welcome to Ginta, our newest warehouse recruit, modelling one of our giant Klondyke Garden Centre Christmas bags! 
Guy on the plane must have got a laugh at my head falling every time I dozed off to sleep for an entire hour 
This video describes my excitement for Christmas 
They taste devine like little liquorice drops from heaven 
Our Coconut Sriracha sauce comes directly from our secret Sriracha trees ... just kidding 
"When offered a treat, she went right past the outstretched hand to the pocket containing the bag of treats! 
I took on Alain’s 
Yes you can go to the Panto without kids! LOVED tonight’s show at 
Tonight’s panto is deffo the best I’ve ever seen, loved it so much, my cheeks hurt from laughing
The salt in 
I still can’t get over this 
This week's employee spotlight features Kayla Vallone. Find out what Kayla's biggest pet peeve is! 
Happy 8th birthday little dude hope you and the fab five are ready for your slime challenge party 
Video of the year 
This is awesome 
This is funny 
Mood: 
Russ loves a good Eurostep 
When the day just started and you've already had enough 
After accepting a dare by 
If only we payed this much attention on a Friday normally 
Want one 
When you see your dawg start catching feelings 
when you really fw someone 4 hours be feeling like 30 mins
Trying my Santa suit on ready for the Jingle jog tomorrow it’s huge 
Nick Saban called out Ohio State's 31-point loss to Iowa, then SportsCenter had Urban Meyer on to respond 
So true bruh
 had a great dunk tonight! Love you BFF even though you mad 
 we are on our way to paint and throw a few pots 
I know that hurted Oregon
She was litttt
Mannnnn you’re so bogus for this pic 
How UPS Workers Training For The Holidays 
Dad: “He lied right to my face”
Mom: “what he supposed to lie to your ass” 
THEY DONT STOP OR HUNK THEY SPEED UP BRO LIKE ITS WILD 
These busses out here don't care I swear they be trying to hit me 
Cursive 
Congrats to my brother!! Now tell me why it looked like it hurt to get on one knee
This made me laugh at 
Amazing :) 
1 more sleep; I don’t want to scare the attendees or judges but Ive made a couple of sauces 
Joel Embiid says his ability to draw fouls makes him "the James Harden of the bigs" 
Happy birthday to one of the funniest people I’ve ever met
Baker already getting some reps in for next week. 
“Big headed freak” 
Take your car travelling without those extra miles 
Best idea ever 
When you leave Kansas and and end up not going to school there so the whole state hates you 
Best congratulations EVER. 
If they all had the buttas on I would’ve lost it 
You better not miss that bus 
My selection of clothes may be super tiny but at the very least I have enough to mix up staple items 
 that’s why half backs shouldn’t try and stop a maul!!
I still shop in next 
Butler beating Ohio State is enormous for the program.Better luck next time Coach 
Feeling a bit bleary this morning but a fab night the ball. Finding red sequins in all sorts of funky places! 
Unlucky mate 
Cheers guys, should last me atleast a couple of days!! 
 what's going on here? 
When the man 
Nearly had you......
Come on Amir 
It’s rivalry week. 
 what happened to your polls Uce?
Jonny may 
Always nice to see a few familiar faces 
I mean, are you really a blogger if you don’t wear your jacket on your shoulders 
Just me or does Chris look and sound like a long lost brother of 
Wait for it 
Cele refers to Nomvula as “little girl” bathong 
Liverpool always bring my mood up on days like this
When you go riding and you're so slow that your phone picks up that you've been running at a healthy pace 
There’s a fine line between running towards a storm & chasing rainbows 
Very few people know the truth to this slide. 
Don't judge my Photoshop skills. There is a reason it looks fake. Not the stars though. 
"Lions, they don't recover like humans."

"We're doing the lions thing again, yeah?"


Daniel Sturridge finding out about his pace on FIFA 18 is the funniest thing I’ve watched today 
 my problem is am listening to your show I haven't slept since and it's almost 4oclok and  must be at work at 6am 
Lol Enkosi Spha unicorn hahaha 
Just finishing our first bit of exercise (1500m swim) since 
 did you send this? You meant to be resting! 
When you go shopping for babyclothing, see a very cute sweater, but realize you really can't give this to a baby in RSA 
This cracked me up 
Beta 2 is here—and with two tickets to Bootstrap theming paradise! 
“Once in a GT the man with the hammer is coming. Now you got to push him away.“ 
Q: "So Bernd 
They got me today...shots will be reassessed for tomorrow!! 
Call of Duty brings anger and rage out of me that I never knew I had 
 YAAAAAS 
I'M THE GUY IN THE BACK 
My goodness, you just make a man laugh 
Names that Scelo calls me by:

NoLwando
Rubbish
Bheyps


Lmao you want me to do a 
You call me "rubbish" all the damn taaarrrrm 
 you're the cutest 
You bodied me 
Up and ready for 
What ...us Twins both in shorts! 
Come on be fair I'm getting so much...........
Yo Twin...Tiger is on the run, hope your little legs can keep up! 
You two are full of shit
Anyone care to challenge with the legend 
All my friends are dead 
Opossums stay gettin’ lit off the liquor. Remember this nigga here 


Opossum breaks into liquor store, gets drunk on bourbon
A fun season 
It's no longer Taco Tuesday... but you can certainly be Taco-liscious any day of the week! 
So stoked guys!!!! Going to be a delicious  Sunday!!! 
1650 SENTER RD

We're in stitches watching 
Becasue what’s uglier than a Xmas sweater??? An Xmas sweater VEST 
Ok so this is the deal. Matt and Ross bet me $100 I couldn’t guess a plot line in one of the episodes. I did...so here I am showing off my sweet victory 
Yes please!! 
Watched 
FIRST 2 SHOWS AT @gothamcomedyclub TONIGHT at 8p & 10p! Come! 
I’m done. I should know better than to log onto twitter anymore...
After mom 
“Damn, that’s bleak as hell, baby” 
Honestly? I commited a few Felonies n thats only 3 tracks in 
Thank you Ms Ashley! I’ll get on your back for a push up anytime 
These guys 
My Rhodes is in the shop for a week! WTF am I gonna do?! 
Big Poppa Gibbs 
This will get you slightly hyped 
We have 
STIVERNE GOT ME HYPED TALKED ALL THAT MESS AND GOT KNOCKED OUT IN THE 1ST ROUND I'M STILL HOLDING THE REMOTE
For sure gotta get 
Brian Shaw & Luke Walton beat Lonzo & Kuzma after 5 rounds of Around The World.

Kuzma said B. Shaw (aka 'king trashtalker') got in his head & kept calling him "short dog" b/c he kept missing short, and then guess what? He kept missing short  
every time i post this meme very well-intentioned but misinformed people think it’s my son 
"let me see what you have.."
"a knife"
"NOOOOOO" 
Chill Shep 
I'm never deleting twitter 
Why you don’t follow me back on ig den ?
That puppy going ham on that titty 
Fifth Harmony at 
ahhhh, thank you! drugs. can’t live with[out] ‘em, can’t live without ‘em. 
girls are weird as fuck 
Happy national dog day 
This is one of the funniest things I've ever seen. My favourite bit is the epic slow-mo of 
I was on a boat. 
That was me. 
when 
yeah but we first have to build the solidity IDE 
Oh oh... I see the end of VirtualBox on the horizon 
Fat Joe is killing it 
s/o 
This nigga Fat Joe 
Fat Joe so New York 
 Hillary’s First 100 Days
Right!? 
Stooppppp! 
Haha we can take him to tipsy tiger 
Hahahahaha Gary Payton is going in on the sidelines. 
Solid reminder that I made an indie film: racing to the mix stage with a thumb drive and leftover pizza in a paper towel in my pocket 
Issa yak and skills block party! Come join the fun and please bring dessert to share and your own chairs
I'M SCREAMING 
Gutsy day from 
Yessss 
Marner & Martin 
Idk hats going on but I'm crying 
Please say a prayer for this dudes ankles! 
Having so much fun right now! Thanks 
When you attempt to look cool with a car out of your league. 

Style points=ZERO 
Loss of man points=exponential 


LeBron was too hyped about the Ohio State game 
Having a smart friend..pays off
"Tired as hell, Coach" 
Actually the opposite Ced. In my gym the sign reads, “Drop the MF weights. Then make loud inaudible gorilla grunts like an idiot. Then laugh hard”. I know it’s a very long sign to read. My gym. My rules. 
Caption this 
One of my favorite parts of the podcast with Jaylen Brown: Quick message to fans who think they can go 1-on-1 with NBA players 
Gotta love Boston Fans lol...nickname suggestions?? 
NFL PLAYERS TRY NOT TO LAUGH AT THE WORST JOKES 
I swear this video killed me...I had no idea that I was that bad in high school 
Man don’t tweet me no nonsense like this. You know wsp with me 
Steph Curry's season highlights 
You are not the "FATHER" 
Steep approach 
Got the band together for tonight's home visit! 
"Just keep one tab open to the Download-A-Thon and when it feels like the entire internet is a used car salesman trying to bully you out of every dollar, you’ll have an ad-free sanctuary to go laugh and unwind." 
Joel Embiid says his ability to draw fouls makes him "the James Harden of the bigs" 
“A graveyard of memes.” 
 thanks so much for taking the time to see us tonight! I know Nathan loved to see you and joke with you so much. He's Probably still cheering you on and playing jokes on you from heaven 
Golf can give you so much joy & make you want to punch yourself in the head, all in one day 
I’m hearing rumours that 
We had to buy a new tree for the new house and it’s finally up and decorated!! Still need a tree topper (any ideas? I was thinking the HP sorting hat 
Chewy chai chocolate chunk cookies should score me an A+ in alliteration for a recipe title 
Been a fan a full 2 weeks now. Going great 
A day for patience which is always a struggle for me 
 I’ve always had a pretty good relationship with SANTA!
Morning all. Not been on 
Great pic from yesterday’s 
 they acted like someone spilled a drink 
Like hang? Really? That’s all you got? We’re not monkeys I’m not tryna just haaaang out. Ok ending rant 
 very good 
. All day. Everyday 
 you are queen after all 
Large hands and 
Fun new workout game: Everytime Richland scores a touchdown, do 10 push-ups. You’ll have arms of steel by halftime 
 “Out First round?? State champ baby
Safe travels as champions. Hope you enjoyed watching us win it all 
Shhhh I’m tryna snipe 
Dawg missed the bus, this shit so funny Bra I swear 
“Dey gone lower my speed on Madden,” “I look like I was movin doe?” Team: NOOOO!
"I'm here without Harambe" 
When you that mad you don't give a fuck bout a helmet 
R.I.P DONALD 
3 MAN RUSH?!?!?
right lol
Every Cowboy lost is a Redskin win
I CANT BREATHE 
This is the funniest video on the internet right now 
Good morning beautiful people... Here's a story about Troy Polamalu ruining my life 
Lol bra shut up 
1/4 Let me save some researchers time
When you try and be cool w/ bae after you get caught lying 
Heyyyy that’s meeee
Good point, 
Isaiah Wynn with the SEC Championship photobomb 
Thanksgiving have you like.....
I put you on 
"THAT'S A 50" 
Dawg!!! 
Happy birthday goofy 
When you have to wait a full week for another FCA big group meeting...but then you realize it's actually only 5 days away 
He just almost caught a body 
 cryin
I'm crying
Album coming very soon.... 
That’s yo hitstick foolie aha
This how defense should be 
Why do people try and get relationship advice from Twitter 
Thankful for these crazy humans 
Husband: you’re as beautiful as the day I met you.
Me: you don’t have to say that. I know I’m a mess.
Him: well that’s also true.

Commentary may be a new talent I've found, but seeing into the future may take some practice 
Being Santa for a good cause 
Can't believe how many caddies I have to choose from now 
 for all my foreign friends
Waiting for it to please DH 1 and DH 2 
Phil asked this youngster a question.

And got an honest answer. 
On shuffle working. Always reminds me of being a kid 
Apparently Tiger can’t chip 
 Man City are so good this season they're still scoring at Stamford Bridge without being there...

- 40': Kolarov
- 64': Dzeko
- 70': Dzeko
Got a new follower today. 
These Scottish fans at Wembley 
Bike ride with the champs lasted 6mins 
So my pull out game ain't up to par 
Looking forward to seeing old friends today 
"Look smart. Play smart!" 
Thanks mate 
 would probably sell more copies with the pic of me 
 nice one mate the boys will be happy now 
That was the best. I love Chicago. Go Cubs! We did it! 
 is this 
Shelvey celebrating in front of Cabaye 
The face you put when you find out you're officially a magpie! 
Any ideas where we are now? 
 fan rings just for a bit of a chat with chris Coleman 
Funniest guy in pro football 
Filmed this for CBBC ... now a shameless plug to you lot too 
Pathetic quitters... 
I'm still laughing about fingerlings 
In the great words of Happy Gilmore "Look whose Closer" 
Conor McGregor court footage leaked? 
“Oh, fuck off” 
I screamed so loud in the airport I woke up 100 people 
The beginning of the end for 
Never in your silly ass life, compare Lebron to any player playing. He isn’t comparable to anyone. One of the GOATS. KD had the nerve to say LBJ passed the torch to him 
 is slowly turning into one of my favourite people, his entertainment is top draw and every sport needs a character like him. He doesn't give a fuckkkkk 
Why did they put him on blast like that?!?  
Get off the fence, which boys are better? 
It's no Lads of the Ring 
Despite popular belief I’ve actually sold some, that’s what makes it funny 
When CT called him out on his 70 million dollars 
Here's that 
A mini FWA ACADEMY reunion last night! Some 17 years on we still haven't made it to 
You know what? 
Amir Khan did well didn't he 
Just gonna throw this out there... 
I just realized after watching 
Aimee is all the goals in this sneak peek from Monday's new episode of 
Kirra vs Thanos 

Kirra laying down the law.  
Mean mugging and putting fists up since day one. 
Muscles, Fat rolls.....same thing.  
Black Twitter Is About To Show Out 
My reaction when someone told me Mc Lyte got married to a man 
 thank youuu 
When you're trying to do a postgame interview but LeBron is watching the Buckeyes 
One more teaspoon of honey champ! 
 me and my princess !!! I will NEVER have that "im a detective" mustache again 
Also just added,(boy what a show)@ 
A few moments of 
This week’s 
Our very first interview in Arabic...! Native speakers, don't laugh 
This catcher on this Iowa Cubs doesn't mess around 
This house is full of jealous Micks tonight 

Aspen sad face makes me happy
Very excited to be at the House of Lords to talk about the incredible response we've had from you wonderful people to 
Sometimes I just look on my timeline and think..... what happened to you! 
Someone called my work 'cheap' this morning!! Nice people I work with right! 
For the first time in my life I just fed a troll!! It felt good! 
One of the funniest things iv seen in ages 
Can’t believe it’s the last show in the Lakes! Tour begins nxt wk. . Thanks 
Cringe 
Boufal not realizing it’s one way glass then 
Remember, this guy is the most expensive footballer on the planet 
Tag a mate who's lethal from the spot 
My kids always asked why the city fans sung "where were you when we were sh*t" and I was like "I was playing" 
Follow the link on the home page to email me if you will be wanting to order a copy of my album! (Or know anybody that does and isn't an internet guru! 
Watched this earlier..... 
10 year old Robert Snodgrass terrorising teams at school level, me and my old dear promised him £5 a goal back then I'm sure he scored about 80 goals that season 
The ultimate horseman - 
Duel Gr1 winning jockey Oisin Murphy before his 1st ride in UK. Using his passport to get across toll bridge into wales 
Mike Parry’s trending... 

it’s time for this..
When your dad 
Everyone it's my mum you all loved from 
Can anyone else tell this week has taken its toll on me 
Isn't that how the game goes? 
You 2 back in the hotel eating the cheese 
Haha in it to win it 
She wants a £10k signing-on fee, £1k a week, £1k goal-bonus, £500 assist-bonus and more importantly a bottle of rum after every game. If not she's going Runcorn Town. 
Over to you 
A warning about Labour’s impact on the economy from the Absolute Boy himself! 
Life really can be a drag! 
This could be the video of the year!!! 
 This is the best thing I’ve seen today.
Ashley Baines, good man Trevor Francis 
Crying 
Just caught up on last night’s 
Sunday league beauts of my acquaintance. Get on the 
Yeah, because 'underdogs' (
 last year all of our decorations ended up at the top of the tree due to this little man, hoping for things to be left alone this year now he’s a bit older! 
Never forget the day, a girl leaving my house I got her a taxi on my Hailo second she left got changed from card to cash 
Mind the mannequin 
Regman with a side sweep like his father!! 
I took on Alain’s 
New riding crop being made!!!! 
This child cracks me up! Laughing his head off watching the tele!
Think someone needs to get to JELLI STUDIOS quickly!
 held at the dazzling 
hello 
Forgot to say it was a left footer 
Just walking round ikea with the ex whilst swiping left on tinder 
Wtf am I seeing here 
Such strong banter from Andy Murray! 
When your physio gets involved in the session 
Manchester that was peakkkkkkkkk SUPER PEAK 
Somehow they allow people dressed up in Mario Kart costumes to zip around Tokyo. It’s called MariCar 
Janet Planet the Ledge! 

 True ravers only come for the ever-diverse and brilliant music and to have a great time 
It couldn't get any better for 
shout out to the best teamies 
personally think we were rocking this look 
Road trip to Arran with my girls. Had such a good day, made even better watching 
How I'm feeling after dinner with 
Looking Good Bricey now for some new Tunage 
10 hours on a bus today and with 20 mins to go me and 
There has never been a more competitive family. 
Goals in the Champions League 2017/18 

Oxlade-Chamberlain: 1
Arsenal: 0


NEW at 
Sounds like it 
Want a good laugh?? Press play.
When you TRY your best to Perfect your Profile Picture. 
This Kiwi's reaction to NZ no longer being in the RLWC is hilarious 
 exactly my feelings
When your Jam comes on !! 
My weird elbows won’t let me be great...
Gunna start sending both formats from now on i think,zips are gunna be massive tho 
Buddy was trying hard not to look at 
When a woman has a baby why does she wanna be size 10 the week after 
Yes, 
You've got to be mad to do music... 
ALL THAT DARTH VADER TALK 
THE CHAMPION  * champions league theme
No caption needed for this one 
 Nolly wood actor days
He got curved into 2018 
You gotta love him 
Look how MR T bad up rocky and his chick 
When you randomly loose your drink during 
"I will NOT adopt a child in Skyrim, fuck that shit" - 
 
Claudio Gino ginelli wants feedback on his electro house dubstep driven trap house progressive banger 
miraculously, iv come to the realization that he probably is going to play both ur dubs 
 Throwback to that time me & my don SP MC had an imaginary freestyle battle with an imaginary mic 
Never realised the bass had the vip stage literally shaking until now 
Martin Taylor is a troooollll 
The last one 
I still got it 
Always nice to see a few familiar faces 
Just raged to some thief at a fish market 
Of course you'd leave it up to 
Fuck it, I don’t win at life but maybe I’ll win this 
Are you going to go over and do the worm 
Last night was a madness 
It hit me
Seth Rogan making a film about FYRE is probably the best news to come out of 2017 
The replies on this 
We need to start a 
What an absolute sound guy 
The 'Woof Tang Clan' are getting sued 
Drake is all of us 
The best thing you’ll watch this year..

Beats all Christmas adverts 
Who's already excited for tonight? 
Some of the fakest people tweet the most amazing quotes that they themselves don’t even live by 
Baby Spider Xan 
I'll go if he doesn't 
Some birthday... can't believe there were handing out some cake 
When you’re drunk but you can still PXTTERN 
Big Shaq has made it to the House of Commons 
Although I may look like a garage MC in this pic, I'm actually a producer. Check out my tunes here 
Had a lot of fun making this 
Awesome session today.... ahhhhhggg just want to release it all 
"I think this is the only thing from Detroit techno that has a harmonica in it." 
Made a start at the new “unofficial” music vid for 
What do you think to our cheeky Sunday cover of 
This made it to a blog?? 
The weyrey dey my body
Oh my Lordy 
Oi mandem stop letting girls make you take them out so you can pay for their food and let them take a picture of your knuckles and finger tips at the dinner table. It's not enough. Your better than that. Know your worth 
Wagwan tho? Where is all the Arsenal fans at? Talk to me 
Just hella grunting going on right now. I don't even know what kind of porn this guy watches. Defo no the same as me 
Some of you take social media way to serious 
I’m catchin fkn ppl who supported self-admitting abusers a month ago goin “damn if u lik this guy then fuk u!!!” Lmao 
2017 Internet defending ppl like Manson & X damn I give up 
sum real evil shit when friends don’t support friends in their creative pursuits cause they doin similar shit to u. I get biting is an issue but fuk it’s 2017 every1 got a copy of th latest free sample pack online chill 
Always a fun day at the apple 
"Man walk around with grands in their pocket, he walks around with his gran in his pocket" 
 no diss tracks god willing.
Im just watching 
They tried to get rich and switch without getting rich 
 has been saying "ice city jewels with no pity" all this time i thought it was some next gibberish
 with a side of 
Can't wait for Wenger to sub off Lacazette at halftime for Welbeck 
Salah 
Thanks for the throwback natjazpope 
This guy 
 You need to give 
Spec kills me
 tweet of the month 
 sick show so far you was just going in with the nursery rhymes 
 I'm dead
Uncle 
Literally watching 
If u don’t have 
Who makes these? 
 This was funny 
Really?? 
How nice of this young man to teach the police something new... pfffff 
This is going to be jokes!!! You ain't ready! 
When your that guy in the squad that has nothing to offer! 
The only performance better than Ozil’s tonight goes to 
  Find out who 
Today Out of Bounds is offering work out tips to the one & only Wiz Khalifa 
Maybe don't rock with 
Gil thinks it should be a wrap for Richard Pitino after the Alabama game 
We aren't the world's most dangerous sports show for nothing 
I love that 
I love this!! 
100% bomb! What a beaut! 
They look even better as an album cover
Can you see me in the 
How you just gona type "No" and not even add a "LOL" 
He's got jokes! 
 When your dream became a nightmare. 
Thanks for the moral support, 
Am I the only one that never checks my 
This is the edit we needed 
Adding Super Smash Bros sounds to animal videos 
Some of these are painfully accurate 
This is probably a slightly bigger clue to who our 2nd co-host is! 
Get in and see elder claus 
Excuse my proof 
Did a little overwatch tonight, but moved over to outlast, old game but scary. Made me jump a few times. I'll have to watch you play one day, see if I have any competition 
I forgot about twitter 
Facebook Live for tv is a winner 
Dom mispronouncing EMMERSON MNANGAGWA is too funny!! 
 the only reason I'm watching is for 
Feeling like a jar of Marmite right now... 
(Watching Star Trek Discovery)
Me: “So, they can just instantly travel anywhere in the universe now??”
Rebekah: “Yeah, using the navigational power of the Giant Water Bear’s magic nipples.” 
And it’s time to read all your comments! 
The face my dog made when we pulled into the vet parking lot
Any tears are good tears 
Actually laughing out loud at 
Enemy detected outside.

Found this on 
Like, are we really surprised? Come on people. Once thirsty, always thirsty. 
 all part of the journey mate.
 no worries mate. Would have flattened my little lad but he’s a belter.
Even tho she’s poorly she’s still a happy bubba and had me in fits of laughter today
What the hell was that?! Ggwp 
And no one guessed the score 
Met a fan, he asked for a photo, but suddenly his phone died 
Well well well we through the group stage. Dunno how dat happend but I’m happy 
If we came for 0-0 how’d you concede 3 goals? 
Hahah!!! Maybe you can tell our 
.. Sorry I couldn't help myself
Toff's impression of Amir might just be the best thing we've ever seen 
When you haven’t slept and you have to be awake in 4 hours 
HAHAHA 
 loving the live call 
I think I’m in love with 
Chris-tmas... lul 
Congratz to 
Who will lose? 
If Ubi ever does an Australian Season, I hope it'll be something like this.

Have to say I also don't see much wrong there, can't ban someone for a shaky spray. Else we have to start with 
Stop looking at the ball Daniel! 
Two dudes one controller w 
 please make this real 
Michigan State pulling a C9 in the 
This is a SoundCloud civil war! 
Not sure who would be more offended by this 
The delayed reaction still makes me chuckle 
Disturbing footage has emerged from after the Swansea-Leicester game last month. Authorities are trying to identify this troublemaker. Apologies all round! 
We know our place at Leicester City, Dave. West Ham's last major trophy was 1980. They're a MASSIVE club. We've done nothing out of the ordinary in recent years so it's kind of understandable we get airbrushed sometimes 
bruh we just had an earthquake 
Sleeping schedule officially RIP. Goodnight 
Nothing but respect to 
Even if I did have to rip up my match report when Jorge Grant smashed in the winner 
Better keep yo shit on you, you never know 
I fucks with the way FYC hypes themselves up 
Are the devil 
Manual is the funniest human being I've ever met 
Stay in your lane, stop worrying about other people 
 well I think I've lost the pewdiepie giveaway.. I'm a bit sad if I gotta be honest. But who ever won it, congrats!! And i hope you will like it, specially the double thickness comfort like 
That was a baptism of fire!  Great sport. I’m going to love this. Next stop 
Ha ha ha he’ll laugh at that. We said that earlier 
Finally hit legend with aggro Druid. Am so happy rn. Can finally fuck off in wild with Remo priest 
Like why do people get this salty at rank 17 on day 1 of ladder reset. I don't get it. 
I just took a jacuzzi bath with 
My dog looks stoned 
Cold you my mans but I had to do it
This Nigga Floyd Really 50-0 if you count this 
NEW FAVORITE VIDEO 
A pretty cool Paul slo-mo video from Mark Ayuson, but we can't stop staring at Paul's hair! 
Just copped for my flight in 5 hours 
Lmfaoooooooo 
 So cute, she stopped me from playing mvci. 
I'm dying 
Liverpool supplying the comedy in this second half 
Jimmy Bullard with the best version of 'Mans Not Hot'! 

Wow... 
In the morning, I will welcome the laser into my skull and my eyes will be forever changed. If there is anything you want these ol’ peepers to see before they get the zap, best say it now. 
idk why im laughing so hard 
Looks like they're selling 
I can't stop laughing at this interview 
  proper give it some here 
Real talk, who remembers Amanda Bynes mom getting stuck on a hot air balloon? Shit scarred me as a kid 
6 days left on my Kickstarter! Gonna be so weird when it's over! It's been a long, overwhelming, wonderful month 
The guys at 
The first thing I do when I hear this phrase 
Playing in the 
Enjoying my down time relaxing & letting my hair down. Maybe just aswell Cadbury world was sold out. Think I better get back 2 the gym 
F**k you 
Think the PACman has found his new favourite spot & making his own wee bed 
What's ET doing sitting in my garage 
Can’t wait to watch this 
Looks like a play and a miss too me!! 
Is there a 28 day returns policy after the way he trained this morning ?? 
So this is where all the magic happens, ready for take off 
Because we are so photogenic 
68000 of 75000 is 90.67%

That's an A+. You are busy hating on Cassper Nyovest but you can't even get 40% to qualify to write an exam. 

BITCH SIT DOWN, BITCH BE HUMBLE 
Watch out ladies 
You're such a dick! 
"He is currently unemployed" 
 as brave off the bike as on it... Excellent docu....Phillipa as Robert Millar was my hero when I raced and met him at Liege Bastogne Liege.. Brusque! 
Ruptured ACL but who cares after a 95th minute winner 
 / Congratulations to our October winner 
We really had you fooled but it's time to announce: I am actually 2017’s Sexiest Man Alive! 
TONY VALENCIA BABY! 
 The comments on this are amazing... 'Big Brother Communism', 'Lefty Green bias'. If Meat Free Mondays trigger you that much you can always just nip to Greggs on the way to work.
Man like Harry! 
I’ve seen it all now 
 in 1999...

Pete Sampras bt. 
We were lucky enough to get a rare look at 
A owl 
 is cracking me up this morning 
Thats the truth!! 
Mae Martin 
Overheard No.6 Bus: 'Aye, I know he was on the heavies, but that's no excuse for me to find him passed out in my car boot this morning' 
Here's Dan showing us his interpretative dance routine for 
The dance I do when I'm at the top of the leaderboard 
yo 
Giles and Mary from 
You and 
Somali moms ain't playing that vegan life 
Our room cleaner 
 we are on our way to paint and throw a few pots 
Happy Sunday!!! 
Hey I could get used to this 
This cockatoo knows who's boss 
Did you know 
They must’ve all taken a few too many blows to the head if they think they felt any chance at all 
Black out curtains working well 
Wanted to see 
Busy week at the beeb 
West Ham's formation v City this weekend. 
I’m a Day late, but better late than never right 
I’ve now been twitter shamed into having this for breakfast. About 23 of my 5 a day. 
Double bag it, taxi five miles away and hide it in a public bin (ideally under other rubbish), whilst wearing gloves. I'm not some sort of novice! 
From a spotty faced kid to a spotty arse man ! 
Looking forward to watching Brooke on 
“I love coming on your show, great way to end an evening” Bradley Walsh 
Haha. They’re pretty ‘stand alone’, but I like the idea that you might miss out 
Podcast profile pic that didn’t make the cut 
I think anyone reading this knows what you want to do 
Does anybody have a time machine I can borrow please? Need to travel back in time later...

(The clocks change tonight! 
 well done 
Chris Coleman is doing a radio phone in for fans to ask questions. Some fella just called in....”no questions really, just rang for a chat.....I’ve been on the cans” 
I can't even express how excited I am for 
Wakes up in morning. Opens phone. Checks notifications. Battery sufficiently charged. 
Best line I’ve heard for ages “don’t her wig/weave smell musty” 
Quote of the day he is some size from here 
 imagine after all that he doesn't have a johnny and they won't do anything without one 
Are you callin me a liar??? Well, I ain’t callin you a truther! 
Happy bass drum taking in the scorching Rome sun 
Still getting questions about dress code 
My own live human mic stand 
Do you need me? Do you think i'm pretty? Do I make you feel like cheating? 
A typically under-stated celebration from our November champion today 
"Six seasons of Jason Momoa"

Someone is about to get a real lesson on how 
That time Mick McCarthy shit himself over absolutely nothing 
U need some new material mate 
I’m in fort worth Texas, where should I
Tough day at the office for these Bellas 
When you’re dating someone who you thought was faithful but then you catch them... watching an episode of your favourite show without you!! THE BETRAYAL!! 
Can’t wait to get back on the road with 
Dog! It’s like talking to Busta Rhymes 
Stolen from a homie but he lived next door to me so I get to post it first! 
chill family
Get out your feelins 
I'm "Reclaiming My Time" back on 
Thank you for the support! Tell a friend to tell a friend! 
Same mom, same dad 
You guys are so negative - decybell 
I just laughed so hard
BRUH IM WEAK 
Come for the 
someone in welly told me i look like meghan markle & its probably the best compliment i've ever recieved tbh
Wow I erm.. the boobs...I er thanks! 
Let's be honest. 
Young Simba....can’t complain 
Literally in love with Sue Perkins 
And Anaesthesia (can't upset 
Just rode my bmx bike inside the Xfactor show for a Episode of the IN & OUT challenge! 
Remember when people compared Joe Hart to David De Gea? 
Being filmed In BLACKPOOL In the new year what could possibly go wrong 
 Love it 
 telling them straight. 
This is absolute Class!! I fooking love all 3 of these legends!! 
“yo bro! What photoshop app do you use to photoshop the photoshop you just photoshopped?
Ffs I forgot to register for the events and now they're all full ! 
Go watch 
Thanks for all the support and nice comments while I was asleep, you guys are nuts 
here you go, it can't be bought you need to earn it!
THIS DUDE 
Great effort 
The US Navy had to apologise after a pilot drew a massive penis in the sky 
WOW: 
HILARIOUS 
 unfortunately I didn't
Got to be honest was more nervous standing over a 4ft putt today than I was in the 92nd minute yesterday however it was the same out come 
Eyeballs everywhere 
How’s Amir Khan gone in dressed like that 
 well played 
Ffs 
No way the bouncers in concert square are whipping out Batista bombs on Atalanta fans, look at the top left 
For god sake 
Oh ffs 
shock 
Congrats mate. He’s probably already bigger than me 
I’ve just been crying with laughter at this 
Straight off the pitch into a 
OMG! Something to LOL about 
Hire the right people. We have a no a**hole policy at Carbon - Joseph DeSimone 
Ha, the Daily Express think that global temperatures temporarily returning to the level of 2010 somehow constitutes an "ice age" 
 any donations welcome 
Keep up the good work 
Keep your head in the clouds... or even above them in 
"Gutted"about the last couple of days
One thing I can stomach is being back home with my girls 
At least one session per conference needs technical difficulties 
Yeah da Bois!! proud of the team work... should of won it though hahah 
Never give up on your dreams... 
It's a wet morning out there so stay safe on the roads and drive to conditions. More rain is expected for today so tune into the 
Good morning England!

Here's a summary of what you've missed from Adelaide today. 


DRS - 3

Jimmy Anderson - 0


This man dancing to Michael Jackson's ‘Remember The Time’ at a recent Janet Jackson concert absolutely KILLED IT. 
 is only saying what we all heard before or during the Perth Test 
We're helping out the incredible 
!

Superb commentary - watch out, 
Big fella being a bit of a loony - measured 5.6 on richter scale 
trust you and the family are well too my uce. Alofas
Bling It On, wow - late entry for the 
Damn sprint lanes. 
Apparently I suck at being an IG boyfriend 
My white mate from work messages me “that was bullshit bro let’s go beat up some Englishman” 
Would’ve been good to watch this with the Toko Cedric 
In Melbourne tuned in to 
A bunch of 'men' arguing about sabotaging a pot plant...this is too much 
In fairness to him, Cup week is a bloody long week 
Is this real life?! 
You're not at Rockpool with Fitzy 
I had Daniel Mortimer and the Cowboys block me and to this day have no idea why 
Last night bloke at the bar congratulated me on my win.

Not gonna lie, was pretty happy with getting confused for a 
Thought I was going to see a bloke cleaning toilets really 
Just drove from Floreat to Freo without stopping at any traffic lights. Really feel like I’ve now accomplished all I set out to do Perth 
So are 
A night at the Opera - Madama Butterfly - Giacomo Puccini. Almost as graceful as watching Winx but not quite. 
Best reaction 
Thanks for the laughs. 
King Callow, don't ever change! 
Mark Skaife  FIRED UP !! 
Literally me 
This ref doesn't need VAR!!!! 
That’s how Kendrick Carmuche 
So funny 
Rosebae 
They always messing up my order 
When 'Chompers' crosses the border! 
 first thing in the suitcase case mate!!
I wish Twitter would have a 
 This guy totally made my day. 
Always great fun working on the 
Felt like a home game 
Just sat in 
It’s rivalry week. 
Found it 
 tell em Nick!
Scoring a goal and looking for a high five from the other bench.. cocky I
These two 
On the subway dying listening to you guys talk about putting a giraffe in a box 
This shit had me crying for 10 min now 
Thanks Meg, see you in a bit 
When you randomly are saying “hola” to people as you walk by them instead of hello. 

Post 
Aw thank Nat 
Did we just become best friends?!

Rookies 
“LOOK WHAT I JUST WITNESSED AT DISNEYLAND” I’M DEAD 
Ryan White's dad is a savage 
today in nehiyawewin our elder taught us the verbs "to cook" and "to touch" and in true sexy nehiyaw fashion we learned how to ask: "can you cook me bannock and then touch me?"  

nehiyawak know how to do sexy 
Is it normal to get goosebumps and cry when you hear your favorite artists voice? Cause I’m forever crying to 
for all the boys in the Behne's basement from the hawks 
bro you hilarious
 boy if you don’t ask a S/O from ya brother 
Thank me Later 
When you see bae walk by in booty shorts 
Client 
Lebron got ejected for no reason 
Yo  
IM LAUGHING SO HARD 
4k after the bomb goes off? Why not! 
The rise of Pan Head begins... 
Easiest way to top 10? Don't land. 
Thank you bro for being the ultimate JUDGE OF CREDIBILITY FOR THE WHOLE WORLD 
Some how bro I will try 2 just keep pushing forward. Because my life wont b worth anything until I earn that respect from u again bro 
If WE do I am sure I would win a ring there too bro
My music goes from heart break to selling drugs mood in like .572628 seconds 
Lol I thought 
Naw fam 
The Real Mike Bibby 
The time 
Wasn't Me In That Video Y'all Funny Tho 
Lol instead of candy, I just gave out random shit..
Crazy When U Find Out How To Actually Spell A Word I Be Misspelling A Lot Of Shit My Whole Life Fuck It 
Ended up top 100 on the ladder!! Ggs to anyone who got smoked by me lmao
It’s funny watching 
Off to bed with me! Can’t handle anymore people who don’t understand what an opinion is. Goddamn I hate people 
Well then 
When you arrive like 3 hours late 
Me when playing cod 
Do social networks have a positive impact on US? (ironic on Twitter 
Lol I remember those days 
Today I learned what an Australian kiss was.

I laughed so much there were tears. 
JUST JOINED THE GYM.

Who's knows if I'll ever actually go though 
Introducing the noob microwave! 
One of the funniest 
this fella blagged his way on to babestation, i've never cried with laughter so much
"I don't wanna be told to grow  up and I don't want to change I just wanna have fun..." 
Backwards GSlide on IW 
You look cute in this pic I look a hot ratchet mess 
huge sale on 
Duuuuude
I don’t know if he’d let me though 
minipuzzle 01/12 
 Thanks for coming today Shane!
Ok, this made me laugh... 
Some people wanted to 
 just said Dennis Wise looks like Michael from GTA 
Check out the eyes on this duck 
Update: Days 1-5 are also now gone. I ruin it for myself 
Awesome
these are just getting better and better 
Rookies Kobe Bryant and Keyshawn Johnson learn how to deal with media, 1996 
LMFAO we must protect Jalen Ramsey at all costs
Man why did I put 
Baloney is the scariest thing 
THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE VIDEO 
Meet our members: Teddy Crowell has been a member since we opened, & says that she loves our boot camps, & getting tortured by Camilla 
My man came out the locker 
that stair.... 
 I was happy asf bro
Crying. 
THE INTERNET STAYS UNDEFEATED!!!!! 
this had me rolling 
When your son is inspired by 
If football coaches were honest 
Hurricane Dion done hit Miami 
 When 
Had to do it 1 last time 
Chubb Being Chubb you gotta Love It!!!
That feeling when you win 
 just kidding
This is straight up funny 
Kyrie Irving Be Running Like..
Eddie a real Og 
Caption this
This the best video I’ve ever seen 
There is no doubt Clemson is great but I am wanting Miami to return to elite team status! I got you coach! 
This is such a smart play 
How I'm curving hoes when I get a girl 
Has 
Coach you can’t question the refs... they always call it fair we know this... 
 pettiness level on 10,000 this morning 
Clemson going crazy 
So original 
Austin Peay's coach 
Ikea is like Narnia!! I've had to stop for a brew mid way to get my head around it all!! 
Must be so boring being an NZ All Blacks fan. Always predictable! At least with Wales we celebrate hard a win, as we don't get many! 
Started my level 2 hockey coach exam today! A massive thanks to my mentor 
A perfect way to spend this boiling sunny weather...in an ice rink!!! 
MY G ... You know I did the fur ting almost 2 year ago .. 
Not everyday nice pics!
That time I got koshed in the face 
Just talked bout this last night lol, you called it 
This is my "you're the luckiest man alive face" 
 I'll get practising 
I'm that extra counselor! Yes, I had a helicopter and HERO TRUCK come to Career Day 
The Lukaku situation? The one that was about 50 yards out with another defender covering? Why would that one be a red? 
When 2 teachers put on fat suits and compete & wrestle to demonstrate force 
King Imprint came to speak to the students about their dancing career! 6th and 7th graders went BALLISTIC! 

I have no idea who these youngsters were 
Chemo Duck 
And look what I leave behind for the Celts on my way out #1 pick
Lol i know them cougs tired of that siren by now 
 this is fantastic!
Thank u for all the beautiful online birthday wishes, phone calls & love. 

It’s pretty much done now but apparently there is a party 4 me at our gallery this week with around 1000 people coming

Also there’s some other little thing happening 
Hmmm I took my 
Calling all Pantomime Dames - we need your help!

 welcome to my world 
Ooooops in London then
Thanks for all the lovely tweets tonight Guys and gals glad we make you laugh 
Love it thank you 
Is it just me, or does it look like that cat is trying super hard not to stare? 
Look who is on 
Matching bag and shoes isn't only a woman-thing y'know! 
Can’t help but sit watching 
You know when you are like 15 mins in to the 
Ha ha! 
I felt someone staring at me, then I looked up and saw this 
The only reason I'm sharing this video is because it shows us the speed and power of social media. It's educational. Really, it is. 
Absolutely brilliant as always!! I've lost count how many times I've seen them but each time they get better and better! They make me feel like a 10year old fan girl 
I can almost 100% guarantee I'll lose the key
Can't get enough of these handshake fails 
Lil mama wasn't havin' it! 
We sure do love pups and great happy hour prices! Texas Tuesday means $3 Texas Pints and $3 Texas Liquors! Come in and enjoy a 
After being stuffed to the brim 
Yoooo, why’d you have to do 
“Tyrese & Will Smith Phone Call”


The technical way of checking if the runway is frozen...have 
“It weighs more than HE DOES” 

Rate my birthday present mr 
Hi Aja, poor donnie is really having a rough one huh
While everyone is focused on Flynn, the Russians, Robert Mueller, and the tax-bill...

I'm at the FCC, doing the grunt work. 
This one might be my favorite 
Yeah right one of those Disney villains disguised as a good guy. The way he did 
Ebuka: ... Mrs Adesua Etomi

Banky W /Crowd: Ehn??? Who is that?

Ebuka: Sorry... Mrs Adesua Wellington.

Crowd: Ehen.

Clips- I should tap this nigga Suge pockets
Goodz- Chill that might get uncomfortable 
Clips- Why what u think is in there?
Goodz- A box of fish sticks, a dollar worth of cheese, his keys, and a lunchable 


Jesus 
Daddy's No1 Fan (after mummy) 
I can’t carve pumpkins for shit. But here’s my masterpiece for this year. 
“He lasted seven minutes. He was gagging and sweating and shaking like a stripper but he made it. He made it.” 
This raider game look like a night club just let out 
Tell your boyfriend....your trade....side piece..... baby daddy......or that girl boyfriend to buy y’all tickets for 
including me
Crying @ bull dagger 
Thursday night is a hot mess 
Drake says he has a Birkin bag collection for his future wife but Comedian Jeff D says the bags are really for Drakeisha 
God Damn... Hide Ya Kids
I’m funny af 
All he do is burn you and don't even make sure you straight bitch you is dating a perm 
y’all he did that shit.
They said money bag yo look like michael Myers 
I’m too high for this 
Chance The Rapper did a SNL sketch as a hockey reporter 
Y’all.. look at this chic-fil-a rap video 
4 weeks 
Always makes me laugh when i see someone waiting at a crossing whilst on a jog just jogging on the spot 
Do you mean ‘The word on the street......’ 
Clearly love this city!!
BABES BUY YOUR DAMN TICKETS BEFORE IT SELLS OUT I WANT YOU ALL THERE! 
Duke fans soooo salty 
Our MD 
Five comedians in a lift! 
Yesss CDJ... who's a good boy! 
‘Tesla's recently unveiled electric truck will require equivalent power used by 4,000 homes for 1 recharge’

Fridays at hm
When ur wife left you and you decide to be creative with her tools to ease your pain 
 My mom and I are talking about the show night, we are still laughing. 
Thanks for the laugh 
How Superteams Gonna Be Looking To All The Other NBA Teams This Season 
“Stop actin like that cause you got all them muscles” 
Ok thank you for this much needed laughter tonight on Twitter 
Bro everytime Israel plays it’s like he’s trying to make clips for his own “like mike” remake 
Niggas got so faded we broke into a 4 part symphony 
Lil kids these days so wavy 
Dawg funny as hell 
Flooding my TL 
lol they hate this & its sooo funny 
I do legs now 
Do some damn legs 
The savagery by the Orlando Magic 
Our draws since 2012 in the Scottish cup have been crazy 
No Hibs again 
Kick off delayed now too 
hold on twitter i believe i got this one ... this dance is being recorded for quality insurance and training purposes headass...if you don’t pay for this $2 dance i will eliminate the human race headass.... mannequin genitals headass ..smack this ass for technical difficulty’s 
Bama football ain't played any competition until now and they took an L 
Wichita State shutting everyone up even with their best player gone. 
When Baltimore niggas meet DMV niggas 
LeBron keeps it real 
This for 
Russell Wilson be in the NFL using his “work voice” like the rest of us 
Got a notification from LinkedIn telling me 65% of people who searched me this week are personal stylists. 

Now I'm paranoid I need to start dressing better 
This is me losing my shit to Dad’s not cool jams. Literally crying from laughing 
I just spit a quick 16 to my moms, while dropping her off at the pharmacy. She said it’s my illest verse, even with the cuss words edited. 
What y'all think? 
 mikeonmaine 
Don't be an Emily! 
 as a white male I have no real, pertinent say in this of course. But I still think your channel 4 interview was absolute class and am very glad it happened.  Not just for the riling the trolls the way you have 
You are hilarious! Dusky 
Someone random on Wilshire Blvd offered me an avocado. Come on now actually? where are the cameras lol 
Shoot around for a 130pm game 
Bboys know how to draw 
“you don’t rush that...you know. this is butters.”  
You are NUTS!!! LOL Thanks for the shout out wit yo crazy self! 
in the process we trust 
Netflix and chill 
INNARDS!!!
Catch a biological disease in a Jacuzzi 
A friend of mine just texted this to me........
OMG 
Glassboro made it 
When it's your first day of your new job as a qualified nurse tea in this helps the nerves
Enjoyed spending time with my new Personal Tutor group this morning aka "Tolley's Dollys" 
Lol ive been there. 
Whos idea was it to give us white tunics anyway. 
YES WE IS!
We do love this comedy take on a classic favourite 
like Iain isn’t a pussy 
It’s been in Torquay since September 
Imagine being this fucking tragic tho 
L Love it! I completely forgot about similar scary stuff from my childhood. The Singing Ringing Tree OOFT!
I’ve finally got the warmth back into my fingers Ciara 
 great laugh. Can’t believe we were in the shop for 4 hours 
Crocs are king 
Was it just me who noticed this ..... 
Saoirse Ronan appeared on Saturday Night Live to teach Americans how to pronounce her name 
The Galway Team making an appearance - "is this the real Liam McCarthy?" 
Lads, if there was ever an opportunity to use the 
"No Ryan, I'll get hives" 
"Can an app be art?" 
Can you guess from this picture what the most quoted movie line ever is? 
 captains the 
You, 
Achievement unlocked: Get your mug on a Japanese news site! 
Great Exercise&Heath field trip to the Clent Hills last Friday, even if we did get lost 
Ever wonder what radio guys wear to work? 
She wants readyyy 
AMAZING: 
When it's raining and the takeaway's too far away 
The face 
This will make you smile 
Thank you both I bet you were sick of seeing us by the end of the afternoon 
Tourettes on a plane.... "WE'RE SMUGGLING COCAINE!!"  
Celebrated his 13th birthday with a parky 5k with the flyers .......best suprise so far 
Zero balls hit yesterday just didn't have the time but back on track today with 150 hit. Finding it tricky hitting the longer clubs at full speed but determined to stick with the changes. Little low stinger/worm burner action with my hybrid 
I’m done 
Daniel Sturridge finding out about his pace on FIFA 18 is the funniest thing I’ve watched today 
This you 
I'm done 
All Tampa dudes do is work out at crunch and go to macdittons happy hour 
Get to see my bro 
Another classic 
Chubby Chops 
stop it 
Took him from half to the free throw line 
I’m totally in a festive mood (since June when I developed this recipe 
In my element here 
Happy 1st Birthday to Chopped Newbridge! 
12 minutes to go. Who's counting 
Look who is famous on a beer bottle? It’s not just beer, it’s a@KaHoJakeLeung 
*pints 
Picking up 
Damnnn get off my trail 
what is keith sweat doing with 21 savage 
 king James 
Walked from the airport arrivals to the Novotel literally 20 meters away and already saw Tongan flags 
I’m forreal best friend 
Nothing says anti-gay like a spirited interpretative dance waving a rainbow flag 
Floyd Mayweather is lucky he's not fighting me tonight. 
I just joined the Instagram World. What have I gotten myself into?
“We” = football fan
I make shoe contact before i make eye contact 
How I'm walking in the crib for thanksgiving tomorrow 
This why i love New York 
I've watched this about 10 times and I can't stop laughing 
The funniest video on the internet right now 
Tween tween tween tween behind the back snatch curl 
shuperman 
I'd rather be a blood 
Bruh we need to fix this 
Or wide receivers must be fakes cause you were staying away from them today 
Before Snapchat and Instagram was around, this is where you showed off your shoes/outfit. Never forget where you came from 
He hasn't quite done enough to convince the referee there... 
Btw I’m “Playing with the Pros” this weekend and I can’t not share this promo poster by 
Saturday Smoothie off to a Roaring start!! 
If wisconsin had won, this playoffs would’ve been the most simple to choose. Of course it wasn’t that easy 
Can you imagine what would happen to arguments if 
These guys... 
Rugby with WWE commentary is brilliant 
When your mate buys you a shot and you have to drink it out of politeness 
Found the 
“It’s published in PLoS Two” 
This really made me laugh!! 
When both the President of France and Prime Minister of the Netherlands visit Ghana on the same day, Accra comes to a standstill. The traffic today is pure madness 
If your an International student who loves food, come be part of our foodie focus group on Wed 29 Nov 3:15pm-4:45pm. Get free food and £10 for taking part. Email Jiayi on J.Liu6@leeds.ac.uk, first come first served 
Me and Stoop thought we kind of matched with my blue shirt 
My bad! I don’t like losing!!! 
It didn’t even last half an hour! 
An old wifey in Forres garden centre cafe just tapped me on the arm and said “excuse me son, is it cold up there? There’s snow forecast for later, it’ll certainly be hitting you before it hits me!”
 Of course, or if you’re lucky you might get through just in time to start the beginning of the dance, The Finger Blaster! 
EVERY MOVE HIT ON BEAT !!! 
As far as I know I ain’t got no exes or “used to talk” to anybody 
I’m fucking crying 
Oh I should mention-- this is a page from Lucky Penny, our book which was published by 
all my songs r meant to inspire...read bottom comment 
Found this vid of me & my old roomie 
I need a nigga to love me like MARS love Nola Darling 
look! they spelled my name wrong! 
SURPRISE! 
Never thought the most catchy line of my hit single "May Flowers" would be about not taking xans and lean 
Anyone else having one of those days?
The nation can breathe again. 
 everyone drink whenever Cook peaks the audio yelling! 
 Tony Hadley spying Jorgie Porter and buzzing in rapid 
Tommy Thumb 
Look who got a selfie stick 
 Oh, Franco, C'mon, we all say stupid stuff at times 
"I say to them, 'You lucky, lucky little f---kers.'" So Noel Gallagher is exactly the type of parent I imagined him to be 
He wants to get randy with Randy 
Admit it. This is how many of you are feeling about your family's Thanksgiving gathering. 
When you realize you started writing upside down and backwards. Literally. 
Have you made your Thanksgiving plans? 
There’s some real weirdos at our campus
In honor of this Blue Friday, a few pics of my little 12 from last night. He painted (okay, his parents helped 
These kids were a trip! They ask the tough questions 
What gives 
 having a blast at the 
Wow not having a voice when I have to talk to people all day for work sucks 
I feel like this is what I look like when I listen to 
Maggie has just told the story when 
We all got to hear 
Laughed and cried (while putting on gig-face - not ideal
Great night in a great venue with great company, great artists and great songs.  Did I mention it was great???? 
Just another manic Monday... shooting a naked calendar for a fundraiser. Yep, I’m slightly proud, and scared 
 If it’s up to me, Books shall never go extinct! I shall hoard them and share them and love them forever.
•••
Tell me, would you ever let physical Books die?
Sometimes my husband does this for me 
I’ve never actually had this problem before and I’m pretty sure it’s because I am relentless about bringing my book with me no matter the size. 
These are out of hand 
From @foster_furbabies: “.
SPICE: FosterMommaaaa! Make him get off! 
ME: 
Big thanks to Mike 
One time, it was my fault that Manchester Council *had* to increase top bosses’ salaries by 60% 
When you're the office hero... 
TREAT yourself to tickets for 
Absolute diamond this guy 
Also in the news: 
And he's bringing little Sammy Lee with him... hahahahahaa  ...
Consider us told! 
Mac Donald's GMOs, Marlborough cigarettes & alcoholic beverages are healthier... for $$ industries! 
Why bother to learn a language? Well...
Pretty accurate 
A genuine thanks to all those who have supported 
Proper Mancs. Enjoying Nasi Lemak grub in the rain. 
You gyal have hella confidence telling everyone you wear wigs now 
 True? Nah!! 
Me too! 
Throwback to Kanye West' delightful selfie at the Super Bowl last year 
Loafers with the white socks 
Layover in New York so left the airport to get Sammy's Chicken & Rice 
My sister messaged me saying "Aag lah thayyyeeee" her event was soo lit the roof was literally on fire 
 HA!! Yep!
Hahahahahahaha can't believe this video. This world gets worse and worse 
We're live at ten telling your 
aaahh the good ol' Metrolink
Just called a woman to tell her she’d won a prize and she was halfway through a 
Me and Loz was on next level annoyingness today 
Sometimes the worlds just unfair 
Lol what hotel is that Ry?! 
It’s a UMM... Moomin Giraffe? 
It's really dad proof 
HAIRNET SELFIE 
Those kind of days where the ONLY remedy is to drink a carafe of coffee and eat something delicious to cheer you up, we are here to help!! 
They know my exact mood when I’m "Hangry" 
Christmas Lists 
Can't believe I got to be on set! Go watch the full video!! 
Tag someone who's day could be saved by Wuntu! 
PET PROBLEMS!!!!! 
Such a good night 
Absolutely had us howling with laughter! Amazing act, loved it - absolutely buzzing 
When Waititu and Sonko see 
This thread 
What on earth are Members of Parliament in South Africa on? 
Ok everyone on Instagram is saying we should be the band for 
Just registered to vote after watching this 
Another rocker on stage!!! 
Amazing scenes as 
CLASSIC: Ally McCoist's story on Paul Gascoigne and his two trout. 
Pogba is awful 
England fan scores with a paper aeroplane at Wembley 
Prankster Lee Nelson was at it again today this time handing Theresa May a P45 during her cough speech...
1-0 already
Best blindfolded penalty ever! 
 is getting soft in his old age, 
The shit might get a few seconds at the end again
Dirty Leeds 
Today just gets better, this man is now 1/5 to get the Albion job 
Just reading the local paper and there I am 
Just saw a group of lads dividing out their yokes before they head to the Ireland game. 

I guess this is the part where I assume it must be to make soccer more interesting? 
Okay who gave her a bag of Haribo 
My mum being down with the kids and using ‘Deliveroo’ as a verb. 
U16 Hockey team National Schools South semi finalists, so proud of this team in tonight's game, result didn't reflect their amazing effort, hard work and team spirit. 2 great goals 
What a tweet 
Jo and Sparky will be back with another Facebook Live at 8:00am tomorrow and you can catchup here: 
Sparky's nerding out over the new Star Wars trailer. All Jo can think about is how shiny Chewbacca's coat looks. 
Yes we’ll stick to Wednesday, we just got excited with first ep 
It's SHOWTIME darling!

RT if this is you every B&M shop 
A big happy 45th birthday to my not so little brother Stu! Pretty sure I was a much better looking child than you (guess which one I am?). Clearly, in our older years,  I got the brains, you got the looks....and .
 comrade has suffered.
People boldly step out and call this bullying 
This makes alot of sense 
Tag those people who act strong yet....
For the people at the back of the line. 
May FOMO prevail. 
Guys who buy tickets last minute have been found out. 
Lengeera embaata
T-Pain out here breaking lyric hearts.. See 
 I am not sayin I know wat U're talkin about... I am not sayin I don't
This is a classic 
Just for the gram
Mercy predictions yangu no Chelsea3 new castle 1 
There's also....... "Nze me"

 "me as I am"
Just block them in advance i guess 
Man I've also been quite worried 
You guys are so rude. You guys are going to end up alone 
Here's 
 vibing midweek feels 
Kenyans are something else 
Away from Kasarani stadium, 

 ain't moving out of kenya any soon. 
Loool, Day Made.. 
Hahahaha! That 
A jungle 
But then this 
OMG.. the violin instrumental.. I'm dying here 
What gift would you give to your boss on his birthday?
Guess kile nilipea 
I'm so done with you! 
New York is a pop culture legend, she’s still giving us memes & quotes to this day 
BRIGNOLI 
idk why this is funny to me but ruby says bars instead of percent
Oh... we did. 
Too F(BEEEEP)N' funny ... 
TFW you stream the 
I play a Beatboxer named "Brady Spitz" in this web-series 
Yes i meant to put soul . So many people with negative energy 
i b forgetting my dog only 7 months. 
Y'all girl be catfish man, my gf look the same in person 
Girl some $3.50 thru cash app done make me mad
This girl funny af 
Last minute attire 
Dis dat “Get the fuck out, The DJ ready to go” music
Nigga if u stingy, jus say i stingy geez lol 
lol better fall back YBN.  U  can't even cross the FLA border. JacknKill & Warlando? 
i’m sucha dick , i talk mad shit to my haters
Dis nifga king_draq just ordered a 92 piexe wita medium fry at american deli lol 
 stfu hood! just keep goin in fool
What's going on with the 
Whoa. Thank you Tyler from 
Doughty, Kopitar, and Brown were arguing over who had to cover Karlsson 
I love these 
Anybody going against 
6ers fans are sick right now 
Just happy I got an invite 
Whole lotta internet money gang shit 
Loving my new 
 this nigga dumb
Throwback to me on set for this I had so much fun shooting it 
 a foo but aye 
She on a Molly sweating AKA no air conditioner.  
Now this. This is ME AF 
When your favourite characters become support agents  
That's not gonna stop me from lobbying 
Granny Did You Wash Yo Hands? 
Aye what song pop into y'all head first when u hear it's a half pint film bitch? 
"It's a half pint film bitch "...the hair flips as they rode off in the power wheels. I'm done 
Now it's done 
So humbled to contribute humorous jibes on The Weekly Report. Listen and subscribe after you’re done laugh-crying 
 Love it!!!
Ever wonder what 
You are the best 
Yeah, I'm slightly uncomfortable 
Yep, I did a little boondoggling tonight. 
When your six year old son says his nickname for hockey is “Jake the snake.” 
LOL! 
As though you can stop it from happening with your journal article 
This time next week, Morgan and I will be on the 
Problem was, the dog was only 12. 
Best to you on your retirement from 
Problem solved 
When they think they can hide their wedding from you, but they don't know you have a PhD in 
 Dikko na bad guy
Happy Sunday all, reminder that tickets really are selling fast for this coming Friday’s 
Still one of the most outrageous shots we've ever seen. Disrespect at its highest 
Then autocorrect does not like Steve's bank 
Aunty Tala is still looking for the ref of the Mate Ma'a Tonga vs England semi final last week.
Who did this? 
We were testing the ground firsts 
One job
Ethan the little champ loving the sharkies boys!!! 
After taking over the aux yesterday 

“ your music is violent “ 
Was a pleasure playing along side ya brother!! All the best on ur new path, but the question is, who will make chop suey for me now?? 
N so he should but if not, he's welcome anytime !!!!@DeanHadley11 
New lol rd 1-8 
 I'm done
poor kid 
I still think 
I actually first thought you were the one riding it 
crazy shit 
Unlucky 
Mal showing pictures of England playing/training is hilarious 
GETTING 
Tag someone who is probably like this right now. 
The ballboy will be a legend tomorrow at school. Show and tell will be going off! 
Good luck to my other half tonight xx he's happy on the inside 
Giving the dangler a mention on 
Awesome presentation night 
You're never safe with 
Cheers for the £20 bet 
What do I win ? I ain't got the last one yet 
Classic 
Wagga woody told me to send you this 
Somebody help her 
Retweet if you know what he is 
West Ham new manger same result. Like putting hundreds & thousands on a pile of dog shit... no improvement  
 Young man sentenced to life in prison handed KY Jelly in court by cop he shot
Thanks big dog!! That hashtag though 
Thank you.. what a fat little baby
 coming from the king of blue steel
 in the making of this post 
Just watching them@on those 
Game preparation 
Dad make he rugby posts !!! 
Steamer in the living room 
Looking for a good deal on Cyber Monday? Well, here's a FREE VIDEO!!! New 
Love him 
Don’t care who wins as long as it’s England
 All Leeds Aren't We
Rio Ferdinand's new training regime...  
Big game today for 
Neville Southall 
Fought even
 is the best 
'He's got more necklaces than 2 Chains.'
Yess Kevin. 
Still in holiday mode thought it was Saturday my bad 
Modelling Ellesse swim shorts 
The old I’m on holiday I’ll have another 
 lost plot these 2
 can't stop watching it
 saved a few quid did r kid back in the day with his 
This is not the group of death, anything is possible. This is a chance for us to show what we are made of. Looking forward seeing you 
What a ball! 
Size of the lad! 
Grown men get on social media just to hate on another person... 
This will never get old 
We'll have to see about that 
There's still another leg after this haha 
As if atomic kitten stormed off stage because someone chucked a VK bottle 
Never mind getting the wooden spoon in the 6 nations, the Scots are gonna get the wooden spoon in Group C 
Well well well 
Michael Owen's Dubai promo video is the only video you need to watch tonight.. 
What happened to 
Glad everyone is enjoying the "football" I'm having a great time watching it on twitter 
Love the pants 
No matter who won the fight, the fact that Paul Chuckle met Jay Z whilst watching it means we are all winners 
Nice glass of white wine after a hard sesh. Lol 
. We are very lucky to have the amazing support of the 
"A dog just turned up at my local park on a skateboard..." 
 1-0 clawson
 like when you had to move my 300 pairs of trainers 
What are thoseeeee 
Great day in store helping our friends at 
Wish I’d read this article on race weight more than 36hrs before 
Abby made me a little farewell clay art piece....pity she left me to clean it up 
Grand Finals of 
Quarter Finals tomorrow for 
Yesterday was an honest day in SA. The singing Gogos
Apparently, our 4 year old son didn’t take kindly to the empty manger... 
I love round numbers. But I’d love sub-25 and sub-52 more! 
There may or may not be 9 black dresses being delivered to my house so I can have a mini fashion show to find something for my works Christmas party 
We really need to practice our Japanese 
Organizing events isn't good for your resting heart rate 
We have great brand ambassadors!! 
All checked and ready for the 
While we're on about fine crime books, here's what I thought of 
Ever hop on the scale n start making excuses? Like  "I'm really under weight, my sweats 4lbs my wallet/phone like 1lb and my shoes like 2 lbs... So really im 7lbs lighter"
The vlog is coming soon... bare with me 
I definitely rambled less and went off on fewer tangents! 
Millennials in SoCal 
Miss Walls loves a wall display
Front page of the Telford Journal says it all! 
New bats arrive at Exotic Zoo... and owner looks like an idiot 
Read the whole thing
Thanks Shanghai for the very early morning welcome! 
C is for Clubbing...


 in 1999...

Pete Sampras bt. 
'Just being a smart-a**' 


May've been true if I had yo big ass up there 
Still mates with this guy despite his club loyalties 
Wait for it... THAT LAUGH THOUGH 
"I just noticed that DJ to your left - has he been there all week?"
"Yeh, he's playing some sick beats"

Got to love 
I need some practice 
 I agree Willie is soft
How’d you forget about all those broken markers and clipboards?? Those are some of the best memories 
Haha y'all boys were throwing hands yesterday 
 Ho Ho holidays are here .... 
 officially the funniest man in Sports TV 
Yuuuuhhh 
Happy birthday to my brotha 
Would have never guessed my mother would be one of the ring leaders of this 
Where he’s going. He’ll have a clearance, to the mail room, kitchen,license plates shop or the fields. Come and go as you please. 
Flynn prob walked in like I ain’t telling you S***. Mueller you’re looking at 25-40 yrs, he told me to do it. 
Tell them don’t worry both pests and occupants won’t occupy WH much longer. 
The gel they use can’t be purchased at the commissary. 
Who said we can't jump 
Kentucky commit Tyler Herro earned all 42points tonight. 69-63 intense Whitnall win vs Milwaukee Destiny. 
Refs wear Levi’s in Milwaukee? 
This is why I could never take piano lessons. 
Just when you think you’ve seen it all in a game. 

Well, you haven’t. 
I swearrr
Yes, 
These kids were a trip! They ask the tough questions 
At the same damn time!!! 
Videos and interviews like this keeps me motivated. 
Classic
crazy how coaches can leave whenever they please, but when a player wants to transfer they want to take a year of eligibility away
What can't Julio do? 
The grind don't stop 
Isaiah Wynn with the SEC Championship photobomb 
When you try to sneak into the club with a White-T on..
Good morning beautiful people... Here's a story about Troy Polamalu ruining my life 
When you're trying to do a postgame interview but LeBron is watching the Buckeyes 
Parents into toddlers. 
All the Flames fans left this pub in Banff before the 3rd even started. 
"They're gonna lower my speed on 
 How to get 4th graders excited! Shoutout the 
 Red Carpet Confessionals... We've all pulled a 
EXCLUSIVE: 
Just set my account up with 
4-0.....too bad I didn’t have any money on the games. 
If the 
 nice one! Happy Thanksgiving to all my American friends! 
This is me losing my shit to Dad’s not cool jams. Literally crying from laughing 
Phill Sherring called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named “Beer of the Year,” like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway! 
Someone must have snuck in a canning machine while Carl was out kitesurfing 
We found the real life Beavis and Butthead! 
When you’re dating someone who you thought was faithful but then you catch them... watching an episode of your favourite show without you!! THE BETRAYAL!! 
Afternoon rain showers in CO?! Say it ain't so 
name a better duo. i'll wait 
Seeing that new mickey mouse snapchat filter made me jump all around the room like a 5-year-old kid 
Two peas in a pod!  Well done boys mind means you will both have to put up with me!  
Just scrolled through my 
I need a remix of 
Matching PJs for dogs and people?! 
As if 
Complains cause she wants to go to the park 
lmao please watch this 
 too good 
Dad! You’re on TV! Dad! 
Finally the “operations crew” turns into one more person 
It's only right 
 knows how to groove. And I thought I knew house chords 
Lol 
"Call it the Rosie show!" 
My smell.... which you have now ruined by calling it Saussage!! 
Merry Christmas 
They’ve re done the voice at the end of the M&S ad!! 
At the end of this Peter had no idea I had permission to open the expensive booze .. pooped his pants 
How To Spend It Well At Christmas” is on 
OMG!! Dying! 
Don't tell 
When you make a mix tape playlist and it's all 
You know 
Some of the replies to this video are hilarious 'why you talking about badges when we are playing so shit'

They clearly should have told her she needs to start Sakho and play 2 up top 
Ready for a new fave page in the photoalbum? 
Guess who?!? 
Look who is on 
‘It’s the weekend,’ they said. ‘Have the weekend off,’ they said. 
Oh no, wait. No they didn’t. 
Stick to cricket 
Has 
 don’t ever secretly film me again.
When you're the only white guy at the party. 
How many buttons does 
 the anticipation is killin me
Someone's not happy they turned into a mountain goat! 
New product, Kiss kiss boom boom! 
New school rappers 



Only a matter of time till he scored, right? 
Lol instead of candy, I just gave out random shit..
Had to look out for my guys! Bad tackle.. I would of received an ass whopping! 
Patrice Evra on Instagram brightening up your Monday.

The best one yet. 
never leaving twitter 
Shall we start 
The things y’all tweet me...
The fam about to go crazy
This is great 
Morning laugh! 
Creating personal precepts 
Retweet if you're happy to be Canadian 
Antonio Conte jokes that he will warn his English players not to kick Eden Hazard ahead of the World Cup 
How UPS Workers Training For The Holidays 
When you're a roadman with kids, it only makes sense... 
On the campaign trail today. About 20 radio interviews back to back promoting my 
Look how MR T bad up rocky and his chick 
Ya know what I’m like or ya better ya Yid xxx I’m ya future wife 
Lemme stop before I say something I shouldn’t 
Book 15: I'm Judging You, The Do-Better Manual by 
This man is about to launch himself in his homemade rocket to prove the Earth is flat.
Do Fukrey! 
Just in case you are late to the party 
He’s acted in major Bollywood films, and Punjabi films, and he’s produced some too! Is there anything that birthday boy Jimmy Shergill can’t do? 
Happy Birthday Britney Spears! Happy Birthday, Britney Spears! Oops, we did it again 
 | Catch 
If you aren't watching 
Everyone's getting nose jobs and cheek bone jobs or whatever it's called and lip jobs n what not ! How do we recognise you guys ?! 
 of 
Under attack!!! Not complaining tho 
I was only excited for 
Just died laughing 
Hahahahahaha. Ooooooh Renuka Ji, my views on the constant metre long ghoonghats and lack of female agency will have Mr Barjatya super mad at me. 
 The only type of film review I like. This woman is <3
Sent this pic to my mum & her take out was, “He's had a lovely day with you being there”. Yes Mum, 
Now I know how tall u are. 
If ever release an album this is gonna be the cover 
Today I stumbled upon my final school certificate and then I had to print out an overview over my grades at uni so far and damnit I was so good at school and now look at me 
Your captions are hilarious people! 
"I'm excited. I can't sleep. I keep wanting to pee cause I'm so excited. After seven thousand miles to have this down to two miles is awesome." - 
Shooting spot fun...
Shoutout to everybody that's bin following my blog since back when I had to give myself the 11th like so it could be numbers!! 
Hehe 
YES! Now change your picture to one of me 
I was gonna take a generic magazine picture.. but i was reading it in the car while waiting for a friend .. so here it is.. at pride of place in my back window.. theres a theme goin on here ! 
Grateful for this 
Foundations and brickwork going in at our amazing Cromwell Road development in Ellesmere Port! Keep eyes & ears posted on these because they’re gonna go like hot cakes! Photo credit to our PM Dave 
Here's 2... (or 3 
“Damn, that’s bleak as hell, baby” 
Yes please!! 
I KNOW PEOPLE SLEPT ON IT 
Hope y’all don’t notice the piece of glitter hangin out my booty. 
After mom 
happy leftovers day 
One of the Best stand ups I've ever seen. Whole fucking day bummed out, seen you on Netflix then I laughed beginning to end you're a crazy mother fucker. Duck duck goose, No duck duck nigga !!! 
 "hey zoo keeper!" OMG watching you on Netflix. I'm laughing so hard I'm literally in tears. 
Just in case you need a laugh 
How to wind up 
Our set on 
The ridiculous commentary of Pro Evolution 2! 
Islam Salami, Sacary Bagna! Here's some of our favourite Soccer Saturday moments 
Moved to Cannes, another upgrade but courtesy of lady@marriott this time. Bless her, she apologised as it was only a two room suite 
Love recycling.  
I'm sober now.... so it was all your fault 
Been misquoted here. Fordy only got to play 10 shots not 10 min!
Hahahahaha so true!!! I was way to loyal for my guild as a tank in WoTLK before moving on 
Life really can be a drag! 
 last year all of our decorations ended up at the top of the tree due to this little man, hoping for things to be left alone this year now he’s a bit older! 
Tough match today v oli lines. Great player and an even better guy. Not much in it at all but just happy to be on the right side of it. Maybe now being the 4th highest seed left I’ll be on tv next round 
Gutted I couldn’t go further in this years NI Open but credit to tian. Played very well and never looked like missing in the last. Back to practice tomorrow and get ready for the uk. Should be a walk in the park in comparison 
Can’t wait till the uk starts next week 
What are you trying to say?!!! 
Are you having a Rod Stewart moment??
 it's not as after the watershed as it sounds I promise matron! 
RT if you’d wear this 
The kids know best 
If your an International student who loves food, come be part of our foodie focus group on Wed 29 Nov 3:15pm-4:45pm. Get free food and £10 for taking part. Email Jiayi on J.Liu6@leeds.ac.uk, first come first served 
Be prepared to laugh, to cry, and to be enlightened 
A typically under-stated celebration from our November champion today 
NO PARIS WAS SO FUCKING CRAZY THEY MADE ME DROP SHADE 3 TIMES ARE U MAD 
Mate 
mine too
They even filmed a live video so people can find the stage easier in future! 
Wee 8 year old sister said her teacher asked a kid in her class to take his jumper off and he replied 'neva hot' 
Today I'm hearing about equity markets. For an hour! Kill me now 
It's all 
 just tuned in... great to see you still have that crazy streak in you 
The cow mooin in the background like 
 fuckin hilarious 
 enjoying the show - my fav song is lying eyes....please please please play it....i may be a bit "twatted" already but my name takes care of that for me....
Where do you get fig rolls nowadays in the local 
Was starting my tweet with « the streak is over ... » deleted that quick as f*** 
Ah ha.... that’s where baby carrots come from 
Bit harsh Pennywise! 
Simon, your face says it all after trying our Milkshake Stout this morning.  
PART 2: Best Review ever on our Milkshake Stout by Saturday AM - check it out!! - I think we can confidently say they are going apeshiii for it! Delighted!  
Trainers' title?! 
This is so accurate 
How does he get away with it 
Great interview with Michael O’Leary there from 
 ........... Best interview on a race course all year. 
Fair play to 
 brilliant with O’Leary I make that 2-0 to you
James & Dave Franco what they love most about each other & their CRAZIEST auditions ever 
Me all over!!! 
How do you solve the problem of junk in space? Use a giant harpoon gun of course! 
Truffle the dog is every single one of us when it finally snows 
Today’s marks our Robs last day of his stage! 
As a little thank you to 
When someone is sassy so you feel like returning their gift 
Disclaimer: I am not the one holding the book in this photo. It’s My Wife! Who always puts up with all my bookish photo ideas 
I survived my Mama’s death stare- so  maybe pick up a copy of 
I swear I literally don't stop singing round the house 
Loving this snapchat! I look about 21 
I'm after Keith's hat 
TAG SOMEONE THAT CAN’T DEAL... 
TAG SOMEONE THAT MAKES YOU LAUGH THIS HARD
One of my favourite scenes/ such a laugh and a beautiful day 
Thats a funny scene 
Building courage for sea swimming  
 love it. 
 never fails to have me laughing in a morning 
It's like a 
Mike Parry’s trending... 

it’s time for this..
  Are you a whisky or a gin drinker? 


Relatable..
 eh! (With my Zambian accent)

Btw I loved the top you had on 
Which Beatle has the biggest penis!? 
Thad off BMS is my favourite character ever.
One of the best things I’ve seen in a while 
Great weekend of jumps learning at Euro jumps hurdles convention. Thanks 
Check it out! Here is what went down on Carpool Karaoke with 
Told the guard about an abandoned bag on the train but then I've just moved carriages! Gotta do the right thing but also gotta be somewhere
You remember MOTD right Bush, its that program on BBC 1 where the highlights are shown.....I know it’s been a while 
Who's going ice skating at the Christmas markets this weekend? Any survivors are welcome to celebrate the gift of life with us! 
Goes out to a few people, that constantly asking me if my tweets are about them
@rebecca_larder 
If this doesn't some up every girls life 
I actually can't trust anyone
Everything in my life is so last minute
So much for J-Hope being the hope 
when a customer asks to speak to a manager and the manager tells them the exact same thing u said 
Don't know why I found Wayne Rooney smacking Ashley Williams over the head so funny
Ant and Dec are different level 
 don’t miss your length buddy.. 
Bully popping in for some breakfast.  He thinks he owns the place. Lol 
Big Baller Brand came up small 
All bandwagon 
Not even 
OKC is working thru some family matters 
These victims need some milk 
The Knicks are a mess 
Blake went full ‘game blouses’ 
LaVar & Lonzo after his debut last night 
Welcome to the ’17-18 Lake Show 
When you’ve mastered 2k 
The accuracy 
Not too sure about the new hashtag 
Close call for Skippy in the last at Cessnock. 
Oh Brian 
This is so good!


Because this is how journalism works 
"He slapped me around the head and said Craig Bellamy's been talking about you..." 
 The Class of 92 were not impressed with this penalty decision.


We're helping out the incredible 
'He's not finished, he's 28'

Greatest phone in ever 
The commentary on the first El Shaarawy goal 
This is what I'm on about, absolute plantpot alert 
This is why she NEVER walks the dogs 
I've still got tinsel and baubles stuck in my hair 
Ha ha sounds like pressure for you 
The commentary to this horrible error 
Premier League packed with quality attacking players but jeez some of the defending 
Don't forget the sunscreen? Can't be too careful  Harf
Just shows you, they’ll let anyone into the acting game!!! N for near miss! 
Here’s my motto for the 
Be right back. Need to dig up our old Roman Fiesta campaign 
So it’s officially official my brother 
Watch ya back 
Yo, I went hella hard Saturday 
Three years ago today: that time I met Bruce 
This is the best thing you will see this weekend 
Spurs fans singing "She's getting fucked in the jungle" to Jamie Vardy last night. 
 love it good luck 
Still dreaming! Thanks to all the fans for the support and haha sorry 
You get a Force Band. YOU get a Force Band! YOU GET A FORCE BAND! With any already discounted Droid like R2-D2 – NOW $129. 
Love this photo! Couldn't figure out at the time why 
Mans not hot 
Some folk r on smack 
Always makes me laugh when i see someone waiting at a crossing whilst on a jog just jogging on the spot 
This dude can’t even put his real name on his twitter profile and is tweeting out how D1 football players in the Pac12 are soft
Hahahah I’m dying
My Man gave 
My favourite 
Look at their happy faces. How dare Vegans say this is better than killing cows... 
This even... phones and large thumbs! 
This was me the other day 
Not sure they thought this character naming through on Assassin’s Creed Origins - on the 154th “By Heck!” of the day 
Actual hilariousness of this marketing text from 
Beautiful day even if it is a tad Breezy (gale force 8!!!) 
Good luck with that might need a beer when they are all tucked up 
The first of 2 
 think 
Those almost 12 months of hanging out with some of South Yorkshire’s best cooking talent have really rubbed off on me 
Sheff dub.........Oh wait the comedy club are at it again 
There’s a slim shady in all of us 
 Jesus Christ. Where do these people actually watch match from
The most lovely 
I am mostly drinking lots of beer at 
On this very day 29 years ago on 2 December 1988 ‘The Naked Gun: From the Files of Police Squad!’ was first released. Retweet if you agree it’s an 80s classic...

Nice beaver 
One of the best questions we've ever heard 
I ran a very hilly half marathon yesterday. Today I am in PAIN. But only my lower half 
“I pretty much never smell my friends’ bottoms”

Quote of the day by 
We think it’s the greatest accent of them all. Santa however... 
Excellent 
Brilliant Halloween evening stand-up paddle boarding (and capturing ghosts 
Look who in the news paper again! It's little 
She's as convincing as when 
Actually prefer Rachel’s Hakka 
OMG!  Carl & Rachel have an ACTUAL choir in to help launch Christmas! 
It can’t be Christmas jumpers, is it Christmas in general? Too much cheer for the Scrooge’s! 
Elf on the shelf 
When Paloma Faith even calls Grace a bossy cow 
The next track in the Dodgy ticker trilogy is I am Alive,  this version I used a loop pedal, never did it again 
Wow what a Concert, Loved every Second Of it, 
Can honestly say seeing 
Budding creative 
Sitting at the club waiting for the check to be cut 
Ughhhh grosss lol 
Danny and Sand... wtf Glen??! 
The moment you realise that you got 
If anyone needs help filming car adverts, drop me a message 
Happy Friday everyone 
Looks like they could really do with a 'Creative person ' 
But, I want to be the show pony 
 I’m dead
Cheating & Lying All the time she was Lying
Me and 
Love the fact that 
You are tooooo funny. All about the smell of the bang, I know exactly what you mean.  Although its sad imagining you just sat there doing crackers on your own
You know you've made it when you're parked up with Nicole Saltslinger & Brad Grit 
Still not over 
"I wanna look as good as I can, because I think I looked as bad as I possibly could on the whole season." 
Thanks to the guys at 
 as a white male I have no real, pertinent say in this of course. But I still think your channel 4 interview was absolute class and am very glad it happened.  Not just for the riling the trolls the way you have 
You are hilarious! Dusky 
Setting up for the 
Can’t wait to see the dynamic duo 
When there's a packed press room on pins waiting for Sam Allardyce's first presser and 
These guys... 
Don’t knock it back in those areas 
Tryin' to find your rave bae like.... 
How much time you got? 
The Iceland Christmas ads 
Well, that's what I told him to say... 
What d'ya think? 
 BBCBreakfast Loving The sleeping hamster impression this morning 
Can everyone please retweet for me. Just a little button 
Only in Glasgow

Federer hits a drop shot...

“Gonnae no dae that” 


Such a dumb reaction to being evicted, like you fool no one, obviously you aren't happy
 best video received to date!
Oh sad day...
So me and my dance partner 
Issa yak and skills block party! Come join the fun and please bring dessert to share and your own chairs
5 years of us knowing each other and this still might be our best picture 
So excited Akira bowled herself over 
Frfr
Piano lesson in Brussels Airport 
True story 
Why is this a question 
Even our two Canadian players, 
Y’all know his momma about to beat his ass right? 
Who smoother then 
How you think you look when you fight vs. How you actually look...
When she says to come over but you don’t have a car
I’m CRYIN!! Snoop really be the voice for all of us and how we feel 
Why the ref slither across the screen LMAO 
u knew you stayed up too late when this came on your tv 
this is the best video i have ever seen 
I’M DEAD 
Y’all.. look at this chic-fil-a rap video 
When you get your first kiss versus your second 
Rick Ross really dressed his daughter up as a lemon pepper chicken wing for Halloween 
 boy if you don’t ask a S/O from ya brother 
Y’all some fools 
“He’s so fast he makes everybody else look...not fast” 
Im late to this but I’m glad 
Your head gone 
College is not sweet 
bro you hilarious
Ref had good D on Lil Hari 
Never should of gave niggas technology lmao 
Man from Friona, Tx. says 
Happy birthday to my homie and Va legend 
I've never had the chance to play this, but the sound effects are too good to ignore! 
My favorite locker room video 
All of this starting cuz LaVar Ball didn't say thank you to Donald Trump.  
Coach Cat was pissed 
Got me weak 
When a nigga ask you “you want sum out the store?” 
I found the WHOLE VIDEO.. y'all I'm so damn weak 
Dude take his job too serious 
Lil kids these days so lit
 on baby
CLAY YOUNG FOR PRESIDENT 
Walk of the year goes to 
Nah u drive to class so I can get your spot & not get a ticket lol 
IF YOU DON'T REMEMBER THIS YOU TOO YOUNG FOR ME 
Yoooo I be soooo sick 
Notice that 
Laughing in public 
If you don't have 
When you take 2k way too serious 
“That was the nigga who invented cocoa butter crib. I ain’t trying to have all black folks over there asking him did he really save black people.” 
Relationships, friendships, anyships (lol)are like banks. If a MF withdrawing more than they’re depositing you gotta let em go! 
Guess y'all thought I wasn't gonna enjoy a good NBA skirmish… Think again! 
When you unlock the legend badge on 2k 
 i love when you be going in that lil store bruh 
Dawg missed the bus this shit so funny bro I swear 
We going off names? Or numbers? 
Thanksgiving have you like.....
 dude you had nothing else to tweet
 he was scared of you coach !
ThrowBack 
Ashton Westbrook 
LMFAO HOW IS SHIT NOT VIRAL. WINGSTOP AND WENDY'S HAVING A RAP BATTLE 
Basketball Anime Be Like 
Had a BLAST crashing a tour of students visiting our 
Forecast of the Game 
I’m getting off this app 
Bruh
Snoop never fails to crack me up dude
I ain’t even know I was struggling at the time. I was enjoying these mf’s 
She got the last laugh 
Aye I’m crying 
Don't No 3yr old Do It Better Than Ha On Me
Who remembers this?! 
Lmao 
My free throw went backwards and it still got closer to the rim than 
Someone tell CK we won. 
Accurate 
Walkin thru the house randomly screaming “toot toot coot coot toom toom...poom poom!” Now my wife is vacuuming. Prob a visual metaphor that means shut up Andrew
 I had an “ABC on ciabatta bread” btw
 the background
 Too real
Dabo Swinney says 
Watch out laz!!! 
Money!!!
Shout my fam 
I love how 
Haha "Like Rod Strick I'm sick with the handles" - 
My homie and business partner 
Finally got Charlamagne’s (
Almost spit out my coffee this morning laughing at 
I am half Filipino & the accuracy that this video portrays is JOKES !!!!! Only Pinoy people will understand the crude love from their relatives on a daily basis, not just holidays 
This ain’t no UPSET it’s reality. 
People at Ucla need to understand body awareness, this guy almost took off my whole shoulder 
Not going to lie, I spent way too much time actually watching this game. I was too mentally invested to shoot 
Back yard football as a kid 
Today, 
How the rest of the trade went down last night 
Game Elite 2019 Against The Grain 
Deleted Scenes & Funniest Moments 
No Diet plan anytime soon fellas !! Enjoy F**king up your New Year resolution 
WARNING: These movies will make you super horny! lmao 
For real man 
12:38 mark, 
 LOVES Thanksgiving weekend 
Anybody else notice this last night? Nice job avoiding the 7/10 split on that roll! 
When your first ever YouTube collab is with your role model 
I’m not gone lie 
"If a tier 4 datacenter survives the things its designed to survive, there will be no one left to use the datacenter" 
Dawg the bird is the instigator 
This shit had me crying for 10 min now 
Dozing off during a play happens on occasion but 
Oops 
I’m always at peace cause I live in the moment 
Haha!! Lol!! Thanks! 
I hate politics...it's so ....political 
My 14 year old was walking the house whistling ‘So Fresh & So Clean’.....now what could be possibly know about that music? 
Most useful way to use Pumpkins 
Sumo POSTER! 
And also why I moved to California
Still the greatest trick shot of all time 
She wasn’t ready 
When your supposed to be helping Santa but ball is life 
Preview of 
That’s not even fair 
Never give up 
This is how to wrap the PERFECT present 
Every short hooper's dream 
Not sure why 
Man, I don’t know whether to be happy or sad after 
... and then there were 2

Welcome 
 FTW 
MailChimp is a bunch of weirdos 
We're thrilled that Leeds is starting it's month laughing with 
I seriously love Penny 
Marriage is all about compromise. 
Loving this 
Rick went on & got himself captured the easy way 
Salt and potato flavor 
Once you pop... that's grrrreat 
‘Tis the season of fake surprised faces opening gifts you don’t like
No shaker no problem just take a scoop 
"Yo J Hus, look at the statistecs" 
Got ma ticket for 
Hold tight Fenners, Big Shaq is coming for your job 
pls do
Fs chlo
so true
Wee stupid cow
never seen something so true
 see you tonight my man! 
Them ones 
Only at the gym listening to 
Rebecca is so brave!!! I would die in that task 
what the hell why are you food shopping with them ?
That moment when you the filter correctly. 
Felt like taking this out of my pocket as a joke that only I would find funny 
Best thing on twitter today. 
 Sorry I should be more positive but trains in the UK stress me out 
BREAKING: Reports are that 
Got this DM feel very honoured 
This would work 
Talking pure bollox 
Happy birthday on your actual birthday this year 
Me when I’m pissed 
No wayyyy 
Still getting questions about dress code 
Got excited, thought it said 
Just tried it... it works on a Tuesday morning too 
Once there was a lion and a monkey, and the monkey said ‘I can make the weather change....’ 
 True ravers only come for the ever-diverse and brilliant music and to have a great time 
Really nailed that candy corn description, 
 was really just on 
 go on lad 
Ermmm can i hear it 
I said to 
That new Dave chappelle special is bangin 
Banging night in Cambridge 
Cried for days and planned a murder 
Lingard hit the sweetest milly rock. I wanted to join in and I don’t even support United 
Jheez bak on my twitter couple years later 
Crying at 
Lmao They should have never gave me Animoji’s 
this was deffo much funnier than I expected 
This show is jooooke
This is actually jokes 
We played slanguage with 
 we love seeing you back on our screens 
Now that is my kinda lane! I've been saying we need these for a long time 
Mans on the way to 
Oral fingers... You heard it here first! 
Man wants a role 
Word of warning from 
How nice of this young man to teach the police something new... pfffff 
Whats a Mullett Christmas Tree without our angel with a bratz doll head 
 my 2016/2017 presenter showreel watch the full 3 min video here 
 aww ty, but wait 
Playing tunes at the 
When ur so gassed that ur not in a tracksuit for once 
...And it was at this moment Snooch nearly passed out 
 comedy gold - who knew sororicide, alliteration and recorders could be that funny 
Hahaha
Listen... I’m not complaining... I’m just saying haha 
Definitive proof that 
Does anyone want to offer to buy my tickets to go and see this show? I’ll love you forever!! No? Okay.. Merry Christmas 
 all together now...
The guys at 
The fact they needed to do this tho 
"I will NOT adopt a child in Skyrim, fuck that shit" - 
All set up 
Fo' Shizzle! 
I block you every game because I cant handle the truth in your tweets lol 
When you see your mate wobble on Jacob's Ladder 
People are really enjoying playing against Joey Barton in the SPL 
This is brilliant 
Weatherspoons going to be busy tonight 
German club, St Pauli used a guy in a mask to unveil their new signing when the manager couldn't be there. 
Another day, another trip to 
Love it’s hat Leonie- very you! 
I can scarcely believe it...it's a first 
Five comedians in a lift! 
Great night all, cheers 
They look even better as an album cover
It was nearly a disaster Keri. 
Looking forward to the Royal Wedding BUT Prince Harry & Meghan Markle are getting married in May 2018. Do they realise that decent photographers, videographers and entertainment get booked up to a year in advance. They may have to go with their 2nd choice DJ 
 “Don’t tell anyone” 
A certain 
Get a room you two 
 well said mate
when i drive back from Orpington, i always feel jealous of the lorry drivers asleep in their cabin 
IM DYING 
Some utter genius has been hilariously "adapting" West End posters in a Soho pub and the results are brilliant. I have to tweet some! 
This time next week I’ll be sat in my seat waiting to see 
Game day-no not 
 think this could be the most LD tweet ever! 
Can't wait for the 
It’s was at a funny angle... 
life problems when ur nails come through ur gloves 
Lets fucking go, this shit felt good after dying all the time on landing 
We’ll have a word with our gundogs and see what they say! 
Learning from the best during our bootcamp for 
i love these people man 
Thank you for the 30 sec stream on my channel 
I see you again 
I swear like everyone I follow on Twitter is an arsenal fan, it’s ridiculous 
New emote?!?!?! 
Time to find out how slow I am 
I have no idea what to title this either 
When you get accused for scipting in soloQ 
 spotted dancing
sign from God 
  welcome for tagging you wrong Dmytro 
Tip for camera man. If they move their hands it means they still play !
ARFCs ugliest ever front row!
Mr Swan is furious that ACO Gibbon rescued him from an industrial estate and released him back to his home on the canal 
In my defence... Some one else yarn bombed Margaret street first.... But ya can't have too much of a GD thing 
Just won a 
I was just thinking how I need to do a video with me and 
Don'tcha wish your (imaginary) girlfriend was hot like these? 
Classic... 
To all who are asking me what I think about Kens new Vtrigger ..  already discussed with Adel 
"DID YOU THANK THE DOCTOR FOR BRINGING YOU INTO THIS WORLD?" 

Lavar Ball is PURE comedy! 
That time Doc tried to get ejected to watch Tiger at the Masters 
The backlash!! With a hashtag and everything 
Great laughs listening to the 
 saw this from 
 we have some around the tops of Keswick! 
Just seen this ... 
When you wonder if your gonna have a good loud burp or a good fart as your nurse encourages you to have more laxatives 
I CAN'T BELIEVE I'M ACTUALLY OPENING IT IN THE CAR 
Finn Barton may have been shot by his mother last night, but he still managed to turn up to his Dental appointment today 
I bet this went well then 
A little Leofric to brighten the day! 
You voted for a comedy scene yesterday. 
How do I still have so many followers 
London is so cool!! & so are the cops! 
I LOL so hard watching 
Honestly where would I be without you 
MOM: I want to be your manager, a mom-ager 

ME: What's your experience in the field?

MOM: I made you.. Literally.

ME: Fair enough 
Another great boxing class with Jon Thaxton - although this guy wasn’t planning on getting punched in the face 
Not far behind you 
It depends on how stressful those 3 hours are
I should probably clarify that I am also wearing a hillbilly checked shirt 
All packed and ready for the final residential of the year. This one finishes off all visits associated to our OCN in Understanding Commemorations. Starting to feel like I live out of suitcases 
Saturday Night MOOD 
Dora w the big ass 
Train has stopped as someone is stuck in the toilet. I shouldn’t laugh I guess but oh dear 
“Don’t trust any shot that you can get at Safeway.” 
Gahbech! This is so good 
Today's LOL 
Legit LOL 
I am also loving the fact that someone drew this on one of their voting papers at our meeting last night 
Someone is happy I'm home too 
Omg, 
Anyone else have a bath/shower and find yourself still sat on the bed hours later doing nothing 
Funniest channel on youtube, hands down 
Mary and I (Paula) went to the premiere last night and got all excited when we spotted Nikki 
 has the best rants 
Pharma bro felon Martin Shkreli might lose his $2million Wu-Tang album 
Here goes...
Come Countdown 2 Xmas with me! 
CityvSaints tonight. Can we bag yet another win lads 
Review of our track 'Black box' here. Thanks lads! 
This cuts to the bone 
15-0 tough old scrap. Yh it was close. Thought I did enough with good last round. Fighting a guy who fights at light heavy and super mid defo didn’t help 
It's just like being at a 
Ruptured ACL but who cares after a 95th minute winner 
Always dangerous teaching your Mrs to punch. 
Was good to meet you lads, was some trip typified by the absolute mess of the caveman 
 I’m laid up after taking a crack to the ribs so was a 3 but this has put me to a 10!
you were first guy to own one pal, although you were a few ales in when the auction started right enough 
For all those asking about the Cesar and Jinky gnomes you can get them direct from 
Close enough 
Boomquisha is at rehearsal LIVING HER LIFE HOOONNEEY!!
Wrong number 
Oh ta mate 
Wearing her 
Post show warm down 101 with this legend 
Same but different 
When you're trying to explain the difference between EDM and Trance. 
Great team performance yesterday despite losing this point 
Something along the lines of   “Oh gloves is it ? Little hands cold are dey or dya tink it makes yee look cool ? Tool!” 
It’s fantastic to watch. Boring United, eh? 
When I'm not allowed to play table tennis 
Just showing Dan of 
Can you fit me in your suitcase 
Did 
Amazing
 he didn't know 
Still a classic 
NOW ON SALE 
Why traveling with 
GOLF DRILLS FOR ALL YEAR AROUND WITH PLATES this is my 
A+ tweet from DJ 
After baby bath time routine, pjs, sippy cups and Viv coming down stairs for the 5th time telling us she needs cereal and then finally getting them to go to sleep... this bed can really look like heaven 
Bonus points for anyone who can tell me what 
Tiger chipping from the green. Stop it bruh. 
Great day at the 
He’s right. After 20 years of being a golf club member and playing in comps, I’m ready to admit it. 

I’ve been cheating all along. And when I can’t get away with that I bribe my playing partners (countless of which I don’t know from Adam) to sign for false scores for me. 
 They caught is in a picture together. Now we have no choice but to work together 
Pretty sure Biscuit thinks he’s a human baby. 
thank u, the goal was for everyone to have fun
Mate, you should have said! I'll shoot the sh*t with anybody at anytime. 
When I was accepted, my mom opened the letter herself because she couldn’t wait for me lmao 
In a world during a dark time, we should all take a sec and take in this moment & reaction 
I'm sure we'll discuss my $60 Zenyatta skin during the panel! Don't miss this! 
 I wanna see this so bad now.
The "now u wanna give da nigga a hug" guy 
 when you turn in your album 
Lots of different personalities here, which one are you? 
Drake think he so slick I see ya working nigga 
On God! 
Now this how you enjoy yourself at home 
People need to appreciate this more. 
Fact 
My Uber driver is listening to every existing version of hallelujah 
When you've had a 12 hour day and trying to get the last song done for the day and you cannot stop 
When your homie drop the blunt 
Asaaah Tataaa Gangsta Granny from the family 
Fridays at hm
I have since learned who techno Viking is 
Good fight (compete,playing hard) 
Only Louis would meet him on polling day!! 
After being stuffed to the brim 
What she has to put up with to get me to take a serious picture 
Beautiful trip in the rearview lens
Back to Training - Looking to baptize ppl on Sundays 
Riding foreign whips wherever I go 
These fools in the ring hugged tf up!! Smmfh!! 
You know Brett Johns is still partying on because he's still liking everything that comes up on his twitter 
Why did you do my man like this?! 
Poor Fiji Sun just can't help itself 
The dynamic duo is back at it again, balloons and all!! 
Oh my


Ethan the little champ loving the sharkies boys!!! 
A few choice shots from the weirdest match at 
As a former Applebee’s employee back in da day...I wouldn’t advise eating there anyway 
Me at work will I watch my two supervisors throw shade at each other 
My mommy dearest would be happy you said that 
 youre here too! 
Gosh my handwriting is really bad isn't it! 
 enjoy girls!
It looks like the Cardiff squad are having a good one in Amsterdam 
Phil isn’t my brother but the other lad Andy is a proper work-shy bastard 
Our local derby, 1800 tickets and we still haven’t sold out 
This made me 
Think he must fancy Freya!! 
Rugby with WWE commentary is brilliant 
Go Rocky!! 
you alright dude? 
When your dad drops in at the club.. ffs 
There's a great deal going on at winter wonderland 
Danny Baker tearing into the BBC on 
Here's this nightmare, brought to you in the flesh by Betty Crocker: 
Your last hashtag cracked me up.
Thinking back to my first time in Japan  
Oh yhini loozile 
Postcard from my present! 
this was the look Shane gave the camera after the box went off. interesting.

also interesting how when Ryan is ALONE voices come through it. are they scared of Shane? Is he TOO POWERFUL OF A DEMON?! (
We're at a holiday party at a winery and I stg my mom will find any excuse to mention that I'm an author 
Brisbane, you were amazing tonight! My fave parts were telling the koala story about 
I Would Kill To Be In A Game Like This! 3’s For Everybody 
I'm crying!!!!! 
Y'all too much 
 I'm crineeeeee ! 
Noffy and I doing our best Cool Runnings impersonation 
That ref gon be at the unemployment office tomorrow like Martin 
The ref that just ejected Lebron will be looking for jobs tomorrow 
That Akron was bout to come out of Lebron 
If people saw how hard I laugh at 
Just Magnificent
What a little legend 
Funny how much of the "reduce macro X" narratives share this one component 
YES Flossy Posse! 
Just shooting the breeze surfing twitter and came across this. I wish I wasn't drinking water when I watched this. 
Hahah true true!! 
"They've got Hodge keeping with one glove, and Gunston in slips demanding a bowl. It's anarchy." 

Keep it together, Hawks! 
I'VE NEVER FELT THIS UNCOMFORTABLE IN MY LIFE! 
I did not wake up like this... it takes a bloody army 
When you're not blessed with good hair? Have a best friend that does hair extensions 
At least Jan has our back 
Game on biatch! 
Well... 
BEST BUCKET LIST EVER 
Hahaha 
Does anybody hear this around the office?? 
Name a creature that can be blue... 
Definitely not this! 
He came to the big smoke and didn't understand the new high-tech tomato sauce sachet 
What do grandmas cook better than anyone?? Not sure about this answer... 
Seems.... Unethical. 
Just seen the team. May as well turn round and go home now 
Love that everyone got excited about the royal wedding not because old carrot top is getting married but because of the possible day off 
  are buying the league folks 
When you go to 
Peterborough lead 1-0 ahead of Woking, who had a penalty but was saved. Least it’s not a 0-0 like all the games I’ve covered this year 
I've only sworn 5 times on Twitter, so I'm on Santa's nice list. YAY! Find out if you've been naughty or nice at 
What a tweet that was! 1 year ago 
That one guy that LOVES the cowbell 
Really thought we had a chance for the win until the safety car. Anyway, happy for this guy! @Nirei0124. Not a hobby driver anymore! 
Love this! Be great as tandem 
Loving it here 
Apparently the colour of my kimono is the colour of a king or emperor... sounds about right 
A huge thank you to everyone supporting us at tonight’s 
Interview with the guardian sums up our current team situation pretty well
Rosebae 
“I’m just the messenger”....code for calm down buddy! 
HAHAHAHA!!!!!!! This made my entire night. 
 I will use this gif for the rest of my life. Mood forever 
 accurate!! Nice job this morning
IM LAUGHIN @ ALL THE TICKED OFF SINGLE MALES RESPONDING TO MY LAST TWEET 
"85%, you wanna try another lie?" -Hondo 
Guys do we need a light laugh? I THINK WE DO. How about finding a cozy moment to catch up on 
 thanks for a great event today! First time running in antlers! 
 Ok, so...episode 8. Actual masterpiece. That screaming scene in the coffin, like...nothing has ever been funnier in the history of the world. 
The jokes and perfect rhymes had me on the floor rollin’, I haven’t laughed this hard since watching the 
You two are toad-ily the coolest. 
 thoughts on my new tattoo? 
please tag us in all of your cover of time magazine "man" of the year  memes 
The scariest pumpkin I’ve seen. Lolol 
Lil mama wasn't havin' it! 
Gene asks all the important questions in life. 
Had to help this old man out of the bowl last night..
 I miss u man
Buddy was trying hard not to look at 
AYY we on tour with 
Wow, "Beat Maker Go" used my Arise samples... now you can be me with this app 
Thanks for the freebie question-beat my high score! 
The best part of IKEA might be the food.. why did I not know about this before.. $5 will have you eating like a king 
A little newlyweds fun 
Shout out to the 
LA - I love you but your uber drivers are too chatty 
I’m gagged 
Honestly, as long as we beat 
Asked for good barbecue recommendations on stage in Houston tonight! 
Work has stared on the first of 35 venues for this year's 
Best caption and go! 
 I thought this was a parody account. Wow
Now THAT looks like a party! 
If Steve played piano... 
Has your Elf gone rogue?! Maybe the gang at Studio C should replace it with a Little Lamb from Bethlehem! 
"Hustlers trying to figure out what show they're on" 
“It weighs more than HE DOES” 

 @RHWOAKL 
When door-to-door sales people come to your door... 
This playground might need a new speed limit! 
Cute kid clearly hasn't used a slide before! 
When Jaws, one of the biggest monsters in horror, is reduced to the size of a shirt but still makes a big splash in reality somehow 
I’m not obsessed bruv
Has the Christmas party season taken its toll? Send us a 
What’s up dog? 
Those outfits, those moves 
Lol cyber Monday, putting a ton of things in the cart then exiting out of the website 
 well I think I've lost the pewdiepie giveaway.. I'm a bit sad if I gotta be honest. But who ever won it, congrats!! And i hope you will like it, specially the double thickness comfort like 
Oh my 
I was coming in with that right hook at the end 
Y’all not gonna act like y’all didn’t see me & 
This image makes be think about the 
I loved leaving the feed store with hay and someone would ride my ass so I would go fast and watch the hay cover their windshield 
Whose dad is this??? lmao he wanted his 15 minutes of fame 
conversations ain’t been this good since middle school 
Pathetic quitters... 
When you have a 
 This. Is. Awesome. Hold on real quick while I comb my MS for any errant tier 6 offenders. 
Nothing is more entertaining than watching three dogs run through the house with a rope that's only big enough for one. 
If matching jammies and a tree are all it takes for these two to be sweet to each other, I declare Christmas all year long!! 
Cocktail in a can. Just like The Girl on the Train. 
Here are 10 real funny life events that we turned into charts because we just want to 
Shocked that 
This list of 
A winning combination 
Journalist asks Farooq Abdullah, "Are You An Indian?" See his reaction 
Modi addressing a jam-packed Election Rally in Bharuch, Gujarat!
Modi addressing packed Election Rallies in Gujarat! 
Man I remember back in the day 
Dunno who put Shehzad up - Congress or BJP - but whosoever thought of him has a sense of humour. Comparing himself with Sardar Patel, Arjun and co is hilarious 
Best ever!  
lmfaoooo I can’t breathe
This got me dying 
Found an accurate description 4 my singing 2day. "You sing like an elephant farted in your ear" - Croatian expression 
The fans celebration ahaha 
When I accepted the award for someone else from another style icon. Surprise of the night! 
Look what I found ! A pic of me and my first love .... my first car ever !!! 
Hahahaha this is so hilarious 
Dawg I just died laughing 
If your name aint willtharapper dont ever think im on you 
THIS IS THE BEST THING I HAVE EVER SEEN 
Yoooo what the fuck
Throw your phone away. 
When you ask your girl what would you do for some 
You’ll never catch me arguing over basketball 
Derrick Milano Type Beat 
Tom Holland accidentally showing thousands of people the “confidential” Infinity War Poster on his Instagram live stream is the best thing I’ve ever seen 
Hilarious but honest moment: 
When you beat your teammate in 
I remember us doing photo shoots together thinking we was the shit 
OMGGGGGG

MICHAEL JACKSON INVENTED THE DAB!!!!!


We can't think of a better way to celebrate Sunday than to put a turkey on your head, dress as an elf and run a race holding a 
Odell Beckham Jr hasn't got time for team huddles... 
Wish I could have watched 
Re-watching Hocus Pocus with the housemates because Hush was too scary 
 this is cracking me up.
Not long now...
My Jets so lit
"A little slippery player" Auggie Auggie Auggie 
come on 
Get out your feels 
When you're trying to talk to preservice Ts about Tweetdeck/Twitter and the projector in the computer lab won't work. 
Nobody can resist a tank 
“I can do all things through Christ who strengthen me” I want to thank 
AAU teams look like this and you think it’s gon be cake. Then you look up and you’re down 22 and they’ve hit 10 3s with 13 minutes left in the first half 
lil bro 
 "Act my age...sometimes. Look my age, NEVER." That about sums it up, 
There exists in this universe a fashion crop-top emblazoned with one of my dumber tweets. What a world we live in! 
Please RT if you’ve never read a bigger lie from the Daily Mail than “Jeremy Hunt has earned the respect of doctors, nurses and other medical staff” 
Had a brilliant time watching 
Credit 
S3 interhouse badminton underway. No badminton jokes today...half court singles which means 2+2 on the court = 4. Quick maths! 
Did you remember to change your clock?...if not, this is a nice one! 
When there is snow. The snow man is 
I’m just glad he didn’t wear his green tracky bottoms with that top. I kept thinking McLaren High had employed a gardener that day. 
Such a fun day dressing up as Roald Dahl characters to celebrate 
i share the same name with a child actress and now i got fans tweeting at me. 
They just don't do jersey reveals like they used to 
'There’s something wrang wi yer sink' 
His life sucks 
Blesssss faaaam lol 
Ahhhhh I like the way the vibes are building up for this bday bash faaaam 
...goodnight to Bob's of the world. Just listened back, complete confusion and chaos that could only be 
Ooops....wrong place but Bob was willing 
 fair play an that
Totally crying 
 don’t gimme joke
Manchester that was peakkkkkkkkk SUPER PEAK 
At Disney land receiving some blessings bippidy boppody boo style 
Somehow they allow people dressed up in Mario Kart costumes to zip around Tokyo. It’s called MariCar 
Just got out of watching 
Pooches, plants & porridge. 3 of my favourite things 
Drawing pets in costumes today was the perfect antidote to this dull Tuesday. 


I meant Giving TUESDAY! 
Yes mate. Feel a bit rough but nothing a night out wont cure 
I don't know if I'd be able to handle it in person you know...madness! 
 this gif is spot on! It's 2007 phat
Mans dem fuck me up last night 
Happy Friday, stay Strong and Stable 
Chelsea 
7 goals thanks 
Oi is it only me that thinks 
280 characters to talk more shit 
Keep it up lol u man are just motivating me to play at my very best 
Love that bro 
Briggzzyyyy you can’t do that to your old team 
It’s rivalry week. 
we had 
You know you've made it when you get in Images print industry mag! 
Sometimes you’ve just got to laugh 
XXXXL overcoat hoody!! 
He is too much 
“Reunited and it feels so good” 
Why you don’t follow me back on ig den ?
That puppy going ham on that titty 
Cheer up lad 
Ayy can't wait to see 
 4 tickets purchased for Leicester next year. I’m very excited.It will be our 4th time seeing you.Thanks mum 
Absolutely brilliant as always!! I've lost count how many times I've seen them but each time they get better and better! They make me feel like a 10year old fan girl 
Giving the dangler a mention on 
It’s Jess’ bday - a beautiful girl in every way. No Twitter, so she won’t see this 
This is the best 
Ain't no coincidence... (don't mind my hair and yes I'm in my halloween costume 
I was just gonna clean something mama...  
Oi! I’ll have you know Lis.. this ol’ Daresugg video is Asked for every bloody day! Just giving the people what they want 
Major fridge goals 
 ws mad Bar-baric with the barz on "Your Father".....1. I couldnt stop laughin sire
king shit!!! Ask ur mummy.. "mummy honestly who is my father"
The year i was born mummy who was climbing you like a ladder? 
If Mr Eazi & Shatta Wale knows what is best for them, they better go & meet De Gea to save their dying career 
 baba, to cross bridge nor easy o. I go psych myself up make am soon
Haha it must of been the angle they’re normal! 
Hope that last word's a case of predictive text 
Visited yesterday (Tues), love the shop but sensed something was about to change... Will miss it so much! <3
Greggings
Enjoy your 
Subtle 
"How much did dad say they were" 
“entry level “
“I could have a go. I have like 26 a day”  “Was gonna say. You’ll get your cig wet” 
I think he’s too big for the hole 
Lols 
Kitty accidentally pressed the turbo button 
 welcome to my world 
Ooooops in London then
Umar Siddiqui watching 
Thanks for all the lovely tweets tonight Guys and gals glad we make you laugh 
Love it thank you 
Top work from those who arrived at the Lake before I'd turned the heating on 
 ON KIMMY SCHMIDT RIGHT NOW 
You guys are so funny
Who wore it better? 
Well that’s a first, the provision scanner at the airport flagged my sleeve 
get so happy watching people on twitter get into uni
Get use to being up for every challenge Amir 
Fab weekend in London! 
I smash my phone way too much to chance this
"I've seen his penis!" 
Weird sun. 
Brilliant again from the little shite. John Maughan in the sun bed priceless 
All I want for Christmas is U...2. 
: as an homage to their 11 herbs & spices, 
I'd cry and run out the store 
This packers game has me laughing 
For the WIN... Yeah maybe not 
How to write readable code - can you tell from that slide? 
I'm most certainly a very serious person that deserves serious cables 
ALLL while the classical music is bumpin in the back 
This is the best video i have ever seen 
It's not just the horses who love Kentucky boots .... Coco says they make a great pillow 
Wearing my gorgeous 
 this is SOOO cool, maybe put me in some wicked shoes 
Very easily! Maybe we'll do a twitter version tomorrow 
How long are ye in the real capital for 
Omg this kid kidsplaining to Ryan how cows are fed is the BEST! 
 you almost killed us & 
Niggas wasn't outside arguing about 40cal,  or bumping "back like cook crack" mixtapes 
Yooo wats wrong wit Phil 
Lmfaooo GTFO 
Hope you never lose the pink slip to a car you just got....before registering it 
Like I'd wear a blindfold while singing it 
Niggas be in my ear in the club rapping over whatever song is playing 
Healthy breakfast 
So I’ve played with the new iPhone X and officially love it 
Me every time I listen to Lights. 
FAMILY FIGHT ON THANKSGIVING! 
My Parents React to my MUSIC VIDEO!! 
When people take FOREVER TO PAY! 
I don’t think there’s anyone else like you una
We stay laughing 
How you just gona type "No" and not even add a "LOL" 
Like that and it sucked somewhat. But nowadays, people show support online so I guess that's something. Right? 
Also Barry doing the "Don't ever ask me that question" 
Don’t get me started about “artist” who were glad to be “apart” of the show 
Need 
When the guy you are talking to doesn’t know Spanish. 
Great work today with 
I’m afraid to fart.. 
"Trying to crash another party, love?"
I LOVE TRACER ! Too bad widow wins in this short 
Ever wonder what radio guys wear to work? 
Classic Bo Dukes 
It took an article talking negatively about white people to get our student body president to make a statement about racism on our campus. Not the Nazi’s. Not his senator being exposed for calling a student a nigger. Not the white nationalist flyers. This article was “too far” 
That look when you’re so close to finishing your book and someone tries to talk to you… 
Our thoughts exactly. 
This is one of the reasons why he's one of my favorite directors.  
 Don't be the Grinch that stole Christmas Leeto. We survived those music videos with the guy with the afro prancing around in tight tights & everybody else in the band with white fur... Me I'm here for Boney M...
Such a lazy use of language
Lmao oh! So they mean female cousin?
Lol I get it. I'm about to meet my cousin brother right now. He's my cousin but we might as well be siblings. This is how black people do family. We family different 
By the time she turns 2 she'll be driving
Smh the way my mom saves my dad’s number is so dramatic 
BB-8, meet...BB-8! We're seeing double with these cute 
 "When 
 touching nerves
Feel bad for em but this is funny
Ugh not another show in 
Dead 
When he thought it's gonna be a photo but it wasn't 
Shame man... They always picking on this guy 
When The Address, Chilli Bar and one80dartpub1 comes together 
33 attempts 1 goal. 
The Raiders honored 98-year-old Pearl Harbor survivor Mickey Ganitch before today's game & he was ready to get after a QB 
That’s you 
You better average that triple double! 
Jay AJAYI got ROASTED on the sidelines after his 71 yard run for getting caught 
Amused: 
That day2 
Up north I’m dead
This GIF
FOMO!! 
WHEN 
 raw sauce!! No ketchup!
I caaaaynt 
Before you shame Shamiso... ask yourself if you even qualify to be international stocko?
Kyrie Sounds like a Ex girlfriend 
 Thank u 
why did this just make my day 
who said big guys can’t catch?
Gordon Hayward already back on the court has Kevin Love SHOOK 
 aye unk 
When yo momma say “we got food at the house” and warm up them Thanksgiving left overs for the 5th day in a row. 
Had the pleasure to pass rush against him. Let’s just say my Madden moves didn’t go as planned 
You are not the "FATHER" 
“Next Tom Brady” 
Oh hell nah, I’m not fallin for this lol. I’m young not stupid 
YOOOO black people HAVE to be the funniest people on this planet our comedy is on a whole nother level 
Screenshot recording 
 Happy Birthday best friend thanks for making me laugh more than anyone!!!
If Clemson and Ohio St. win, I'd love to see the committee pull a D10 and have Alabama and OSU have a "play-in" bowl game on Dec. 26th. 
One bumps into the most random people at the cricket 
Why did all the Phoenix Suns players started running back all at the same time 
Brooooooo , Dogs jus like humans I swear 
Aye lil bro you keep ballin on that field, put some weight behind those hits 
Fasho ADub but Chilllllllll lol
That one time my boyfriend & I remade vines at 3 am.... 
IM SCREAMING 
- Rochester NY airport- 
If this gets 500 rts you have to take Kastriot
Men only „party“
Simply, Conor McGregor​ 
Conor McGregor​ knows how to open a show 
Logan Morrison wasn’t happy about that call 
When you play catch with Dad 
They went deer hunting during the rain delay 
And here we are complaining about 
Great night last night / this morning with 
PISSED....
You know sometimes u gotta just... log off! Courtesy of 
The stare down Kanan VS Major....LMAO
The gate broke down! 
Watch this space... available to everyone soon.... wahoo! Exclusive Froomy! 
Listened in my run this morning - the Jekyll & Hyde made me chuckle 
Penguin falls down resulting in best sound ever 
About yesterday 
Niggas got so faded we broke into a 4 part symphony 
"what's it like having siblings?" 
AMAZING: 
Video of the year!!! 
This video is still too funny 
Good 3 points on the road. Enjoyed being back at Watford much more than last year! Don’t even think about it, 
Mark Hughes has got Morecambe fans raging thinking this quote is aimed at them...legend! 
Can't believe you smashed them baubles in John Lewis though 
Whyyyy did no one tell me it was tonight 
Dying. Her little angry face 
 seriously would like to know what I was doing!!
Who's that idiot in the background 
"Wanna go to Vietnam and get weird together?" 
I love Toff 
My photoshop skills are improving 
Giving someone a peck in a game of ring of fire is totally different to getting into bed and trying it on with someone.. God we’re mature..
If mine and 
Only in Texas do you read this in a race flyer. 
If I just killed myself in the pool trying to keep up with a current pro athlete, you can push yourself to do this fun workout
This year marks my 10th year doing the steeplechase, and I only signed up for it because of a scheduling conflict in high school. - 2017 Jackie Joyner-Kersee Award winner 
Happy 30th to my absolute brother @tomerringtonpr ....you old as f**k 
And the other dude saying 'babe'...but he ain't gonna win either way 
Jack is pure jokes 
We were perusing our photos from earlier this season and guess what we found? The back cover of "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" 
Ha. And why would I do that?? I like mine perfectly fine!!! 
OMG. Uncle Rob is my hero!!! 
What a strike from Rooney last night... haven’t seen him strike a ball that cleanly since, well, that volley in 2005... 
If you use 
Kids say the funniest things 
This is how i read them from anybody who’s never stepped on a college field 
First i moved bed to sleep on the,wall after i wanted to go to bath room 
Well, Peter is the best. Will be one hell of a Slovakian party tonight. 
Seriously who steals a grill 
 I mean 
Goodbye guys, I’m moving here
I think black twitter full of suburban blacks who never felt black enough as kids so they get on here & be extremely black...but in reality, they scared of niggas 
Yeah my mums a LEGEND!!!!! 
I just watched that movie today. 
Who wore it best? 
This was the best bit "because the ones from Birtwistles are fucking shite' 
Super excited for this 
Now I know what I’m giving for all my Christmas presents this year!! 
When taking the piss backfires 
I have since learned who techno Viking is 
"I drank about eight Gatorades last night & this morning." 
What goes down during fight week!! 
 looking forward to playing against you for years my man. Fun times
Ruptured ACL but who cares after a 95th minute winner 
Outta here! 
 pigeons just don't care anymore bro 
 I got in through my door like this
 based on my TL more people were actually interested in Lampley crying than the fight
FFS 
Wow!!! 
Tom Holland accidentally showing thousands of people the “confidential” Infinity War Poster on his Instagram live stream is the best thing I’ve ever seen 
when your takeaway finally arrives 
Says the Central Bank that once printed $100 Trillion Bank Notes 
This!! 
Always told my kids I was ahead of the game 
Some days 
Wasn’t that funny, though? Every once in a while I still see a response thinking I was talking about the election.
That escalated quickly! 
This guy in a bar just told me “you seem like a fairly dark dude, how are you so optimistic?” 
Coach 
 already got our wristbands for tonight! 0400 wake up was worth it!! Your biggest fan is beyond thrilled (and even picked out her outfit because she thought you would love it
She driving 3 hours for that Tv time honey
About last night... 
Great amount of teddies donated tonight but Clangus the star star of the show as usual 
When you losing in 2K and it's 4th quarter 
 if you need any stand ins my kids have been playing at being Shed Seven for the last hour 
Im Sorry But Im Not Gonna Ask You “What’s Wrong” 27282 Times Before You Tell Me 
Bruh I literally got tripped and kicked in the head 
Haha yes, could also invite the neighbours from Somerset and do a nice smoked cheddar 
That moment when you get name checked on 
*of coffee 
Sir 
(Retta, update them hashtags
Well this took an unexpected turn! 
Would you try bug bread? It's safe to say 
If you need a lesson in persistence, just speak to 
THAT WAS AMAZING.... 
Because we  have been lied to all this time 
 in the making of this post 
Just watching them@on those 
Word of warning from 
If only 
. Can't get "Told You So" off of repeat. 
Soooo 
Live radio nerves. 
When 
Flippin' best birthday ever. Get to do my 2 fave things. Radio & Swimming. (Yeah my girlfriend took me swimming 
The real question is who’s team up with Beyoncé is better? J Balvin or Ed? 
We’ve all got a mate with a pet eel right? 
Just in case I forget anyone on the insane 
 aye unk 
When yo momma say “we got food at the house” and warm up them Thanksgiving left overs for the 5th day in a row. 
Had the pleasure to pass rush against him. Let’s just say my Madden moves didn’t go as planned 
digiwaxx 
This ain’t no UPSET it’s reality. 
Watch what happens when 
I am half Filipino & the accuracy that this video portrays is JOKES !!!!! Only Pinoy people will understand the crude love from their relatives on a daily basis, not just holidays 
Where he’s going. He’ll have a clearance, to the mail room, kitchen,license plates shop or the fields. Come and go as you please. 
Flynn prob walked in like I ain’t telling you S***. Mueller you’re looking at 25-40 yrs, he told me to do it. 
Tell them don’t worry both pests and occupants won’t occupy WH much longer. 
The gel they use can’t be purchased at the commissary. 
Terrible placement 
My 
I’ll hold my piece until after the game !!!.... but until then let’s round up some gators and watch this game together boss 
Embiid starting more beef 
Yes, 
This dude 
#5 is about all that lol 
Boys wanna stunt on social media now 
I’m on the floor! 
Sitting back watching the national media guys be played like a fiddle... 
It’s rivalry week. 
Facts tho 
#46 got scared and just fell to the ground
Me fighting my pride to text first.
 lol 
Now let's see if we can fix this little problem too......that second tweet tho 
LeBron & D-Wade must have thought this was the Heat days 
Letting 
Your head gone 
I can't see out of my left eye bro
Floyd 
Lmaooooo bruh 
My sketch from "Ellen" is up...although I'm not sure how many of these she'll sell 
More fun on "Ellen" 
"God, why am I wearing a thermal in 100 degree weather?" 
2 all my gogo lovers 
These niggas clowns my guy 
Caught a body after someone pissed him off
This is great 
 shots to top! He worked! Nothing can stop me tho! 
Lil kids these days so wavy 
Tweets from a dopefiend volume 1 
WATCH: Want to see two-and-a-half minutes of F1 drivers messing up and joking around?

It's the best out-takes and bloopers from Grill The Grid 2017 
Sorry 
Kyle Petty … or should we say, Cal Weathers? 
Q: What happens when you mix 
 has a whole new meaning for Miguel & I now 
Calling the battle 
 Facts that shit was epic 
Behind the scenes of Psych: The Movie! I’m so excited for December 7! 
Meanwhile in Abu Dhabi.... Never get too big for your boots 
Ummmm he look like my uncle right there in that pic tho. LMFAOOOOOOOOO!! 
Chill Fam!!! I Didn’t Know She Was With You 
You would think I had a drinking problem. 
Bonnie Godiva next radio interview: 
 best response.
 ready when you are bruh
Fatrick Ewing & POORzingis At The Knicks Game 
YOOOO 
you two need to jump on the ring real soon...but rum 2-1 tho!
 This Time I Got Denzel Washington As My Hype Man 
Seeing that new mickey mouse snapchat filter made me jump all around the room like a 5-year-old kid 
You look cute in this pic I look a hot ratchet mess 
I win again! 
HOMAGOD!! 
This one too good y’all too crazy 
Thank me Later 
When you see bae walk by in booty shorts 
 i just said... "i bet he's tweeting"
Novel concept there 
I love when people tell me how non- committed Martin and I are to eachother because we’re not married! As if you would know. 
That’s freaking awesome 
We gave 
It annoys me so much how ignorant ppl are about their internet 
The last one 
Blesssss faaaam lol 
Ahhhhh I like the way the vibes are building up for this bday bash faaaam 
 this might be one of my favourites!! This was so so funny, I have tears in my eyes!! Honestly that has made my day 
Well this is news 
Looks like a snowman jacuzzi 
Showed boyfriend a picture of myself and awaited the usual "you look gorgeous"....
Instead! 
He said...wait for it! 
He said... "you look healthy" 

Oh great thanks! 
In fits of giggles at tonight's 
James & Dave Franco what they love most about each other & their CRAZIEST auditions ever 
I’ll make sure I wear some Xmas socks tomorrow and tweet a pic - I was wearing some Rudolph ones last Sunday 
black friday in the us vs the uk 
these guys will go and do road for 2 few weeks, doing the minimum work on the feild. then after will start realising singles on link up tv screaming "the roads is all i know" 
Big Shaq has made it to the House of Commons 
That's who ya messing with a real G 
Some ppl jus love the sound of there own voices 
 Throwback to that time me & my don SP MC had an imaginary freestyle battle with an imaginary mic 
Twitters a public forum to express thoughts/feelings/opinions…

YES I am an artist and like you SHOULD be proffesional (so I both understand and commend your neutrality)

But I am First a person who makes music for other people… 

Not MCs

So I can be as savage as I like… 
 These times Uncle Jack is at home like…
Don’t think the worlds ready for what we done yana… As much as I love 
If I don't get a Sunday dinner today I ain't dropping the ep Friday you can all starve like me 
GUYS!!!!
No disrespect to any other UK MC’s but Shadz just fucked yo bitch 
Trying out a new barbers today. More nervous than when I asked 
You can't remix a future classic like that lol 
Why you don’t follow me back on ig den ?
That puppy going ham on that titty 
Why does k-trap still bother hiding his face? We've all seen that shit on snap 
this why the dick game stays strong 
Big up Harry tho, man said he's sick of having no seasoning on his meals 
Why are you taking a keen interest...bar of the year 
Who did this? 
ONLY IN LONDON 
Thank you!
This guy 
 You need to give 
 sick show so far you was just going in with the nursery rhymes 
Fifth Harmony at 
She said "for you" and Future said "nah for us"
Mourinho’s reaction to Ashley Young’s free kick. 
His face 
Just set my account up with 
ENTERPRICE is soooo relatable
And yet more smooth talking from me about my new book 
Mad mad mad love to everybody supporting the music. I’m still going through yesterday’s notifications now 
Big Poppa Gibbs 
I love police 
We agree but our opinion is a bit biased 
This is what is called failing to complete the process 
How many Alex's can you fit on 
Priceless!


Sitting in a half empty mway service station. Dozens of empty seats... and I’ve just had to stick my hand out to avoid being sat on !!! 
When your daughter’s predictive text takes over 
Two people getting married and causing quite a stir. But this is worth looking at for the responses it’s garnered 
When your husband reads the diabetic jam label after he’s eaten half a jar !!! 
  you've made the list 
When you're asked to carve the turkey…. 
Pharma bro felon Martin Shkreli might lose his $2million Wu-Tang album 
This video has just made our Thursday! 
Lol let me spell this out for you:

You dating/courting/procreating with someone outside your race will not end racism 
Even at my age winning still feels pretty damn good 
It's frosty this morning at HydroGarden HQ 
AI has arrived 
If this isn't me and 
I was wearing ripped jeans today and Carlos' mom saw me & said "wow times must be really tough" 
I swear, I think we heard cheers across the street when we announced we were delivering the 
The three dogs got out safely....... so now we can laugh. 
If I walked in on somebody having surgery and said dr maybe should start your incision here lol that dr would look at me crazy 
Of course Barrett knows their offense. He's been there like 8 years! 
 is officially here! Get up to speed on your favorite players' nicknames (even Gardner 
Arsene Wenger right now 
Not bad...there’s always next week 
Love it!!! You will only get this if you watch the tv series Suits 
 we are on our way to paint and throw a few pots 
This is the funniest thing ever 
RT if 
Ahh what good times we have 
We may have found our new intro music 
Nice lil scream 
Arsenal and Cologne fans signing “Tottenham Are S**T” from one end and back 
Was not expecting that 
 Croydon Man 
Indianapolis 
Cracking day down at Cottesloe today. Some quality efforts at Stand up Paddle Boarding from the boys
What a header! 
No idea what you are talking about DC!

Well played gents  
Never work with animals, children AND 
When your 3 year old children decorate your tree 
So Battlefront 2 is a fremium game that costs £50? 
Golf can give you so much joy & make you want to punch yourself in the head, all in one day 
Looks like 
If I remember correctly I did that a while back so you copied me!
This picture was only taken 5 years ago, not! 
I’m hearing rumours that 
Sounds about right... 
Props to Warner for giving away Kendra Scott jewelry at the 
When you’ve got a thing for beards... 
What a signing won everything there is to win, just Lincolnshire senior cup missing 
Alan’s throwing grenades all over place 
How does he get away with it 
Not a bad day at the office that one 
Does anybody remember that Sunday League match at Scarborough in 2001? You might need to jog 
Great interview with Michael O’Leary there from 
 ........... Best interview on a race course all year. 
Trainers' title?! 
 don’t miss your length buddy.. 
Unlucky mate 
 When 
After a wonderful night of music from 
These guys... 
About to binge on the 
Thanks for the presents 
Drone Disaster! 
Happy 21st 
He kept insisting, so there was one thing left to do.... sign his forehead! 
okay, i've finally stopped eating 
 this is still one of my proudest moments. I am so focused
Lucky for me I can fight 
Only 2 days until 'Elf on the shelf' arrives! We want you to share your 
10 minutes to go!!! 
I opened the first door on my 
 any donations welcome 
Just picked my little bro up from school and the school said ive got to take another kid home apparently it was organised, take the kid home and no ones in, turns out he was meant to go with someone else!! So I've got a kid in my car who's not meant to be! 
QUALITY: Lee Sharpe's story of Sir Alex Ferguson after Eric Cantona's red card vs Palace. 
Why have cocktails by the pool when you can have 
When you're so competitive you end up racing a 
Love when someone watches Netball for the first time since school... they are always surprised at how fast and physical the game is 
When your physio gets involved in the session 
Farrrrk 
Your what???? 
Malie cuz! 
It's December, so as far as I'm concerned it's Christmas 
Back at it with the brother the best in the game 
If you were a character off 
You crack me up David 
 Nicely handled 
Funniest episode of 
Rosebae 
No Laugh Challenge Part Two with 
Great idea for 
Ruthless from BBC Sport 
Coming back to all the schoolwork after being gone for two weeks be like 
“I
Running is boring you say?! 
I mean who hasn’t wanted to do this at 3:00 am at some point in their lives?
I LOVE MY MOM
Pick a day and time amongst yourselves, head to Mr Milton's, devise a plan to take over Garden Place and leave while 
run con·cierge (noun): “A tour guide and a trainer and a friend all in one” 
John Martin 
280 characters and all these new emojis? What a world of possibilities we live in
The twitter spam-control is preventing my from doing a Shalane cheer one letter at a time, but Go Shalane! 
I swear this video killed me...I had no idea that I was that bad in high school 
Pretty sure kevin doesnt even know what his best foot is 
One of the best costumes I’ve seen 
My dog has 4x the followers that I do 
Mam hold off getting me a calendar! 
Bit of a love in going on between this account and 
Straight to 
 that’s why half backs shouldn’t try and stop a maul!!
I still shop in next 
 Brilliant!!
Giving the skipper 
You know Brett Johns is still partying on because he's still liking everything that comes up on his twitter 
One of the best days of the year, putting up the Christmas tree on the 1st, the youngest had the honours of putting the angel on top of the tree this year even though she fought nail and tooth for it to be a unicorn!!!
The queen called to say that I was probably going to be next in line to the throne but I would have to agree to a photo shoot.... 
Can you see me in the 
Neymar gets a taste of his own diving medicine! 
Antonio Conte jokes that he will warn his English players not to kick Eden Hazard ahead of the World Cup 
This kitty is really digging this song... 
All of a sudden Iv got a terrible craving for Christmas pud and custard Now . There's also more than one pudding in this picture 
I had some smashing news today , and I mean absolutely off the chart news, but I can't say noffin or noffin AGAIN 
OOOOOH LOOK MATCH OF THE  DAYS ON 
Me and my Smoothie 
Fair warning:
If you go to any of Joburgs top beer spots, there's a 50% chance you'll bump into 
People talking less about a guy who brought 68000 people in one place. Just because he couldn't get to 75000?
Don't Say Anything, Just Retweet, Only If You See It...
So true 
OMG that Mexican Wave 
Good people of 
Being petty will not take you anywhere in life 
Highly recommended! 
And we are 99.9% sure it’s coming from backstage 
Whoever is shouting nerdssssss after the crowd does the too sweet thing after a two count is a blessing 
Insert meet and greet after the hashtag. 
Ahaha, you can try iPhone. 
This month... I mean December 
Sorry, Adam (
Maybe
Maybe the most terrifying email subject line I’ve ever received? 
So it looks like The FA have seen what the 
Well, this caught my attention while watching programme about the Somme 
And he just so happened to slot over 5/5 conversions. He’s damn good at golf too. The git 
 someone’s just posted this ‘Alexandra Burke to appear in the U.K. Tour of Kinky Boots”
drinks reception, 1pm dining and fashion show with lots of 
What were you thinking!!! 
 So what if di dankey have likkle colour?
toastin up 
Getting into that holiday spirit over here 
 If you’re looking to save we’ve got you covered! 30-80% off continues until tomorrow 
Until 1850, shoes did not have a right of left foot, they were both simply straight! We can only imagine how poor the support must have been... 
Oops as soon as that ball moves back smith looks like a donkey 
Anyone just just seen ant take the piss of khan getting his head stuck in a gate 
Wonder which end 
With antlers comes great responsibility 
Mr Olive has found an Antique (well almost) date stamp in the DT Department! 
Age ranges 1969 to 1980. 
This when I be like nah guh talk to 
 y do I find this so funny 
Yo.... the Wizards just named their D-League team the Capital City Go-Go..... 
 iconn4thgenna (get_repost)
・・・

Have you received OUR Xmas card yet Sammy? 
No s*** would never have guessed. 
Pulling teeth is better than golf
Just missed this class 
 looked amazing in what she wore last night
to myself I was like yoo mi want a pic
but me deven worthy 
400 retweets and I'll pitch invade the Malta V England game
This is what happens when I make an advert 
Being scared is human 
Lewis Hamilton has the giggles during our review show.

But what on-track moment made him laugh? 
Smaddy a stalk chinny_unique Ig 
Hahahahahahah the effects of stiff large muscles jeffreyg.csmt highlight of yesterday’s golf #


“
When English cricket fans want their beach ball back 
Try to beat this guy! 
And you're in my 'hometown'. What a place
The lindor chocolate orange is yummy too! Terry's chocolate orange is such a classic though. I still remembers the Dawn French ad for it years ago. "It's not Terry's, it's mine!!". 
Duuude
Hahaha will get too much abuse for this!
Eden Hazard mimicking Raheem Sterling's style of play. 
WATCH: The moment Thomas Muller dodged the press by having a phone call on his passport. Happy birthday! 
BOY-FRIEND GUESSES THE PRICES OF GIRLY THINGS!.. 
Always dangerous teaching your Mrs to punch. 
Delighted we managed to locate some ptarmigan - first time I’ve seen them close-up - but I’m keen to revisit in the spring to see how they transform back from white to dark brown. I could do with a few tips! 
You know when you say something so many times it losing meaning & the more you try the worse it gets...? 

THAT 
Haha great effort lads!!! Definitely check yourselfs regularly but you don’t have to do it on the pitch, yeah?! 
Thanks so much - we like to take Hero Week to the extreme here in Belfast 
Classic 
Think it was too cold for the ice cream mate 
this is the best video i have ever seen 
Ayy can't wait to see 
 4 tickets purchased for Leicester next year. I’m very excited.It will be our 4th time seeing you.Thanks mum 
Now where is Strava's activity for moving house? Just a bit behind with training week 
HAHAHA This guy is lit!!!
Great way to start my 1 year anniversary or else 
Great night tonight seeing 
Hopefully we can motivate & make you laugh with our 
I call it the ‘Stake Whip’ and it’s great for getting around tight corners 
Made it just over two years and we’re still married! Guess I’m doing something right 
Take a deep breath 
London is keeping its eye on us as our Blockchain adventure continues... the Ferris wheel is called the eye of London if you don't get the reference... I think I offended some when I asked about the Ferris wheel 
 is 'is it possible for me to finish this XL tub of Ice cream?' I always know the answer. 
Not unbeaten like... 
Well lads ! we are still unbeaten pardon the pun 
It’s the hope that gets you 
 Don't be the Grinch that stole Christmas Leeto. We survived those music videos with the guy with the afro prancing around in tight tights & everybody else in the band with white fur... Me I'm here for Boney M...
Smh the way my mom saves my dad’s number is so dramatic 
And humans think they can outsmart dogs... 
Bandwagon squad. The bench warmers are ready 
"I can trust him as far as I can push a house" 


This little guy's reaction to his annoying bro sleeping on him has made my day 
Videos and interviews like this keeps me motivated. 
S'appnin' Bitton? 
Remember when people said Harry Kane was a one season wonder? 
If your mates don’t already know you’re the 
I died!!! 
So who is the BIG BOSS in this photo? 
One more teaspoon of honey champ! 
 me and my princess !!! I will NEVER have that "im a detective" mustache again 
Y’all my littlest dog tries so hard to get up on the couch 
Black Twitter Is About To Show Out 
My reaction when someone told me Mc Lyte got married to a man 
What were you thinking corgi? 
 How good! 10 years...
Lot of chaos and jhagdas in the 
It seems that T is taken with his 
L Love it! I completely forgot about similar scary stuff from my childhood. The Singing Ringing Tree OOFT!
What doesn’t kill you, makes you dirtier 
Finally, I could type my password. phew. 
Look who is on 
When you win a home World Cup, but your graph wasn't perfect....
 “pls follow me pleaseeeeee” 
2nd visit this week to 
Thank you for a Great evening Beth 
Quite possibly be best tweet I've read in q very long time. 
It’s a chilly day! Good job Cosmo brought a hat!! Brrrrr or should that be Grrr!!! 
Hello from digital detox day three. I don’t know how long I’ll be limiting myself to 15 minutes of social media time per day but I am really loving it and challenge you to try the same. Bye again until next time and have a good weekend 
HELLO 
Well for 
 What Is He Like
Never mind ...
I’m dead 
Good 
Undone by Jesse Lingard 
When you're GF & DF but your Mum nails it and just gets you a candle advent calendar 
The best celebration ever!!! 
Talk to me people..... £113million £££££££!!! 
Kevin Durant was not feeling this Peyton Manning joke AT ALL 
Literally me every time I hear this song. 
Today I broke a record. The pageant is still 4 days away & my gown is DONE! 
The night is dark and full of face swaps 
My finest moment, new LinkedIn profile pic right there 
Am I the only one who picks which bathroom to use based on the better WiFi signal? Because we have a few that are faraday cages here. 
Invented a new word during my 6 o’clock Live shot: “Treaths”

It’s a combination of Trees and Wreaths. 

Wasn’t hard to think of—My mouth and brain just decided to say it 
I am SCREAMING! It is time the world knows. This is by far the best production I've seen from NBC to date 
COME ON 
Lol Me
That’s weird, we use Adobe products to help determine that. They must be broken again 
Susan! 
I’m done with the internet today 
just to clarify i wasn't actually fucked up hahaha they were being sarcastic i love u keem 
BB-8, meet...BB-8! We're seeing double with these cute 
  hoppers shows people the type of person you are & not in a positive matter. Those people are not loyal and are joke. 
Suck it. 
Matching PJs for dogs and people?! 
 This is amazingly hilarious. And scary/sad AF
Mastiff madness! 
As if 
Dying! 
Long time no see uncle snoopdogg Thanx for playing with a playa today 
Y'all win 
Sanji FINALLY did something. It took 2 years but is the year of Sanji about to begin 
As you can see race car drivers and basketball players have a very small height difference
No better feeling then getting your car door finally open after locking your keys inside
YO 
Funny stream, and was awesome catching up with you all. PS, tell Mat to put the bottle down. 
Hope your day sounds better than mine 
Go check out my 
 Who can relate? 
Retweet for all you fortnite lovers 
"THEY GOIN TO LOWER MY SPEED ON MADDEN" 
A team at my local needed a fourth before roster lock. 
Pro point matches with the LAN squad apparently we are playing pros next so it should be interesting I
@DemonicShotzz Straight up DMd asking and I was like, "Wait hold up...I know this...DAMMIT-WAIT, I GOT IT!"

Hip hop blingo with the boys! 
Last night endet up 1,6 up, only 1k anymore. Good games, was fun and hopefully everyone knows by now that i play for fun 
THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE VIDEO 
IM DEAD 
THIS IS PERFECT 
LeBron was too hyped about the Ohio State game 
Never celebrate until the river is dealt 
Sometimes they do have it 
Great Fun playing with 
Manual is the funniest human being I've ever met 
Stay in your lane, stop worrying about other people 
Twaz doesn't have a sparrow yet, so he hitches a ride on mine in the meantime. 
Dawg missed the bus, this shit so funny Bra I swear 
When I play Fortnite a lot of the gamer tags that kill me or I kill have the tag YT or TTV at the end 
Back on my ego shit, no one deserves it more than my team of 5 6 month of trolling 
Almost 24hours later and we still haven't slept 
Anyone else find this video when they were a kid and it made you wanna go do something crazy?


I touched a button! What you gonna do about it
NOT SHOUTING GUYS, APPARENTLY IT'S INTERNATIONAL CAPS LOCK DAY. 
When trying to convince your friend to buy 
HORRIFIC!

The WORST Elite One Monthly rewards EVER are live now! Trust me, you don’t want to miss this! 
You know England are shite when a plane landing in the net gets the biggest cheer 
How does one obtain such succulent grips? 
I am having a disagreement with 
We've seen so many titles played here in the BYOC sections, but it's not only about games... 
They say a picture paints a thousand words - but what do you think 
I almost peed myself 
This is the best video i've seen on the internet in awhile 
Come stop by the stream! 
Hey.. We always begin slow don't worry 
"Oh! Fancy running into you here, 
Joke 


thx but change picture pls 
That last photo took some effort, the cat wanted to wear the 
When the guy you are talking to doesn’t know Spanish. 
This is the edit we needed 
Why do i hav so much skin??? 
Adding Super Smash Bros sounds to animal videos 
Some of these are painfully accurate 
Aye shout out to the people that were making turkey noises with us before every map 
My cousins dancing All Night, I arranged two to dance with me 
Nothing but respect to 
How UPS Workers Training For The Holidays 
Basketball Anime Be Like 
I fucks with the way FYC hypes themselves up 
Icy couldn’t wait to come back to the circuit just to get 2-0ed the first game back on LAN 
Pubs at its finest 
Cold boy
Frank had me weak 
For my first event....I think I did pretty OK
Look how short my dude 
Shhhh I’m tryna snipe 
 watch me in this new gears ad it’s a pretty cool ad, don’t judge me for my long hair 
I stay ready 
The gift I gave 
Better keep yo shit on you, you never know 
The way 
Has the Christmas party season taken its toll? Send us a 
 coming in for his high five!! 
I'm in tears
The cowboys should actually be ashamed of themselves 
Funny cos it's true! 
You should hear some of the things me and my sisters call my disabilty... It's how we deal with it... through humour! 
Ooh do they know you took these photos? 
Would it be useful for lightening cables to have those little clips on the end like on MacBook chargers to keep them tidy? This immediately unsprung itself after this photo so I think - yes 
It means so much! Thanks “Sean” 
I'm planning a hair surprise that begins in January & ends over the course of the summer. Actually no im just along for the ride- 
Sometimes I shoot out of bed from an adrenaline rush & have to get up & breathe it out 
OH MY GOD NO. I ruined everything. 
The man driving my cab is around my age & ridiculously good looking & he knows I'm checking him out in the rear view mirror 
Do you guys think this vein is blown? 
Exciting family Christmas tree here we come !! Let the gold bling begin lol 
Genius! New product line in spoof decals on the way! 
BTCC Subaru spotted on secret test. 
LOL what are you wearing 
....that time you think, damn, I'm about to nail this ....and then you don't 
Twitter is in full force tonight. 
 you know you want to. 
Also thank you 
Na na na. Hey Hey Hey....Goodbye!! 
Great show guys, thank you. The genre defining problem is real!! 
This shit had me crying for 10 min now 
 pretty immune to scandal it seems 
Budden talking about Neo Soul Hoes 
My niece’s mother is just 
 mocking it
Arsenal fans hating 
Did yall see this mase meme?? 
I hear Verlander.  
And saying: lock his ASS up. 
Man, I don’t know whether to be happy or sad after 
Hahaha this one got me
i’m emily 
Never a dull interview when 
By the way, we’ve already had a lot of people at 
Safe travels to those headed home today. To those still sleeping, you’ve got all day to recover before work tomorrow. 
The funniest video on the internet right now 
When the ref calls travel 
One of my favorite parts of the podcast with Jaylen Brown: Quick message to fans who think they can go 1-on-1 with NBA players 
Gotta love Boston Fans lol...nickname suggestions?? 
I’m Sitting in stands fan yells to the ref “that’s a bad call white boy” 
There’s tournaments going on right now, but it’s one of those days where I don’t feel like filming any of you busters. 
Bruh 
Nick Young once saw a bright blue light in the dream. And Swaggy P was born 
Cheap Nike jerseys the NBA got. 
Man don’t tweet me no nonsense like this. You know wsp with me 
 your video with the water had me dieing
 Yoo yalll made it to 2Chains snap lool
During 
It’s ova wit..I’m bout to average 40
UPS Orientations Gotta be like..
Good question 
 awesome stream!
She thought she recognized someone. 
 impeached? Y’all really don’t know how this goes do you..? He’s about to pardon his boy for the crimes he committed getting him elected. Like robbing a bank WITH the police. 
ONLY REAL COMEDY FANS KNOW WHAT I AM TALM BOUT 
MY SHOWER CURTAINS AINT UP YET IN MY NEW SPOT SO I HAD TO TAKE A BATH. WHY I FEEL LIKE I CANT DO IT 
Just took my first poop in my new spot.... officially mine now 
Ain't been in this hoe in ages 
 saydat den.
 the only famous mf i know that show love to EVERY single one of his fans/supporters. 
Trump can get impeached AND you can get fired my dude. 
Black people keep banking on Trump getting impeached as an excuse to all their mistakes/crimes
Let’s be clear: I taped DCJ in 2008, & am very proud to be alum. Also hosted an audition for this season. There’s no hate. Just sayn it before someone else did. 
I know one thing. The comedians that taped Def Comedy Jam are very NERVOUS right now. 
Get sum laughter in ya life!
OUT HERE APARTMENT SHOPPING IN L.A AND MY GIRL ACTING LIKE I GOT KYRIE IRVING MONEY... SHE BETTER BE GLAD MY MOMA DONT STAY OUT HERE 
WHEN SOMEBODY ASK WHEN YO NEXT SHOW IS AND YOU KNOW THEY AINT COMING -CHARLIEWILSONTV 
 loving the new camera quality! It’s bon appetit af! 
 they way you jumped into the water!!! 
People ask me why I like McQueen so much... well.. here's the reason 
Bruhhhh 
Omg McQueen No you didn't LMAOOOO! This is by far the funniest video you've ever made 
 vlog quality so crispy 
Bro you know 
Youuu from Arkanssaa
It’s probably best i wake up fully before walking down stairs 
When you're trying to do a postgame interview but LeBron is watching the Buckeyes 
Baby Spider Xan 
The best drive I ever seen effortless.. 
What a great feeling them tigers kills the chickens.. 
Just wait they making it look real good wait until Coach Swinney put his feet on the gas 
Y’all dbs better stop trying these receivers 
Zach smashed the QB tho 
How Superteams Gonna Be Looking To All The Other NBA Teams This Season 
Bro, 
“Stop actin like that cause you got all them muscles” 
And couldn’t capitalize so put the chain back up
 I can’t wait yo hear the excuses tonight after what we do to y’all miami boys. The “U” finna turn back upside down 
My favorite locker room video 
When you love her, but you want to rain on her parade at the same time 
So when do we build the statue of 
“Judge hit me with a restraining order but 
This is 11 y/o Molly. She’s been doing gymnastics for 7 yrs. She told me she wants to stick with it so that someday, young girls look up to HER! So inspiring - and she loves ice cream & Starbucks - my little spirit animal 
Lot of ways to vote!!!!! 
This is hilarious 
These marriage proposal fails are absolutely BRUTAL to watch. 
This girl was NOT happy to find out she's getting a little brother — but her feelings by the end are hilarious 
Kyrie Sounds like a Ex girlfriend 
Just how good is 
 for all of our shark enthusiasts out there 
Wait for it!! 
Well, this is just brilliant! 
You’re not helping us settle this argument, guys... 
The Michael Cera mugshot has our vote 
Replacement MacBook Pro does the same shit as the previous. 
Excellent video campaign! Well worth a watch... 
I’ve been with 
'Very sweet' 
I often enjoyed the view from the opposite side, on the bench!!!
 you'd be proud of this one Harps! Add to the collection 
Me & 
Just seen the team. May as well turn round and go home now 
Safe to say you didn't enjoy the apprentice tonight?? 
Nice to see 
Jimmy Bullard with the best version of 'Mans Not Hot'! 

Wow... 
If anyone’s got time to look at 
Enjoying some pretty 
Pre Christmas work do selfie, and probably the only decent one you'll get tonight 
On a similar note .. My girlfriend has asked me to stop doing my flamingo impressions.  I guess it's time for me to put my foot down! 
Saw this guy about to cross the road in Auckland. Obviously waiting for the lights to say FlaminGO! .. 
Retweet if you agree this is one of the greatest comedy moments ever 
"Can I just say good job on pushing Mr Nightingale out the window"

Creasing up at Prince 
Chris Coleman is doing a radio phone in for fans to ask questions. Some fella just called in....”no questions really, just rang for a chat.....I’ve been on the cans” 
"Why the tech world loves bullsh*t metrics" 
 A giggle in the 
Can see 
Nevermind, thought Kevin had died 
minipuzzle 01/12 
Back when snapchat use to ruin relationships 
Got a one match ban on 
Just been sent this by 
Saturday Night MOOD 
Hold tight Fenners, Big Shaq is coming for your job 
Are you having a laugh 
"I had the genius idea of putting her in a holdall." 
You are....
We perfected our warm up and got it down to a fine art!!
The original Three Degrees Sheila 
On the Rattler again down to the Smoke. 
Standing room only on the 
Cracking thoughts + insight from 
Had a bit of wind 
 hope you all stayed sober like I always do 
Had the best night 
How sweet 
Cannot wait - it’s going to be *such* a fun 
This is going to be the Christmas gift that keeps on giving... 
So how did the light switching on go 
 never fails to have me laughing in a morning 
 yes uk is stuck with me now
Outfit for it takes two tonight! Let's not talk about the pro challenge 
Only time 
No...and not sure I want too!!! I have a tour coming up!! 
I won't allow myself to be sucked in like that ever again!! 
Our photo could work perfectly as a 21st b'day AND Christmas card! 
Oi guys this might possibly have been my favourite moment of 2017 
Yep, that's right Brexiters. A nation of people tweeting about angel pillows, a child milking a toy cow & a man dressed as a lobster - with none of their kids in bed come midnight, holds the key to your EU negotiations.  
someone better practice her jelly package by monday 
Bought these 
Some of our finished nails today from 
Lol @ ref tho 
Home within 20 mins 
The funniest thing ever just popped up.  People actually thought I was cussing Isaac when he missed the shot, when I said "itaas mo ulo mo". 
Big day tomorrow for 
Quote this.. 
Mansour Bahrami leading by example as he puts on a fantastic exhibition for the 
Panama and Tunisia surely England... Surely 
When Carl Froch returned to Wembley 
Amir and Iain eating the treat and telling the camp they got the question wrong 
Love it bro, free kicks in the genes 
Stanley Johnson with the worst throwing technique I've ever seen 
The group chat is actually popping 
Some guy called Connor Hall has added me to a group chat full of Connor Hall's 
The only trial the girls won was passing balls through their mouths looool 
My smell.... which you have now ruined by calling it Saussage!! 
They’ve re done the voice at the end of the M&S ad!! 
At the end of this Peter had no idea I had permission to open the expensive booze .. pooped his pants 
How To Spend It Well At Christmas” is on 
OMG!! Dying! 
My mama ran a 5k this morning 
Credit where credit is due mate 
 I look like a right nonse
How we feel this Monday morning 
We got an expensive drone to test out ... it didn't go so well! 
Thinking of giving a friend or a loved one a drone for Christmas?


The gloves aren't making their parents buy them phones or pads are they 
 Ah lads Buddy D'Elf, brilliant stuff 
A lil Friday foolishness
Leopard. Tunics. Glitter. And Halle Berry???!!!! 
So much fun... SNATCHIN’ the wigs! 
I’ve been looking for you!!! My FAVORITE earrings EVER
My Mam is my favourite person but she needs to be stopped 
Man Alive Number 5 
We're helping out the incredible 
Life is all about balance 
Catching up on 
 please PLEASE give 
Wiggle Wiggle! 
when auto correct goes seriously wrong 
The chicken balls in the design of Ferrero Rocher 
Really nailing the uniqueness of Irish funerals lads 
I'm glad his horses have gone better this week 
She got the last laugh 
"First off, I was born. Big day for me." - 
Wait for it, wait for it...
One more
Wtf did I just witness in the barbershop 
 an Ass Whoppon.
Heard today from a founder:

I don't want to raise capital at a logical valuation. 

I want to raise at a psychological valuation.


I took on Alain’s 
 my bro 
Shout of to my guy holding this pose for the whole performance 
Well, it might not be 59-0 BUT the Bucks still might win by 59 
The WiFi names of my neighbours 
Terrified for my future 
Stumbled on 
Fucking nailed it! 
Hahaha you made her a dick head 
Yes bro 
 fair play 
Better picture this time brother? 
All thanks to you babs for lifting morale Thursday...
Always looking for the good angles, still clearly haven't found that piece of nothing I always seem to stare at beside me 
Why are humans on public transport so annoying 
Need a theme song? 
Loooool say bye to that shmonnney 
Hopefully with DJ equipment 
Catch MA1 at 
 my mate don't even produce like that but I got him to remix Anger Management & got it pressed on wax 
Just your standard 
Such fun with these lovely ladies. We've been swapping period stories and comparing drawing attempts...fallopian tube sketching anyone? 
 so true
Makes me wanna go church 
And if lovin the lord is wrong......I don’t wanna be right 
 assistant said at a shoot today can we do that shot with out your cap on? I was like "what" 
25 years apart 
Anyone from Croydon will know exactly which McD’s this is without seeing the full building 
 go on lad 
 when someone takes your tune and sings it better than u lol 
GOOD MORNING N BLESSING Big up Everton this should make u smile 
We've finally got an official promo video 
Same people who said my videos were shit earlier in the year hittin me up now for visuals 
Why does my mates company logo 
Christmas presents...  Tickets!!  Get your tickets!  Tour dates below....  
Treat Yourself Tuesday...that's a thing right? It is now anyway 
Fukken destroyed studio today! 
After a silly bill of £81 for an hour call to my TAB pal in Germany which O2 kindly sorted, I then try to get feedback on me new track from Suja the 02 Guru 
OMFG 
Whoa! Just woke up literally laughing in my sleep.. I was dreaming I was at  
Nah more like violet and dash cuz u more like a brotha to me 
Make a bad day much much better with 
 Pyscho Bridget is hilarious 
Wow how good was the finale of 
Is my pronunciation that bad? 
 Loving this! So random, but so good 
When you're a Jew photoshopped in to (a) Jesus and post it on Insta, you're fucked (it seems 
 my man hylts, on flames as always 
Woooooooooooooooooooo there it is 
 my man 
They’ve done well to find the Italian football priest from 
Getting rowdy on the tram in 
Outrageous scenes as I’ve just had to give up the lift (stopped by security) up to the media room at Dortmund to Mauricio Pochettino 
Man love fi twiss up the truth 
We got beatings for being clumsy - 
Looking back at carni vids. I was slumpeddd. Man like ed sheeran 
I’ve got him finally Cos he thought money was the be all and end all now he don’t want the money he wants my godfather title ya see 
Spreading the word 
Haven’t heard “nang” in years 
One young black brudda from South London playing Hip-Hop to 11,000 Red Hot Chili Peppers fans?? 


Roll on Saturday 
Australia, Festivals and really cool bikes!!
Vote for us at the 
That was easily best episode of the series so far
Now read that as a cheeky cockney geeza. Takes on a different meaning 
Haha bro, tweet of 2017, Na wait. The 2000’s 

Na wait, tweet of twitter since twitter started 
Djs drop ya attitude I know youtubers who cant vote yet who draw more crowds 
Who thinks our 
Great interview for Deep House Amsterdam with Boss Man David Scuba & Dance Spirit. Few giggles in this one. 
Meanwhile in Canada...
Why did they put him on blast like that?!?  
Why Jack‘s party mmr is 2400
Proof I’m terrible at “networking” - just spent 20m in line for a ride talking to the Regional Director of Latin(maybe South?)  America for Blizzard. Super great guy. Adorable kids. No idea what his name is & never told him mine 
We decided it’s called a 
This is my life motto. 
As much as I would have loved to have shared a visual, I’d never take a picture of someone and post without permission. 

That being said, your imaginations will do it justice juuuuust fine. 
Bring my IRL stream stuff though so I may do a stream or two from DL if the fam naps. 

I don’t nap at Disney. 
Doing errands that I forgot to do earlier and forgot I put these on while deciding if I wanted to pack them or not 
Art tests. I understand why they exist but dang that doesn't make them any less exhausting. Another one down. 
New school rappers 
"Stranger Things" pretty much does a whole KFC commercial in the middle of this episode 
When most people sit deep in thought, they’re thinking about big life choices. When I sit deep in thought, I’m thinking about what to put in my toast 
I’m finally back! LIVE right now over at twitch! Come hang out and watch me try to figure out the new LoL rune system 
ForViva's Older Persons Service team day  -what fun!! !!

ahhh thank you 
Lakaku’s first touch is terrible 
Lingard hit the sweetest milly rock. I wanted to join in and I don’t even support United 
Amazing how much fun balloons bring at any age 
I agree lol 
Thanks Shanghai for the very early morning welcome! 
Soooooo.... just checked tonight's box scores... Cuz was angry back in Sac huh?!?! 
Such a boring start from United here. They must be sick of this Mourinho hoor at this stage
 this is literally my boyfriend 
I’ve learnt that It don't matter if your girl is right or wrong, the argument aint over till you "understand where she’s comin from" 
‘I barely use Snapchat, they snap me once and they go into my best friends’ the best line is back 
Salah didn’t even play 20 games for Chelsea but he won’t celebrate a goal against them? 
Tyson Fury singing after winning against Wladimir Klitschko  28.11.15 
"Talking politics after the hunt wearing CH. The men are in the other room swapping embroidery patterns" - @aislingoloughlin 
What a man 
Jaysus I'd love to be in the Kerry wattsapp group now to see the abuse coming 
No toy show here
Doesn’t matter where in the world you are...the Toy Show is must see 
A young Juventus fan gets an Inter shirt for his birthday. 
Can you believe that it's November?! 
Except when you have papers to write, papers to mark, and conference slides to put together 
When your playing partner misses a 1 footer on the last for a half  
Tadgh will take it from here, step aside Ryan! 
The consequences of loosing the top of our office Christmas tree 
Please tell me your joking 
The lovely staff 
Ticketsolves Conor and David are currently doing their photoshoot in London for their new rap group but are stuck on what to call themselves? Any suggestions? 
Being a YouTuber has changed my life completely - for better and for worse! 
I just brought Caoimhe to see Santy in Phoenix Park & he goes (all shocked!) I know you, I voted for you!! Now if that isn't an endorsement then what is? The main man himself is a 
The march continues with 
New York City vlog coming at you in 10 minutes! Can't wait to show you my Boosted board skills! Just kidding, never in my life! 
So Bertie said Jeremy Corbyn is 'bonkers'? We are just about emerging from the disastrous, unregulated 10-year hole you dug us - but Corbyn is 'bonkers'.  Thank you for your contribution - but we can do without you 'standing on the sidelines, cribbing and moaning' 
I'm staying up all night till Hopsin Release ILL MIND 9 !!!! 
Back on the grind took a break for a week just to rewatch "the walking dead" I feel Guilty lol 
After Ophelia this is the best facial expression I can give 
Rugby with WWE commentary is brilliant 
That Spirit Infusion name though... 
When your mate buys you a shot and you have to drink it out of politeness 
Sorry we didn't make it to 
dont get them letters mixed up as it could spell "LOOPHOLES" 
Great fight although I don't know how on earth you let him into the ring with those shorts 
In your opinion... what.. are MPs for
Amir Khan after he found out that he’s doing another Bushtucker Trial 
Think i've caught a few for this in my time LMAO 
Louis Walsh must’ve been visiting the price brothers in Blessington if his Jeep scene at Russborough House is anything to go by 
My sound engineer assistant Dora at Britanski Square 
Amir Khan is a funny cunt 
STEVE THE ELF WAS SPOTTED LAST NIGHT!! 
He was seen outside the emptiad Manchester! The kidnapper tortured the little fella for 115 minutes or whatever it ended up.. watching Man City last night 
Or when your hiding behind a large robe hanging on the door and can see everything but your face 
Should be a cracking show with 
Brilliant... this is very Norn Irish 
The person 
Nobody ever sits next to me on the bus 
A wee teaser 
Dad made it in the video 
All of the Golden Knights recently joined in on the NHL tradition of playing some pregame soccer. 
Showing the On the Bench boys how to shed the mitts. 
 Souring...lol
Fuck it, I don’t win at life but maybe I’ll win this 
I'm sad I wasn't able to be there to honor 
 to one of my favourite podcasts with two absolute nutters 
When you go a little too hard!
Take a bow sir. What an absolute legend 
Remember the lovely "suck my cock" Christmas carol? I found this on YouTube today and it's hilarious 
Tell your girl she's beautiful cause them niggas at the gas station gon do it 

Not messing around....!

This... is awesome! 
When you realize it's FRIDAY!!!!

Let me know how well that works out next time you are in this situation. 
This one time, at Bandcamp,
I did an album!! 
'My, my. That was suuuuch a delectable wine, Dr. Lecter. However, I must say the lamb tasted rather bland. Wouldn't you agree? ' Dr. Lecter, "u, wot m8? Out the window with you." 
So it turns out that Ash from 
Shit 
Our funniest travel vlog yet is now up! Part 2 includes a stay at 
Some call it the worst movie of all time. Others call it the BEST worst movie of all time. Either way, it's terrible and you NEED to see it. 
Imagine being so mad at other people's greatness just so you can finish 5th instead of 6th when you compete? 
CANNOT STOP LAUGHING 
This man dancing to Michael Jackson's ‘Remember The Time’ at a recent Janet Jackson concert absolutely KILLED IT. 
Tweeting this so I never lose it 
 THAT WAS YOU WTH THE MADDEN VIDEO  AHHAHAHA 
You surprised ? Lmao you see my streams ? Dumb shit happens all the time 
i like a 
NBA 2K18 - WTF Moments?? Funny StreamTage/ Rage Moments #4 
Who made this?? 
I was just going to peek, but I ended up downloading the latest ARCs from 
Mum is off on holiday today and was asking for book recommendations yesterday. She read The Sister a few months ago and loved it. I suggested she get a copy of The Gift or The Surrogate, hence the commission! 
Never watched 
Also this is the majority of the convo because they literally can’t hear what each other is saying 
“It’s Gemma you silly c*nt!” 
 Clever Student Hilariously Outwits Professor By Finding Exam Loophole
Oops
The entire Vegas Golden Knights roster gathered for some pre-game sewer ball.. 
If you have a black friend please share this with them

This is legendary 
Sitting on the commuter bus westbound on Front trying to figure out the delay and checked here before looking out the window. 
You know training camp is right on track if you get into bed post-ride wearing both your shoes AND your helmet 
Dude. 
The restaurant I work at folks. Thanks for the snap Tony 
Not going to lie, wishing i was as shredded as my pup 
A work in progress! 
If your an International student who loves food, come be part of our foodie focus group on Wed 29 Nov 3:15pm-4:45pm. Get free food and £10 for taking part. Email Jiayi on J.Liu6@leeds.ac.uk, first come first served 
that auto-tweet feature on bandsintown needs to chill am-i-right? 
Cameraman laying a hit stick on a cheerleader 
My favorite vid on the internet right now about Kevin Hart issue.. 
Basically LeBron against the Raptors last night... 
Chris Pronger playing it tight on Justin Beiber in the 
This man is ready for game 5
Yep. They won this round of internet drag race. 
How many buttons does 
"And ACTION" 
She cracks me all the way up! 
Catch a portion of ya fav eboard acting a fool tonight @ 7 
Lance is a treasure 
Bathroom Selfie...
 Im Deleting Twitter
Try To Play Me Like A Pussy Nigga & It Wont Work, Niggas Try To Diss Me For Some Clout But It Dont Work
New shit 
I hate dis lil nigga 
lmfao. that was a moan of encouragement, she must have cared about you 
i think? i didn’t know people used that 
So many wrongs to get just one that's right 
Y’all know his momma about to beat his ass right? 
How you think you look when you fight vs. How you actually look...
When she says to come over but you don’t have a car
I’m CRYIN!! Snoop really be the voice for all of us and how we feel 
Why the ref slither across the screen LMAO 
On Halloween in Chicago, kids don't want candy, they want 
Rick Ross really dressed his daughter up as a lemon pepper chicken wing for Halloween 
Don't No 3yr old Do It Better Than Ha On Me
One of my favourite things is seeing people push on a door that clearly has ‘Pull’ written on it 
Not gonna lie I got weirdly excited when Corey Jensen hit the field! 
they so on point with the “crippppp”
This ho live
I wonder how much time we’ve wasted watching these amazing videos 
SUMMER STAYCATION REVENGE! The first TREX to walk Mount Coolum! 
 too soon 
Spotted in the 
A warning about Labour’s impact on the economy from the Absolute Boy himself! 
Think I’ll be crawling 3 nights out 
Tom got stopped and searched by the police on his way to the shop to get some beers - because he looked 'suspicious' 
In the event of crisis, open any page and quote. Lol 
I'll say this though. No one with even a little sense (or cents 
Hahaha amazing, I’m so happy there’s a picture of this and that I could catch you off guard 
Lmfaoo why people do this to Cardi b this is hilarious 
bro i fucking love twitter. wtf is this
This shit is priceless 
Rihanna displaying the inner me feeling 
Truth 
Don't eat playing cards kids, look what happened to me 
Hey I could get used to this 
 ok big wiz
That’s blasphemy bro. The barbershop is for conversation. He’s cutting your hair on the side 
I'm crying 
I CAN'T STOP LAUGHING AT THIS 
all male tour packages are so lazy at this point that I'm starting to think that the exclusion of women and non-men is ... Purposeful 
Throwback to my 
250% accurate 
Why the fuck hasn’t this Japanese game show ‘slippery stairs’ not been brought out in Britain?
Hahha 
& thank you to the dude who made this possible, 
Jay305 verse on "Eric Wright" 
I just won my first sailing race! Admittedly I’m mostly ballast at this point (in a two man boat 
Got to love this game & who says. Icing has to be boring, always having fun.
Y’all thought the Lord was gonna let the 
 looking at that first round of dynamite like...
Lmao...the Silverdome still stands after explosives went off. Most Detroit thing ever 
Me, like beer? Never!,
Advice to my younger self: one day you'll have to take your hand off the wheel 
Getting him to try deep fried haggis pakora... he was not a fan! Lol 
We really got to know 
lmao what is going on over there 
Wanted to see 
Can safely say 
Happy 1st December!! - 
When you get a PM in 
I thought it would be a funny picture if it looked like I was struggling to pick up 
Hothead Lol
Leadership is not sexually transmitted 
Just found these on my phone, 
 the mind is a wicked thing. What people tweet about !
funniest moment of the night at the 

I see what you did there. 
More annoying than a teddy. He constantly fidgets.... ffs! Stupid pup 
Just crying again. Its all I seem to do these days, cry at Christmas adverts, cry at happy endings, cry at sad endings. JUST CRY. 
When I see "top books of 2017" and they don't have The Summer of Impossible Things by 
Giles and Mary from 
V proud to have 
 1st day in Lanzarote from Lancaster and what music comes on around the  pool? 'missing you'  but in  Spanish !
He actually did gun fingers lol 
I’m looking forward to meeting Ken Robinson for a pint. Maybe in 
How is POLICE COPS IN SPACE not a bloody TV show yet!? Still grinning when thinking about last nights show 
Three years ago today: that time I met Bruce 
Loving the 
WOW! Well done team 
Well who doesn't love a bit of Paw Patrol, even when the kids aren't watching 
Fancy a cup of our special half-term iced coffee?! 
My "reindeer" attempts leave a lot to be desired 
thanks Eamon .. just whack a bobble hat on!
I once held all 4 majors around the putting green as a junior 
Ahhh so this is what 
Q: What do you call a pirate droid? 

A: Arrrrr2-D2

You’re welcome! 
Phew, presentations complete...most importantly, my joked landed 
The view from GRN towers today, time to make some sustainable ski wear 
When the year 11s try take your footy
Announce editing the cross out the video ... 
Incase you didn't know already..
this fella blagged his way on to babestation, i've never cried with laughter so much
You must watch this!! Absolutely superb 
What a throw from this Barcelona fan. 
Wait for it..... 
Throwback to when Messi and Godín were perfectly synchronised 
100% bomb! What a beaut! 
Thank you Willam 
Lucozade? What? J hus man
Every girl when SZA comes on 
Yes you can go to the Panto without kids! LOVED tonight’s show at 
Tonight’s panto is deffo the best I’ve ever seen, loved it so much, my cheeks hurt from laughing
Outstanding 
I have trust in our naive belief 
Ashutosh is a data miner? 
So, apparently someone got some flamenco skills in this quartet! 
Look at 
Great time this morning with 
when u putting a ring on that
So that’s what happened to my shirt
LOL girls really be sending this in guys dms huh??
The only reason I'm no longer jealous or rarely jealous with my man is cuz I trust him more than I trust my self soo shoot your shot ladies
Funny Moments with 
I think the person that designed 
Rinsing my new remix of 
no shortage of personality  
I LOLed. 
RT if going back to work today was like a vacation after 4 days with the kid(s). 
Same but I’m fine with that 
Pretty sure I was farrrr too nice to my crews today!!! 
These kids dancing to various music is my forever fave! First Thomas the Tank Enhine, now this! 
Wow I love 
I’m up at 5am, trying to go back to sleep, and y’all just won’t let me. 
The Dems are Back 
Just your average Monday morning as a 
Matt's so excited about our home form he's getting to The City Ground a day early for the Cardiff game! 
So there was no 
Maybe Nathan Lyon was right about ending careers but I don't think he meant Tim Paine's 
Wait for it 
Kitty accidentally pressed the turbo button 
Hoping this babbling pebble pool I made might provide some soothing white noise to mute the trampoline that's moved in next door! 
First game in a few weeks Rise 1 - 3 Ollerton well done to both teams on a cold and wet winters day,  our girls warm up before the game,  to cold out side 
Stop what you're doing, the best football clip you'll see today is here... 
What a draw that is 
Loving life 
Funniest tweet of the year Sav.  You should do the comedy clubs 
How big are comptons hands 
Found it 
I bet this went well then 
How the fuck has Chris turner manged to get another job 
Hahahaha oh no Port Vale what have you just done
One of the weirdest post-match conferences you're like to watch...

Cameron Bancroft is hilarious when answering questions about the Jonny Bairstow headbutt.

Steve Smith can't contain himself 
We think this guy deserves a medal! 
"Experts predictions" ... 
Even in our worst season we've got more trophy than Liverpool, Man City and Tottenham 
ur mcm asked me if I smoke and I said no 
Is it Possibly Time to panic when your fantasy RB's are Ty Montgomery, Dalvin Cook, Chris Carson and Doug Martin!
Help 
The banner Leicester fans are taking to Tottenham away. 
Mohammad is pulling your pants down bro
Think our ex-red 
It was a dive....this has crept in to our game and  we need to eradicate it.... 
 Pete I've just full on belly-laughed at that dive! Yellow card!
Oi have you paid entry 
Enjoyed breakfast next to 
I'm never deleting twitter 
This guys reaction to sauls save at leek is still my favourite memory of this year 
Quality 1st half & solid 2nd half. Thought Saul Deeney was MoM though - he worked his butt off all game - running the 18yd line trying to keep warm 
 love my brudddaa 
If anyone has 
Chocolate star fish on 
 Freddie went to see Santa yesterday and asked him if his elves could make an Ilkeston Town Kit! Santa knew exactly how well they was doing in the league! Fred said ‘gosh he knows everything!’ 
HUGE Celebrity Boris Johnson’s dad like 
Can we keep this under 10 
Ive been a slave for 5 months bro so i deserve it 
God i miss wearing shit shirts 
The best NO SMOKING advert you could imagine. 
When I said i'd make my return to football i wasn't expecting this kit!! 
Never a red card!!! 
So it's Singing happy birthday to CM on the 9th minute today is it 
Here's how the internet reacted to Eminem's 'Revival' announcement 
Never stop laughing 
Give her food or else... I feel the same way  
Anymore textures? 
No way bro! 
UNDER THE SHADOW just got nominated for an Independent Spirit Award and now we're all like 
Post show warm down 101 with this legend 
“How does it feel being a ginger with Meghan?” DEAD. 
Boom 
Last week it was 
"i guess i didnt quit hard enough" 
Man: whats it like to be a ginger with Meghan

Harry: It's great isn't it

Man: unbelievable, well done 


 inspired by my best mate. Performed with my best mates. Got us through to xfactor finals... with my best mates lol 
The bf will enjoy this hashtag when he wakes up from his anaesthetic later 
This is priceless 
GB & England 'keeper 
Just didn't feel right leaving max out 
I’m really chanting all the man United songs in the club 
Hazard mimicking Sterling 
Telling Arsene Wenger I’m a Spurs fan. Attempted this part in French, just for fun. Conversation as follows:
Me: By the way, I support Spurs
AW: Really? You have an illness...
Me: I can assure you Arsene, I’m in great health...
AW: Yes but you are ill on the inside!

Great fun on Tuesday shooting our lineup walks for 
When you're in the airport and spot yourself on the telly 
Golden 
You will DIE laughing at this episode hahahahaha 
I love that 
Makes the best TV! 
"Do you remember the derby match in 1967?"

"I do... I played in it." 
This is so perfect 
I'M SCREAMING 
It was a shit Cup anyway 
Must be originally from Sandy Row 
Love your loyalty Diva!! 
 Nice pic
some inspiring ideas for our lego animation workshop? 
Always nice to see a few familiar faces 
Absolute scenes in the Stoke end when Jese scored 
This guy DM’d my friend a picture of a couch, and then a rug, and then pots and pans, and then a whole bunch of furniture. My friend sent him a “?” and the dude was like “oh, don’t mind me...I’m just moving in to your DMs” 
Big win today during UFC 297 
Yeeeeee love that Tommy!! 
Had to fight after playing the street fighter music tho! 
 kem is gonna do the deed i know it 
As if some chick come up to me n scott last night and asked if we was gay together 
Signing 
One thing me and 
Ummm that came out wrong 
Haven't tweeted in a while so here's a picture of my cat 
All I do is moan 
Girl its only the 4th we got time 
Giving someone a peck in a game of ring of fire is totally different to getting into bed and trying it on with someone.. God we’re mature..
If mine and 
Fort wayne finally famous 
The Naughty Khans! 
Boy was thieving 
It’s  only right to give a s/o to the original 
My old people school uniform 
I ran a little poll and I am not the only one didn’t know ‘gig economy’ means people working ‘gigs’ like pop concert roadies, turn up and work. I thought it was data gigs 
Feels a bit like ‘I’m RELATED to a celebrity get me out of here!’ 
 was scared it would have that effect 
Moral of the Story: TIME FOR A NEW WEAVE!! 
The many uses of a Cambridge Cheese bag... 
Dak threw 3 interceptions and lost a fumble, while not having a touchdown, and Skip Bayless will still be saying he’s better than Carson Wentz tomorrow
anybody else remember wearing they’re boyfriends phiten necklace in middle school???? 
You guys are the best! Can't believe someone created accounts for some of the characters from our videos. This is hilarious! 
 i didnt know wtf to think 
 Even 
That's still me.. tf 
you know exactly who farted as soon as they say “I’d tell you if it was me” -
“It’s that time of the year again”
IM CRYING 
That said I do plan on eating a bag of REAL SUGARY candy when I see Star Wars next month. I’m just scared I’ll have explosive diarrhea from the sugar 
When you're reading the Independent and realise you got quoted 
Unreal 
Had to throw one up for your old man Saturday Dior, still chomping at the bit to head it 
Some performance from the boys today and great to score at a stadium like that... but please stop it 
Couldn't handle the pace.... 
 love it!
Eamon Dunphy has a caught a few nibbles 
"I just noticed that DJ to your left - has he been there all week?"
"Yeh, he's playing some sick beats"

Got to love 
I need some practice 
P.S 
 it was a strange experience I'll be honest!!! Deadline day madness
Just talked bout this last night lol, you called it 
He’s mine now sorry 
This is my "you're the luckiest man alive face" 
Throwback to Italy. Everybody had a great time. Except Baylor. He got chaffed.
 reppin SAAC with Fergalicious 
Look, We ain’t 
40% of y’all are trippin! JACK N THE BOX HAS CURLY FRIES TOO! I can’t wit y’all. 
I love him lmao 
When black moms whoop you 
Made it to August 21 before taking my first office nap of the year 
should’ve done this to 
All laughs with my bruth 
Yes indeed!! Just glad you let them play the rest of the game after that first Auburn drive!! 
Chess not checkers my brotha 
What to wear? Choices Decisions Consequences .....
Fresh legs 
Look! She almost looks happy! 
& give him 51 Targets! 
Dang fam. Was tryna catch up. Been a minute. 
Black people always gotta roast and congratulate you at the same time 
Chill lmao 
How did we do on the remake? 
Pat!!! You should have told me in time to get cable! 
WATCH: Want to see two-and-a-half minutes of F1 drivers messing up and joking around?

It's the best out-takes and bloopers from Grill The Grid 2017 
We raced each other 14 years ago in Bahrain for the 1st time, I pissed 
YES! Now change your picture to one of me 
Celebrating his first win in 8 years, 
 Hope u show Sulky Sue in full effect! 
 all part of the journey mate.
 no worries mate. Would have flattened my little lad but he’s a belter.
*FUNNY!* 
When you're a roadman with kids, it only makes sense... 
Quick gym selfie 
15-0 tough old scrap. Yh it was close. Thought I did enough with good last round. Fighting a guy who fights at light heavy and super mid defo didn’t help 
Don't worry 
Been using this style as break from pps! Also letting my students write on tables a good shout as a round robin - breaking the rules 
Back to washing pots at mtk, that doesn't even make sense ya stupid cunt 
 well if that's true I like him
Looks like a terrierist 
I’ve finally got the warmth back into my fingers Ciara 
 great laugh. Can’t believe we were in the shop for 4 hours 
With no fixed abode 
Amir Khan after he found out that he’s doing another Bushtucker Trial 
Think i've caught a few for this in my time LMAO 
 I’m not going anywhere!! 
Finally!!! Knew this little gem was out there somewhere 
Think we need a thicker body guard lool 
Bit of 
Well 
Where is baby Sophie?
 in the making of this post 
Just watching them@on those 
Well this took an unexpected turn! 
Would you try bug bread? It's safe to say 
If you need a lesson in persistence, just speak to 
Chris go away you ain't got mills 
Hate it when ya trying to click search bar and someone messages u at the same time and u end up opening it looking eager as fuck 
 when 
Had the best night 
Hull 9th Dec
Interview!

Our very first interview in Arabic...! Native speakers, don't laugh 
How many Alex's can you fit on 
The upside to taking all notes at work on laptop using 
When 
On the campaign trail today. About 20 radio interviews back to back promoting my 
Not wearing a wig ~ that’s the hood on my jacket 
I opened the first door on my 
Arsenal fan TV will be interesting tonight 
Ainsley Harriott can play the sax! Who knew. 
Life really can be a drag! 
Well that was a bit of a tongue twister 
Here’s a Foxy Forecast for all our 
Best congratulations EVER. 
Christmas came early! Thank you 
“Oh Sammy, 
How sweet 
 an old advert but still rather "chuckle-worthy"! 
Great 'fun' 
 Elizabeth is a Great British Nutter; I can’t get enough 
Felt a little strange running an entire 10K in 2nd place (from gun to tape..bar about 100m! 
Greggs replacing the Baby Jesus with a Sausage Roll is an instant classic in the 
Turned 
A Mom & Daughter that slays together stays together! 
 How to get 4th graders excited! Shoutout the 
They drank it all! 
Obama: 97.4M Twitter followers
trump: 43.8M bots and morons

Obama uses it LESS, uses it smarter, gets way more likes & retweets. 

See that, 
Judging by the collective silence from trumpers on 
Oh wow 
Dragula: "all tops except for 
Hahaha! Sharon was fucking hilarious!!! VERY VERY GOOD HOST!!! I laughed so much 
Wow I love 
packed room for the 
My boys are currently singing Zadok the Priest in harmony (whilst playing chess: parent brag!)
beautypie order arrived! Christmas for mom and I!!! She is not on Instagram so she won’t see 
 can you relate?? 
Some scientists say, that the 
 WHY DON'T YOU CUM,YOU BASTARD
DRUM ROLL..... IT's hypodermic Sally,well done the 24% who know me too well
I'd watch ALL of these 
New track from. Blatant jump up using samples from Home&Away if that is ya thing 
Argh remember the 
My album Night Gallery is out today! Feeling emotional right now 
Listened to this for 3 days straight think this qualifies as a 
Community yahoo boy number 1!! 
For those of you who keep complaining 
Lol true. There is 
Lot of chaos and jhagdas in the 
A secret superstar, 4 Youtubers & President Obama (*and a random guy behind us). There is absolutely nothing that can go wrong now! 
Why doesn't Bollywood make films like Inception? 
Take him in houseful 4.. 
We get that... 
Too early? 
Where's the video? RT 
Some girl walked out of Cubana when we were leaving so she could see if he was leaving alone. Babes has a liver wow 
If you lurking, I got you bothered 
My man knows how much I adore 
Trying to get the right lighting with the right pose and the right photographer 
Mood 
Lot of girls been asking me to go to prom 
New Video Up! Going 27-2 
It’s hardcore gameplay 
Wondering whether 
Killed it girl!!

forgot about this for a sec 
 What we need is an episode just for the bloopers!  Devraj and his crazy expressions and voices
 I 
I miss wipeout 
Do you play for anyone? 
Noted thank you! 
Thank you ngwana papa 
Hahah 
Sick in bed wishing Tess was with me. Anyone in Montreal with a puppy they could lend me for the day 
This ref's got no chill ! 
This guy 
I'm the one guy in the room who doesn't talk much because I'm looking for escape routes in case of a zombie apocalypse 
I just wanna walk around 
When life knocks my ass down this how I'm getting back up 
Times when she’s mistaken for my brother’s girlfriend 
Jacket less 
 me playing you the other day
Lots of reasons 
Chaos unfolds in the 
Headed out of Knoxville like... 
Thanks for the love my friend.  ,
Happy international men s day!!! ( semma meme)
Thank you! I could probably use some of those birdies next year!
Hehehehe 
Hey that’s me 
Bots 
i think im in crush with you
U having taken complete responsibility of mama regarding this project ,,has eased out a Lotta pressure akka 
Not reacting for rumours but 4 all those concerned ones calling us "We Are Happily Married "The only thing we will be splitting is pizza 
For all the Siri lovers out there !!! 
 (Vine by 
All the time 
This one might be my favorite 
Back story... There was a photo of the happiest Asian girl in the menu doing this exact pose. 
I added bumpers to that video. Please use this updated version. 
Why you don’t follow me back on ig den ?
That puppy going ham on that titty 
Shout out to the 
She said "for you" and Future said "nah for us"
Life 
"No, I'm allergic to dogs" 
 as a white male I have no real, pertinent say in this of course. But I still think your channel 4 interview was absolute class and am very glad it happened.  Not just for the riling the trolls the way you have 
You are hilarious! Dusky 
 Forum, Topic 5: "I think we need to find out the library laws" 
...looks like the cat is expecting to be served tonight
Tom got stopped and searched by the police on his way to the shop to get some beers - because he looked 'suspicious' 
When you’re dating someone who you thought was faithful but then you catch them... watching an episode of your favourite show without you!! THE BETRAYAL!! 
When your first ever YouTube collab is with your role model 
A mighty hoard from 2 fantastic Christmas Fayres this morning! Well done Neilston Parish Church and 
Filming on location, always a laugh 
Just spotted my first 
Actually I’m just dyslexic.  
Y'all gotta give 
Tfw you meet your identical twin 
This just fucked me up 
Archie gave me a pass to put down his favourite book to read 
Lol. You better be! I'm exoecting you to keep putting the WIn in Wingham in whatever you do. We don't do 2nd 
When you're teasing your husband while he's making you coffee. 
How UPS Workers Training For The Holidays 
Standard 
The Naughty Khans! 
Nice to see you still found Time to wave at the fans..
Your fault for putting white in the first place..
Not bad for a wee lad from the sticks 
As a ducks arse...
Bar at 15.31 then 
Tonight's activities.. swimming with this hunk in the "Pool of Dreams" Nailed it. Must have done at least 7k.. boom!! 
Today was the hardest I’ve ever been pushed by a lady on a run! I think 
Stop telling me what to do lol 
This is what the zeroing distance button is for 
Honestly, this is what TV was invented for. I dare you to watch this and not giggle your little heads off 
Think someone had his "special K" this morning! 
1st eva footie match for Mums bday.. not bad seats 2nd row in the centre could hop on pitch 
How can someone say to me they are more scared of the cold than death 
Lovely lunch today 
I have both ....
I'm gonna be Chris Akabusi 
Bet a few of us can enter that competition 
QUALITY: Lee Sharpe's story of Sir Alex Ferguson after Eric Cantona's red card vs Crystal Palace. 
If I don't get a Sunday dinner today I ain't dropping the ep Friday you can all starve like me 
I don't know what's funnier the baby elephant chasing the birds, or when he fell and ran to his mom so cute
A nice touch 
"I Was in Grove N U Never Turned Up" 
Your going home! your going home your going, Bristols going home 
hahahah this is what I'm saying, they put in the work it just didn't work 
Big up all the sour Bristol fans saying we cheated 
Yo abdi you are really showing how wounded you are lol. Ive not flopped not once that's YOU and double, That's why I called yas Miss the drop and Flop 
This clip 
Jumping into the weekend headfirst! 
RT if festival season takes all your money every year. 
Took an order for 144 kegs today. My dad’s still adamant there’s not much market for keg beer 
Currently watching/listening to Ammi Boyz play some track about ‘deepthroating’ to an ice rink of middle class families at sometset house 
The moment of the night provided by 
Don't eat playing cards kids, look what happened to me 
We're all charcuterie experts here 
Brilliant! 
Hey I could get used to this 
Giving the skipper 
 please retweet but be warned!!! 
Rugby with WWE commentary is brilliant 
At least he's honest 
One of mine is up too don’t worry 
Sometimes the BBC just says enough is enough 
Lets just get this straight....

TEKKERS: 
Nice freehand painting just looking 
Grant Hill Tamia Hill think this may be in my future 
Gets his moves from his dad 
Fun fact: I had to sit when we announced the winning team last night because right before that I almost fainted when I looked at my foot! thanks 
Aww As long as it’s not a sloth 
The moment I thought 
Ha! True story 
Wow! Did he pay for entry? 
When you win a home World Cup, but your graph wasn't perfect....
 “pls follow me pleaseeeeee” 
Just because the first semester almost over 
"He's the stupid one, basically" 
Cassie is getting too smart 
 I think the best one out. Nailed it young fella
We think it’s the greatest accent of them all. Santa however... 
Bobblehatters on tour! 
"I just noticed that DJ to your left - has he been there all week?"
"Yeh, he's playing some sick beats"

Got to love 
I need some practice 
Back to reality like... 
This amuses me so much 
People need to appreciate this more. 
Easy dub 
Everytime the corona Christmas commercial comes on Sage gets up and tries to figure out who’s whistling at her 
Wait... what? 
had such a fun time with the NEW 2018 BMW X3 M40i thanks to 
"I want a relationship... engage me" 
Mr referee clearly hit the bowflex before this one 
The biggest savage in the history of the MLB 
gettin roasted for this one lol 
Shoot I think you can 
Man why did I put 
This has been so good 
That was my exact thought too! 
I will try not to bring the area down 
Enough to drive 6 hours and work hard 
 I shall check it out
The fact that they recognized I was screaming 
“Oh, fuck off” 
I don't know much about these games but... Watch out 
Amir Khan did well didn't he 
My smell.... which you have now ruined by calling it Saussage!! 
Merry Christmas 
They’ve re done the voice at the end of the M&S ad!! 
At the end of this Peter had no idea I had permission to open the expensive booze .. pooped his pants 
How To Spend It Well At Christmas” is on 
OMG!! Dying! 
Chick walked out on 
M8 I’m dead 
Kevin Owens beat up Vinny Mac himself 
When you’re trying to look good in a suit but still rocking a black eye 
Oh it’s true... it’s damn true 
Everyone has a mate like 
I never got Virgil from the airport, I passed out drunk.. but when 
 Brilliant x
huge sale on 
Finally, people as tall as me 
He was great, and HILARIOUS 
I’m dying 
Love when people say I photoshopped my butt 
My man 
Just got a second piercing on my right ear. What y'all think
I swear my pops is not a weirdo 
It’s rivalry week. 
It’s official I have just been told by my principal that I have beaten the record for most absences! She was pretty impressed 
Just tweeting this to you to let you know how much I hate you for always being my entertainment 
I like how 
May've been true if I had yo big ass up there 
I still have a flight voucher for her from the short period of time I ran WSU. 
Zach wanted to “autograph” a few orders... like father, like son, I suppose! 
The truth is out there. 
 finally can say i met someone from big brother 
. That kid is tremendous
 she got the moves doe
This catcher on this Iowa Cubs doesn't mess around 
Black Twitter Is About To Show Out 
My reaction when someone told me Mc Lyte got married to a man 
I swearrr
Yo I get chills watching 
just incase you’re having a bad day, watch this
Fuck that pussy nigga shareef, id beat this hoe in 1 on 1 any day 
1/4 Let me save some researchers time
Hey.. if you in the way you’re in the way 
After season lol I gotta finish business first 
When the only person you know at the party is social anxiety... and you find someone else with it 
Take it Back was ghost written by my Hairline 
Isaiah Wynn with the SEC Championship photobomb 
The Thirst is Real 
Bruh lowkey died when I saw the art piece 
These awkward dads are having a win streak of their own 
Yes, 
Only two shoes I considered buying - Wheat Jordan 1s (manager advised me to wait until they go on sale) and an old pair of Nike Air Unlimiteds still at full retail 
11 hour work day and get your jacket stolen...... siiiiiiiiiick 
Just walked into an alkaline trio happy hour.... I’ve not recognized a word the band has said yet. 
I made the highlight reel 
As a weird hometown hero DJ in Chicago... thought a lot about weird people that have been at sets of mine.... tonight I add Rick Fox... legendary 6th man for the prime LA Lakers.. well him and Robert Horry 
Just gonna throw this out there... 
I just realized after watching 
Aimee is all the goals in this sneak peek from Monday's new episode of 
lol when you sister video chatted 
This made me laugh so hard. You are such a riot, 
This is next level. 
What’s happened ? 
"Rounds" got me like... 
Matching PJs for dogs and people?! 
As if 
crazy how coaches can leave whenever they please, but when a player wants to transfer they want to take a year of eligibility away
When you're trying to do a postgame interview but LeBron is watching the Buckeyes 
IM DONE 
why is this so on point 
This bird is going off lmao 
"Moved houses, dog has never seen stairs before" OMG 
First photo shoot in a long time and the makeup artists sl-l-l-ayed! I think imma go everywhere today in this face 
Cause i sleigh 
 you’ve made it girl, you’re a gif! 
I KNOW PEOPLE SLEPT ON IT 
Hope y’all don’t notice the piece of glitter hangin out my booty. 
From someone who seen Kayla Jo do that to 
Busted 
Shall we start 
1 Like = 1 Prayer 

Alien Facehugger made from chicken and crab by 
This is great 
6ers fans are sick right now 
Just happy I got an invite 
Lmao Moe why my friend went to Indonesia and got stuck cuz a volcanoe erupted 
Hahahah shut up you red wierdo
Kids say the funniest things:  "Daddy, shall we google who Santa Clauses Daddy is." 
Such an honour to have been asked to host the 
You’ve got to make that hard earned money stretch as far as it can go...  
Do. Not. Eat. The. House!! 
What a fab night! Pleased to report that the chandelier still works! 
Better shooter than Steph curry 
Wouldn't you like to know weatherboy 
Ayye 
If this isn't me and 
Ol Blue's Clues lookin headass 
video by 
Just fantastic once again 
Stop what you're doing, the best football clip you'll see today is here... 
When you're crying about 
Absolutely phenomenal goalkeeping in the Sunderland v Millwall game today! 
Phil asked this youngster a question.

And got an honest answer. 
Great lesson tonight 
Well look at this Baller 
Or another cracker, the abuse TC was getting for not playing Vieira early in season...... He was injured....... 
It was a statement not a request!  And secondly you won't ...i can block you 🖒
Simmer down Rice 
Johnny Mathis-When A Child Is Born always makes me think of the real reason of Christmas..but you can’t beat Proper Chrimbo 
Game's gone mad 
Well spelt 
Parking fine paid... that's what credit cards are for 
I welcome breakfast in bed any day of the week 
Best slide tackle you'll see 
A fun season 
 this is how I’m picturing you Benny boy 
The only Camp that teaches you levitation skills 
 his 
Where the hell does this guy get his ting from please 
Weirdest Uber ride ever! 
"take your gloves off you twat" 
LeBron was too hyped about the Ohio State game 
These dogs do NOT like sharing 
Our newest video shows how ANYTHING can be a dance move! 
Just seen the team. May as well turn round and go home now 
When you spend so long admiring 
Come dance at 
I'm crying 
u knew you stayed up too late when this came on your tv 
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT TIME! Another Black Girl Miracle is available as an audiobook!!!!!! I tried to use my sexy voice but it didn't work out. 
Thanks for all your questions! That was a lot of fun 
Best picture Oscars f**k up is gold.. GOLD!! 
Donald Trump is actually the President of America 
This cracked me up so much...
But actually 3pm 
FEEL THE RHYTHM, FEEL THE RHYME, GET ON UP, IT'S BOBSLED TIME!!!!!! Yes we're feeling very Olympic today too !!! (we cant promise this will be the end of the quotes for the day)
10 year plan...
This day 2 years ago...the lads in 
Iv said it before and il say it again 
Having so much fun right now! Thanks 
No toy show here
Crocs are king 
 best tweet ever bro!!! Thanks for being there!! 
So it's James coming out party tonight 
And then start WW3 the nx morn on RTE Radio 
Haha bringing us back to being in the playground 
Loving the savings, and also LOVING that Voiceover 
Brian Kerr no doubt making an appearance in Adam's Bar at 3.30pm. 
I like the woman concerned effect of hard border on Ireland would be to "shut them off a lot". 
What do you think 
OMJ my lil bro and Jason “the madser” Byrne 
You couldn't even run a bath 
I may be biased but I think I made the best espresso martini 
dont get them letters mixed up as it could spell "LOOPHOLES" 
So today for 
Chris Coleman is doing a radio phone in for fans to ask questions. Some fella just called in....”no questions really, just rang for a chat.....I’ve been on the cans” 
Funny size order parking on the tarmac for cardiac arrest on diverted inbound flight. Of course I’m all the way on the left 
Great night at 
A visit to 
The Premier League Christmas party 
Love this photo of our Director with eye-closed laugh! 
My absolute pleasure. I inadvertently wore it on the school run this morning and got called out on it. 
When your friends peer pressure you 
Got me paws on some DIBS from 
Classic throwback 
What do butchers do when they have some time to kill before a flight, we visit other Butchers 
Row 1 seat A where else would I sit ?? 
Well it’s gone mid day & I am at an airport 
In preparation for my trip to Glasgow Tuesday 
While we watched 
"My life is shit enough last thing I need is a cup of coffee to keep me up all night" 
Hahaha I'm 25 years old 
I just want to give 
The first of 2 
 crying !!!
The most lovely 
Anyone lost some moustaches?! 
WHAT A SAVE ADRIAN !!! Joe Hart would have let that in 
Will this be the most used gif today at around 4-16 ? Although I’ve had a fiver on no goals at 20-1 
TAG someone who feels like us

Totally legit btw 
When it's time to accept the games off. 
1000s of coaches this afternoon

Every single coach I know when you get a 3pm text on a Friday about your weekends game. 
You know you’ve either sent this text, received it or are about to send it. 
You must watch this!! Absolutely superb 
Amazing
TAG a COACH

Seems Medically Legit to us 
Saturday nights in Glasgow producing yet again
Need a trim and a shave cutting about looking like shaggy from scooby doo fuck sake 
What a throw from this Barcelona fan 
Bruh I will never not die laughing 
I died when she pumped air into her body 
Cash outttt? 
One of the best tweets I've ever (and I mean EVER) seen regarding West Ham. 
We just gonna act like the second half didn't happen? 
Rita Ora went on The Voice Germany and the judges didn't recognise her 
The gk coach of course 
Looking forward to 
However this is where our run ends as we have been drawn against 
Ruptured ACL but who cares after a 95th minute winner 
So this is what happens when a friend joins 
: Schnitzel & Giggles
Ramsey cool as a cucumber
Shhhh I’m tryna snipe 
Wait... amir snaked it 
They felt guilty. They feel so shit 
Omg Amir 
Loving these new self typed 'Press Releases' when players leave a club these days...."Its with a heavy heart I leave the Dog and Duck 3rd team. I would like to thank Chinese Alan's dad for the opportunity...." 
So this morning I actually experienced surprise blogger mail, because I never gave my address out, nor did I receive an email about it & I’m so happy 
I am honest to god the most laziest person, so hence why I have made the decision not to do Blogmas, but also cos I can never seem to find the time when I’m working 2 jobs other than blogging 
I am so close, yet so far away from 1.5K on Instagram (I daren’t say how many I am away from 1.5K, because like 20 will unfollow me 
21 Pictures That'll Will Make Every Makeup Addict Say "Dear God, No" 
That movie was so awful but I still cried watching ppl being cruel to Chappie 
Congrats to our Assistant manager Iona who has just passed her last stage of management training recently. Onwards and upwards. Next stage a pub of her own. As you can see she’s buzzing about it!! 
Oh Jesus I can't breathe 
We have been good friends to many designers over the years! Save early, save often 
Cause it's my birthday today 
Brandy DID THAT with this lil' impromptu cover of Rihanna's 'Diamonds'! I just wanted to tell that barber to stfu 
actually feel sorry for Sean Dyche 
MAN LIKE! 
I have a new post, I’ve chosen my favourite red pieces from the high street, featuring me wearing a red beret, what more could you possibly want 
When ur friend sees her crush walking in and tells us to "act natural"....
Also thank you 
When ya uncle had one to many 
Bus a move then! 
Just shazamed a track I will totally play out in extended sets.... in 
Penny Penny MUST BE STOPPED 
Before u compare me to Anyone
2005-Sister Bethina 
2006-Sister Bethina 
2007-Sister Bethina 
2008-Sister Bethina 
2009-Sister Bethina 
2010-Sister Bethina 
2011-Sister Bethina 
2012-Sister Bethina 
2013-Sister Bethina
2014
2015
2016
2017-Sister Bethina 
Which one is your fav
 you were gonn walk home. That’s the hotspot bro.
The stereo is mine, well yours 
This might be the best thing I have seen all day.  
Caption this 
When you scare your son with a unicorn... 
 network bash went something like this... 
Tupac could come out the tunnel in game 7 of the 2018 finals & do the halftime show & yall would be like “all he did was Dear Mama” 
Joseline’s face when she saw how yall fell in love wit  Cardi B 
I was in my bag last night 
Big Up 
I only tweet in the airport - I
Haven’t heard “nang” in years 
Spreading the word 
Ade travel pack 
My new song is titled : "i be Naija boy "
Abi stubborn like naija boy
i get money like naija boy
i deh confirm oo like naija boy.
me abi naija boy..
i get big house like...
fleet of cars like ...
but inside my heart 
inside my soul
me abi 
 if you can't beat them....??
Right now the match turn Arsenal VS De Gea 
Cool down 
 slowwww
I dey lef twitter 
Please am out of reach 
This guy has the whole stadium singing a love song with vim. If this isn't stardom I don't know what is 
Hmmmmm... ability you know! 
Wale has not even arrived 
That snow come an went boy 
Don't come and ask questions yet plz just tell me you're interested 
"so my sister got her wisdom teeth out today and tried to run away from home" I'M CRYING 
It's never just one drink! 
→  Tag someone who's a bad influence 
When there are 20 kids in a train that wants to talk to you but they may not leave their seats says their teacher 
Seeing all the 
 thanks Sam
Does he even own earphones? 
Hae pls 
Let people enjoy things pls 
sleep be bomb after doe 
Their children are now in big public offices, probably saying how they fought for independence 
Wenger absolutely destroyed the media there 
Real men add pink to their lives thank you 
Your REFLECTION


Is right lads!!!! 
Was nice meet ex 
The punter of the 
Great to get into the 3rd round but massive credit to everyone connected with 
think 
Soccer PM Is here! And this lot are all excited by it...! 
This is why 
Sofiane Boufal not realising it was one way glass... Then along comes Charlie Austin 
Good point, 
Haha G Nev..’ it’s been coming’ 
Think I’ll switch my timeline to verified for abit..
My point is with my percentage you win THE LOT 
Haha and as for all you lot questioning my coaching abilities..the team you support would take my win percentage as a coach right now....
If Chelsea had those chances today..ends 8 or 9 
European super cup
European cup winners Cup
Fa Cup
Charity shield
Scottish first division 
That’s just as a player son.,,won’t get me coaching medals out either 
What did I tell you 
Congrats on the debut 
"He slapped me around the head and said Craig Bellamy's been talking about you..." 
Thanks for the moral support, 
This Saturday myself and top man 
SPOTTED: Man vs Poncho at 
Acted as if fuck all happened 
My sister attends Alabama and she told me her professor just said: "Bama is going to be alright, Jesus went 11-1 with the disciples." 
That’s it. 
When you see your dawg start catching feelings 
Guy passes lie detector on Jeremy Kyle... dabs in celebration and walks off. Incredible 
Arsenal's 
Y’all are undefeated
Welcome to Bristol City Jose .... "pop in to the office for a drink after aye "  
It looks like it's 
Missed my vocation I reckon.... 
Who eat all the pies 
What you saying 
This is brilliant! 
Sunday morning golf Jacksfirst 9 holes Bridie's first in 12 years poor Daniel has aged 
Great morning filming with 
Things are getting a little weird...


 is getting soft in his old age, 
C is for Clubbing...


 in 1999...

Pete Sampras bt. 
On another note the Hartley + Beaumont road trip is just about to begin! Here’s to travelling Australia in this beauty 
One of the weirdest post-match conferences you're like to watch...

Cameron Bancroft is hilarious when answering questions about the Jonny Bairstow headbutt.

Steve Smith can't contain himself 
We found something very funny but not sure what 
Still mates with this guy despite his club loyalties 
 love the badge kiss 
For reallll!!! 
It's an 
Not photoshopped 
At the live commit at 
A happy fighter is a dangerous fighter, right? romanhamed 
THE INTERNET STAYS UNDEFEATED!!!!! 
These are probably the most horrible nights 
At church my grandma said "Em why do you have holes in your jeans" .... So I say "gram their my holy jeans" .... Was not amused 
Jordan: what has hands but can't clap? 
Claire: A T-Rex...
I'm dead 
Alex Bregman is excited Verlander is coming back 
never leaving twitter 
The fam about to go crazy
It's that time again 
the real og, My mother 
Noooooo lmao 
Ohhhh definitely ! 
This is wicked 
Where I’m from she might take that phone and flip it
“LOOK WHAT I JUST WITNESSED AT DISNEYLAND” I’M DEAD 
That's my sister! 
There will be payback!!! 
Mood: 
Russ loves a good Eurostep 
When the day just started and you've already had enough 
Mondays suck, let's have just one drink after work... 
The savagery by the Orlando Magic 
The boys pulling up to an away game like 
 s/o 
You know we do this on purpose right 
I love you so much 
Tough to argue with this amazing logic...  
Tell me you get lonely           
“I got a mortgage worth of debt, in a nice subdivision, with an acre lot and a picket fence” if this ain’t my damn life as I sit here in my on campus apartment 
This will forever be my favorite video cause Carrie was reaching for them and I just spazzed and threw them at her but she caught them and saved the day and I lost my mind 
I JUST FOUND THIS ON JENNAS PHONE AND IM DYINF AT 
Little women Dallas is my show
My tummy is messed up meaning it is 4am and 
Okay but SAME about the same person thing I always say we would have been best friends 
Good as gold tour or Good shit tour are my top faves 
Next live show. 
Tag the first person you’d want on your trivia team (and to share this bowl of chili with) and the last … and don’t say who is who. 


FUNNIEST TWEET OF THE YEAR (epic runner-up) 

Hubs & I laughed ourselves to tears!
 Peed the Bed, but woke up and realized it was ME!! 
... I think one of the best things about the holidays is time spent together with the ones you love and the added time baking/cooking together 
Unless she starts to look like us paul, I believe these food pics are all for show.
That’s not awesome 
"It'll sell. It's got me in it." Grayson sounds like the new 
Thursday Things
Waiting at a redlight and watching 
How The rest of the XXL Freshman Class wanted to act When XXXTentacion Started his cypher freestyle 
KD wasn't having it
The Apple glitch is real for Ohio State 
UPS Orientations Gotta be like..
Some next level ways of asking for nudes 
Epic Records just signed Blac Youngsta and he already willing the f*ck our 
Easily best tweet of the Playoffs
This is amazing, 
Referee has BLOWOUT 
I love my job ,my man to funny!!
Salt DAEve


A head only a mother could love 
 I
 it’s way more than 17 hairstyles lol 
"say cheese" 
Home visit w/ 
Jay AJAYI got ROASTED on the sidelines after his 71 yard run for getting caught 
2007 
When you fly dab and somebody in the group say somethin childish
Get out your feelins 
Leek slidin!
Gold from 
What kind of dance is this 
George Bailey 
Can't get good selfies on the beach at Uttoxeter sadly 
the good old days!
absolutely 
That’s how Kendrick Carmuche 
In fairness to him, Cup week is a bloody long week 
Woger the Woman 
You know you’re back in Australia when you read a quote like this from 
In Mlb awaiting 
Japan is the greatest betting nation on Earth because there are no bookies. Corporates rip off mugs: $26BoomTime 
The Monaco || “It’ll give you devilishly good looks 
 last run of the season!!!
I'm the head cousin in CHARGE  
Hey, watch out for our signs guys! 
This ref doesn't need VAR!!!! 
TSA searching 
Ein have treppenwitz ALL zi time.....
This bird flew 9km from his home to the luxe InterContinental Sanctuary Cove Resort and then promptly helped himself to a chai latte 
Lucky for me I can fight 


Well, you asked for it!

Bruce calls the greatest race he's ever seen!


Excitement levels for DVD release day?! 
I signed a mans shirt who thought I was actually Klay Thompson 
“ if you go 90, will he go 10?“ 
 telling 
Babe, I thought you retired?! 
Great idea for 
And ya’ll say my dad’s cocky? 
Agree Ness! 

Not messing around....!

This... is awesome! 
When you realize it's FRIDAY!!!!

30 mill? I would've hit the floor too 
BRUH THEY RIPPED UP THE TURF! 
 Drake’s dad steals his girl in new commercial. 
 Did you have a favorite part from last nights 
This guy is more dedicated to being a referee than I’ve been dedicated to anything in my life! 
But he's on the way to LA 
There are lots of things to love about this snapshot...my favorite happens to be at the bottom right corner 
Good morning beautiful people... Here's a story about Troy Polamalu ruining my life 
 boy if you don’t ask a S/O from ya brother 
bro you hilarious
It was all fun and games at the Grand Opening of 
No he didn't dress up as "Red" from Friday. 
I’m actually crying with laughter at the 
A work in progress! 
Ohio State trolling Apple 
Who is looking forward to singing this on Saturday then? 
That's made me 
This could be the video of the year!!! 
Unbelievable from him 
Watch what happens when 
Watch me on 
... God is working on me
Chubb only needs 700 more yards in 1-2 games to pass Herschel...
It's official...Georgia Tech has caught the nobowla virus. 
Childcare this good is medium rare. 
Couldn't believe how many Mortal Kombat references were in last night's Saturday Night Live E-sports skit.

- Death Fight 12
- Scorponox
- Sonic Goon

I lost it when Boo Boo took 1 punch, said NO! then quit the fight. 
Good for her. 
Omfg 
I don’t care who you cheer for... this is funny! 
Gene asks all the important questions in life. 
 request is cracking me up, apparently my red kite poisoning paper 'is so much impressive'! Who's got a better one?! 
Yoooo who did this 
And turn away viewers 
The best 24 hours of the year!! Donate, stream or go watch some live improv now in Chicago 
A huge thank you to everyone supporting us at tonight’s 
I hate you, 
It still takes a lot of juice but I'm back 
who made that 
Always cool to see that great products are acknowledged, especially when it involves my friend 
Lol. Brilliant 
This is the BEST of the MANS NOT HOT videos on the internet. I'm crying 
Has Michael been up to his old tricks again Michele 
Running is boring you say?! 
Still the weirdest story I’ve been involved with to date 
Someone printed this and brought it to our HK gig last night 
Well I’m a little Boy Scout evidently - I've only sworn 6 times on Twitter, so I'm on Santa's nice list. YAY! Find out if you've been naughty or nice at 
LAW AND ORDER!!! 
Sitting at a bar in Paris and the Batman begins to pour a load of cocktails. I immediate think “quick, snap that” and that’s when I know I’ve been working for 
Irish wedding essentials 
when you're in the Gym, doing physical therapy and it's playing better now and your physiotherapist singing loudly the song! this made my evening better!!
Having the best time on tour with these two... never laughed so hard in my life 
 we love seeing you back on our screens 
These boys 
Well this looks fun! 
Well, this is just brilliant! 
You’re not helping us settle this argument, guys... 
The Michael Cera mugshot has our vote 
The day that 
Help me 
In Kaza's defence, Coach Stack did follow this up by saying it was "good defence, but better offence"...over and over and over again 
Nothing will piss you off more than having your car towed 
Think I’ll be crawling 3 nights out 
Accidental text on purpose 
Clearly struggling to contain myself 
Finally downloaded 
Oi guys this might possibly have been my favourite moment of 2017 
Emailed Jazz Fest last week on a whim asking if we can give ppl cheap beer and forgot about it. They just posted this on the event page 
After The Two Ronnies created the parody 'Status Who', Francis & Rick couldn't stop accidentally singing 'Fond Of Her'  
Local lad 
Caleb just panicked and introduced himself as “Matt”... what? 
Anyone else feel like this
Fred Flinstone been spotted driving round Edinburgh 
My new favorite quote "icing on a cake of lies!" 
Dying! 
Haha! A few of you have sent this in but Sam Wren on Facebook got through first! I mean, I'd have at least laid them flat! 
Gold medalist and didn't even have to fight 
Love the coke bottles 
 is slowly turning into one of my favourite people, his entertainment is top draw and every sport needs a character like him. He doesn't give a fuckkkkk 
That time Mick McCarthy shit himself over absolutely nothing 
U need some new material mate 
Still my favourite 
Just a shoe lurking in Gun Runner's tail 
The new Thor film is one of the funniest films I've seen this year. That end scene... 
When mommy’s away for work daddy becomes a hot mess ...so funny!
fantastic 
Remind me of what homie chanted way back when? Was it “lock her up?” 
Who wants to raise a man who plays with Madrid 
Crying 
Imagine finding the negatives of Cotto so you can continue the "I hate boxing" gimmick that you've created for yourself online to impress people who'll never ever care about you. 
Ethan to studio: “Yeah Guys, I have many secrets. Ice skating is one of them.” 
, next time 
Our baby is coming! 
 ”eve... ning”
The Best Fat Loss Article on the Motherfuckin’ Internet 
Watched this random Red Sox fan have his hopes and dreams crushed during class and it was absolutely electric
I am a gif. Day made 
Thank you to my lovely agents 
Our incredible FOH Management team are currently prepping for 
Today has been entirely too much on here. Peak 
Went to go see 
* insert 'Doctor, Doctor...' joke here 

Every girl when SZA comes on 
I seriously love Penny 
Alright Dingle, I brought my Xmas decorations with me 
YUM! We're flipping out for these flapjacks! 
Marriage is all about compromise. 
Just saw a foot or hand stick out of my tummy. Probs the weirdest thing that I’ve ever seen 
Why does she sit in her bed like this?! 
Better picture this time brother? 
Feeling way too good about myself for passing my driver's theory test. First test I think I've past in my life. 40/40 BIATCH! 
So Bertie said Jeremy Corbyn is 'bonkers'? We are just about emerging from the disastrous, unregulated 10-year hole you dug us - but Corbyn is 'bonkers'.  Thank you for your contribution - but we can do without you 'standing on the sidelines, cribbing and moaning' 
Caught some dude going at his nose and he's not too happy bout it. But I'm laughing my ass off. 
Final! That’s the word I was searching for 
One more teaspoon of honey champ! 
 me and my princess !!! I will NEVER have that "im a detective" mustache again 
Thank you so much! We are a high achieving lol 
Omg I literally cannot stop watching 
I'm actually dying with laughter at 
Never leaving my phone alone again 
Literally hooked on blogger snapchats, get withdrawals when I check and there's no new updates
Ohh 
 bf is gone cray cray 
So excited for 
 snap chat has to be the funniest thing ever
It's litch the 2nd day in December why would someone text that 
I swear to god some people must only exist within the realms of Instagram Explore...I never see people like this IRL and tbh I'd be terrified if I did 
Love how “Frank” thinks the best insult in the world is to tell me I’m 90kg (I am, as a matter of fact!) 
Please tell me your joking 
I don’t know if he’d let me though 
Post baebrow effect  
Happy Friday 
Asked 
The ballboy will be a legend tomorrow at school. Show and tell will be going off! 
Day 1 of my chocolate advent calendar and I have eaten it all. Well done Laura you have ruined Christmas again 
Throwback to one of my greatest tricks ever... (based off time spent) 
Dustin: "Ferg, where are ya from?"

Ferg: "Ballinasloe"

Dustin: "Sorry?"

Ferg: "Ballinasloe"

Dustin: "No I heard ya...i'm just sorry!" 
Oh dear, it's only the second day of Christmas and the 
The Olympian, the Hollywood actor & the rugby player! Just your average 
This will make you smile 
Sorry parents 
Right before Rog lovingly gave me the bird during the Drum Battle 
 okay hi I’m so in love with indie and zander so far and I aM SO EXCITED for their relationship to develop because I can already tell that they’ll be my favourites 
Someone found the yoghurt 
 -Herb HQ
There's always that one kid trying to commit insurance fraud 
In honour of you birthday we decided to have a photo shoot with my new background from eBay! 
Err... you can't just take out crucial words that change the entire meaning, dear. That's not actually how ellipses work 
I wonder if there's any flaff on that clanger? 
'Sounds like a chihuahua down a well' 
Do you need me to show you how to put it on properly? 
Thanks for the cool sticker, 
. . . and his lineout lifting style must be the reason for the 
Absolutely howling watching ‘The Salon’ so so so funny!!! 
Man like Mr Eni 
Nick Collins falling off a ladder live on sky sports news 
 Kit man (and head of sweets) Dai does the dab with 
 enjoying the show - my fav song is lying eyes....please please please play it....i may be a bit "twatted" already but my name takes care of that for me....
Still a hell of a strike rate there 
This is shambolic 
It'll be hard going home... BUT I have some really exciting plans and projects in the pipeline - and some bloody gorgeous solo and full band gigs to look forward to! The tour never needs to end 
The new Avatar ride in 
Found it 
Eddie a real Og 
Caption this
Surely that's what you expect though? 
Chill 
Finally in my bed after being awake 23 hours. Exhausted but all worth it! Thanks 
We were supposed to focus on the charming 
This is brill 
Can anyone in Russia explain this? 
This DJ playing Justin Timberlake before the Janet Jackson show... the level of disrespect 
With skills like these it is surprising that the dinosaurs went extinct 
 this is cracking me up.
Lmaoooooooo just listened to this with sound 
Someone just asked my server for a Chevy Chase Burger.  
I’m so tired I let all the water drain before I got out the bath and Mikey walked into me laying in an empty bath.. I’m moving out idk what to even tell him right now 
So is team 10 just jake Paul where did everyone go
Currently looking for a wife 
Any takers 
Ref must Ref in the hood on the weekends 
 this is great
Well, that's what I told him to say... 
What d'ya think? 
 BBCBreakfast Loving The sleeping hamster impression this morning 
They say that a startup office is your second home, always nice and always warm. 
She did alright I suppose, well no-one sued me 
You are paying me what?! 
"Rebuilding year." 
I've never felt another man's pain more 
Hah! Even the liberal rag 
The best thing to come home to after a long, hard day at work (even if I did burst into tears with happiness when I saw it
it’s not that serious 
Q: What does your day look like?
A: "Well, of course, there are the fans at the day every morning..." 
Meek really stuck the landing 
Might as well bring the jheri curl back
Good hair speaks VOLUMES about you. Did you see what we did there? 
Retweet if you're not moving from the couch today. 
Heading out for 
Did we just become best friends?!

Rookies 
"I was the super fan in the background taking pictures like a weirdo. Just have to call myself out for it." 
This is how i read them from anybody who’s never stepped on a college field 
On Mondays Naomi and her bear supervise the development team and make sure they’re asking our supporters for more pupperoni treats...
We sure do love pups and great happy hour prices! Texas Tuesday means $3 Texas Pints and $3 Texas Liquors! Come in and enjoy a 
Tweet it into existence 
it’s a Chicago thing 
I’m grateful for this bloomin’ rockstar! Due date is today and she’s just done an hour and a half hike up a mountain  in 28 degrees with some lunges along the way! Rocking it 
This dude is playing QB for both teams! 
Sheesshhhh
Gabby and I have been in the same spots all day, now tell me that’s not a bomb Saturday 
Happy Birthday Mr. Krabs 
BRUHH 
Imagine sitting next to a pregnant lady in the movies only for her to pull her stomach out and have hella food. I would die laughing at that moment 
I used to dust niggas on this shit. Flipped my paper over loud as shit so you knew it was real. 
Good hat, bad hair day 
Happy birthday to one of the funniest people I’ve ever met
Love this! Be great as tandem 
We are talking about AR as 
IM DYING 
When softball players join the dodgeball squad 
Lol probably one of the more unique articles written for me in my time as an athlete! Definitely recommend the pre wrap y’all 
BEYOND RELATABLE! 
Leduc was owning that 6th place finish. Mastin, McAtee, Fowler, and Samuels dominated the field to win
Bama football ain't played any competition until now and they took an L 
Wichita State shutting everyone up even with their best player gone. 
Good to see the training is working - average 85bpm throughout the 50km Nambucca rally stage at 
Ant!!! Please tell me some people are not still not having a pop at you?? Ffs, only seen clips on YouTube and the new show looks brilliant with u in it, I've always loved the show and will always watch it, am still curious about the 3rd wing on cossie tho  
This makes me laugh 
So infantile. 
But.. 

There really is no such thing as ‘going out for a quiet drink’ 
One team admonished for deliberately spilling coca-cola on pit apron to make it a stickier and grippier surface. Gotta love these tricks!
What am I going to do now Love Island is finished ? 
You can't remix a future classic like that lol 
CAN'T BREATHE. WHY IS THIS SO FUNNY? 
Big Shaq has made it to the House of Commons 
Two years ago you were saying dubstep is dead and shit and quit! Now you are trying to make riddim and fit in again, fucking loosers 
"Get a load of this guy"


When this 6lber hit the jig
I’m going to start a scoring system from 1 to 
Incase you didn't know already..
Just in case your looking for reading matter this weekend 
We'll likely fail to qualify even when you don't have to qualify.  We'll always find some way of not making it! 
Shout to the girl behind me last night 
Hahahahaha and it's McMurcherieeeee with the attempted clearance straight into row Z
5s, 7s, league, tag, more variety than heinz 
We really shouldn't laugh at people less fortunate than ourselves but it really is hard not to!! 
In 2017 Celtic have lost to Astana, Bayern and PSG

In the last 7 days Rangers* lost to Hamilton and Dundee 
If your sad please watch 
My sisters just ate 14 roast potatoes along with Christmas dinner and I don't think the fam has ever been so proud 
Enough is enough lmao 
Early Birds are gone and we're not ever half way through our announcements 
I just heard from downstairs "Oh your floppy disks are huge!" 
Laughter in the house with hilarious 
Apparently, our 4 year old son didn’t take kindly to the empty manger... 
The weather is looking good today ladies 
Ladies from 
VERY, very true! 
Class 
This made me laugh when received Google News Alert today to alert me to a relevant news story 
Just caught up on last night’s 
Bex’s face when she finds out that I voted for her 5 times on the app to do the eating trial 
Fuckn Alexia is wanted booted round my living room 
Celtic v Motherwell today 
Who the fuck is Stuart James Forrest 
OMG I love this 
Heading down early today for a pre match Interview with Celtic TV about the charity single... Starting to wonder if anyone will see it? 
They were all singing this song about us. Then they got beat 2-0 
3 in a row? Canny even get 1 in a row 
And surely fining people for paying with too many coins is simple common sense?! 
Cheated of late. 
No no it's fine, it looks like the little fella went down from a sniper shot 
Odd recordings got some decent photoshop skills 
just realised I will have to take my Christmas presents with me on tour the whole weekend because I'll go straight to my family from the airport on the 24th of december 
Found your missing socks 
These guys... 
Tell me about it 
Forgot to take a picture of rehearsal with 
Yesterday was longggg but these guys got me through 
Just me or does Chris look and sound like a long lost brother of 
 not a bad effort 
Why do y'all niggas think that if a girl bitches about another girl she's insecure!? That blows my mind bruh
 one more sleep 
I'm guessing bringing plastic spoons to a press screening is a no-no? 
In my mind I thought, is this 
It's the night before...   watch those pesky elves 
So amebo brought me to twitter after sooo long... 
Did 
Definitive proof that 
Please go away 
Genuine t-shirt on sale at a Moscow airport. 
When you haven’t slept and you have to be awake in 4 hours 
 loving the live call 
I think I’m in love with 
Great Show 
Been looking round Blackpool to get a photo with all you guys 
Even had a moment where you thought "we should have just brought another car" 
On way home saw a van with a load of wood strapped to the roof. Me, thinking, oh I bet they're building something nice. 
I totally forgot 
I love that the Joctocat is getting a second round of love in sticker form 
You know AC is in kak when his daughters are defending him on Twitter!
68000 of 75000 is 90.67%

That's an A+. You are busy hating on Cassper Nyovest but you can't even get 40% to qualify to write an exam. 

BITCH SIT DOWN, BITCH BE HUMBLE 
DuckDuck Catapult is an actual robotic catapult built using an accelerometer, a water bottle and....a spoon!!
 wearing DHL, hoping he delivers. Should have gone with Yodel 
Lol Enkosi Spha unicorn hahaha 
Can't hear 90% of what she's saying but I can tell from her daughter's facial expression that it's nonsense. 
Jitter Bug!! 
That moment you fall of the trampoline and the dog trys shagging your head 
Favourite photo so far - looks like that many people aren't trying to 
Happy hour 
TheLateShow on STV2 NOW is strictly for Adults Only. It's the last LateShow of the festival & involves a penis breaking a brick 
Nothing like 2 bald(ing) men flirting  over food 
Trying my Santa suit on ready for the Jingle jog tomorrow it’s huge 
Yes please!! 
We always knew those squirrels were up to no good! 
Now time to get my skates on...literally. 
I keep telling cab drivers to enjoy the rest of their night when they’ve dropped me off. They must hate that 
Went to look up apocalypse in the dictionary after reading 
22 Tracks - Respectable considering I'm not even a full time DJ like that! 
i got to interview fab & jada about pharrell having to convince them to record "young'n" and "knock yourself out" 
You know you been banging chest and arms when it hurts to cream your back 
Take 2... dates 
I just saw one of those semi-famous girls on Instagram who actually had make up on her mid section to make it look like she had a toned stomach.

Thank goodness I have freed myself from that world, it’s getting crazier. 
GUYS!!!!
The same mcm uses soundgoodizer for mastering and charges £20 per track. It was £60 but nobody hollard! 
I think we are doing a great job, her accuracy is tuned. Don’t you agree 
Any else noticed that 
Ever walk past a randomer with ya headphones in as they’re yawning and it looks like they’re belting a scream at you 
 S/O My Nigga Dusty 
Aye just 
Me when I tweet about 
What's Poppin'?! 
Speed cameras in London ..much point? If you can break the speed limit in London you should be rewarded for the achievement 
That was easily best episode of the series so far
Even 
Makes me wanna go church 
And if lovin the lord is wrong......I don’t wanna be right 
Good times at 
Italian defenders against Sweden. 
Place the word ''Only'' anywhere on the sentence : She Told Him That She Loved Him 
25 years apart 
My mom loves your music 
Like I'd wear a blindfold while singing it 
I think Simon gotta breakthrough!
That music at the end though
 
Claudio Gino ginelli wants feedback on his electro house dubstep driven trap house progressive banger 
miraculously, iv come to the realization that he probably is going to play both ur dubs 
It s Friday, do you need fresh track for the week end? Ok you have to wait till monday 
*pints 
So as I walk into my AirBnB I see this 
Ready for saturday
Hothead Lol
I am definitely some manic depressive, wild high or wild low
smashed out my research project midway presentation, hopefully the fockin presentation goes well
Very productive day spent editing the music video for our next single. Here's a pic of us taking refuge in a carpark, where it was warmer than 2 degrees 
It’s getting dangerously close to the ‘works xmas party’ season. Just remember guys and gals, nothing great ever came from a free bar. Or as a good friend put it ... “You can't be in control with somebody who's seen you do The Timewarp..” 
Putting our 
Sorry, but Puig is going to have to stop kissing that bat like that. 
Tour buses are overrated 
When the year 11s try take your footy
Announce editing the cross out the video ... 
The day’s of the week as told by 
This 1 year old got attitude... Did anyone see when she almost fell and rewind that bih back 
The people who complain about website lags for online shops are the ones who know NOTHING about retail administration 
Love this thread 
Thoroughly enjoyed seeing this on the 
 So true!
Charles de Gaulle Airport is one big French comedy. At one point a sum total of zero people were working at Passport Control 
The government wants to seize Martin Shkreli's one-of-a-kind Wu-Tang Clan album. 
I’m pretty sure 
AND THE AWARD FOR THE LAMEST TWEET GOES 2....YOU !
No this isn’t okay 
 you shoulda come said hi
Everyday All-day 


Dog eat Dog is a decent fucked up film, Mad Dog is a certified lunatic 
Damn! I knew it. I am likely to be a "frustrated pro-European" 
OK fine! Because we love you we made 
Going on till 7am 
If Mr Eazi & Shatta Wale knows what is best for them, they better go & meet De Gea to save their dying career 
 This is dope man
I had to come watch this video again 
In addition we are continuing with our other daily work. We have just recovered this 
This reminds me of 
“First day on the job”
I’M DYING 
How do you wear a trenchcoat at a Champagne festival, in November? Wow ootata baseNgcobo 
Despite the constant negative press unfokding... 
Some folks frown up Salaula (thrifted clothes) buh ineh lemme not even lie!! I have a gift for Thrifting!! 
Is your refrigerator running? 
When you get the audience to join you in singing the brand new jingle for a very ‘tasty and tempting’ company (can’t share the new bit but you’ll recognise this part!) 
Big Poppa Gibbs 
Tweet of the night 
There's a lot of us in that boat 
“you don’t rush that...you know. this is butters.”  
we did love the ending! 
Hater: why did you buy a lambo

Me:


Another satisfied customer 
Too busy checking my DM's 
Walking with a friend
can reduce stress… unless that friend stresses you out. 
The way 
A reporter (and soon to be groom) asked WSU’s Coach Leach for wedding advice. He went IN. 
Christmas just wouldn't be Christmas without it........
should’ve done this to 
5 minutes into 1 on 1s and the Rams/Chargers already have beef
Tom game cold asf bro 
Y'all know who run Alabama Fr 
 fam read boobie miles book cause spin move went dumb
 or game was his highlight film on ma nem
First time caught me off guard 
My first ever brow tutorial is finally up on my channel! I know... took me long enough!
Can safely say 
It’s clear the MSM have NO IDEA what to do with 
When there's a packed press room on pins waiting for Sam Allardyce's first presser and 
When door-to-door sales people come to your door... 
This playground might need a new speed limit! 
Cute kid clearly hasn't used a slide before! 
Next week bout to be LIT 
Free kick cleared and Hemmings plays it out to Davies cross whipped innlow and Jake Jackson ghosts past his man to fire Home, whilst typing Kettering equalise from a corner 2-2 
I love this girl...so stinkin' cute!
Where do they go? 
An Englishman walks into a bar, usually there would be an Irishman, a Scotsman and a Welshman but they're sat at home crying whilst the Englishman is at the World Cup in Russia. 
This thumbnail 
He been in Missouri too long 
@_WesBrown_24 started Twitter only a few years to late 
You would've thought 
Oh dear! 
Now down to one leg till Christmas. 
Mr Buntine is getting good on crutches and wheelchair!

Hoppy Weekend 
All the love from me and Layla is running to you with love to. If anyone gives you stress I will get her to bark at them 
When your office plant isn't looking too healthy... bring in the parents to fix it!
Well... that's what Gillian (Communications and Marketing Manager at NICHS) did!! 
It was great to meet 
One of my favourite post performance comments came yesterday when a lady said to me "do you have a book that I can buy? And if not, can I buy you instead?" 
What are you trying to say?!!! 
I’m dying. My mom bought this book for my 6 year old and I just called to ask if she had actually opened the book. She hadn’t. 
Had a blast at 
Going well for Rino Gattuso. Just conceded a last seconds equaliser, Alberto Brignolo the Benevento goalkeeper with the goal!!
Jesus! 
Alabama really played 3-on-5 vs. Minnesota after their entire bench got ejected for fighting…and they only lost by 5 
Marc’s commentary has not gone down well with Rio 
Has Stanley been living under a rock? Does he know anything? 
 your face on 7 screens at 
So glad this video has resurfaced 
Great to part of your table team today 
Dozens helping to revamp and clear out the Fernhill centre 
Thanks, guys! We may be bad at quizzes but we're good elsewhere 
Mike Parry’s trending... 

it’s time for this..
 just saw u in Costco 
"You're not Rangers anymore" 
Apologies in advance for the video spam 
We all know number 8 very well... 
This is seriously entertaining! 
OUT NOW: Latest vlog from the recent Swedish Open! We go back stage with the Chinese players! Xu Xin is hilarious! 
So me 
What about all the others? Bad luck to them is it? 
"Lions, they don't recover like humans."

"We're doing the lions thing again, yeah?"


Daniel Sturridge finding out about his pace on FIFA 18 is the funniest thing I’ve watched today 
The most savage nutmeg of the season 
Every fit girl I see, instantly fall in love. Plan the date and all sorts 
Back when I was a lil guy gettin some in the streets of 
All set for 42nd Street the musical.. Xx think I may make the cut lol 
Cyco 
Gorgeous meal at 
Is it weird I visualise some Victorian ballroom dancing to the tune of Fairytale in New York?

I mean seriously I'm getting vibes of a very different version of Little Women 
Yeah right one of those Disney villains disguised as a good guy. The way he did 
Oi! I’ll have you know Lis.. this ol’ Daresugg video is Asked for every bloody day! Just giving the people what they want 
Looks like the book 
Ol' Reliable 
Dad jokes 
Shout out to my dude gtav_skit_boyz_youtube 
Supported 
Cracking up subbing 
Rad trip just started from 
It’s been emulsional… 
Lots of students from universities across the UK contacting me about writing their research dissertations in relation to darts, how good is that 
Last night in Prague. Big Andy raring to go. Happy days 
I was not even born 
People talking less about a guy who brought 68000 people in one place. Just because he couldn't get to 75000?
 but you got up and went again
HAIRNET SELFIE 
Very odd combo!  (Not me and my camera man! 
Think he only lost twice. Once to me and once to you lmfao! Hopefully he takes it into his next comp! 
Wijnaldum looking like a GTA loading screen
Long time customers getting EXITED in the shop today 
Giggs well done! Definitely knew he wasn't coming to Mobo 
Dave ain't here too 
I had lots of fun (and stress
Kyla is OBSESSED with 
Idk who bodies my song yesterday Xavier or the thrill 
"I want her green life. Her inside me
in a green hour I can’t stop.
             Green vein in her throat green wing in my mouth
green thorn in my eye. I want her like a river goes, bending.
Green moving green, moving."
-
 dude said 'defeat me'
 dude capitalized forever
Looking forward to some banter and fun later when hosting the 
Very different to our changing room when we played right Greenway!! 
He is going well, I was just enjoying their banter. But did that shooting % include 
Billy and 
Loving the FAQ section on website for 
haha! Glad we are both okay! I want the footage 
Audience member1: movements like 
Omgggghh 
Classic hip hop these days 
Man hater Van Badham wants support from the men she persistently insults 
Stone the Flamin' Crows, I got to do this Alf Stewart portrait today! 
"Did we just become best friends?"


Best part is 
What are thooosseee 
Being forced in to watching I’m a celebrity. Boris Johnson’s old man is an absolute beauty 
 I faced you in 2010 mate in your peak. You literally couldn't land it on the cut strip 
Catching cramps in your toes are the worst 
This is me 
 go on big lad
Ninja Defuse In Real Life 
“Sheriff of Nottingham”
Today I went and watched my eldest son's first cricket match. They were bowled out for 20 and he top scored with 5
Trying to tell people how badly the Bears are going to suck this weekend while looking THIS ridiculous. Chicago has the best sports reporters hands down! Made my morning 
what is keith sweat doing with 21 savage 
RT if 
Hold on bro, where was I
Haha how have you got a mention 
Jon Moss is an absolute baller! 
Throw your hands in the air and wave ‘em like you just don’t caaaare! 

Not funny: this guy led police on a chase. 

FUNNY: dance party in the middle of 45 
How many times does someone have to sneeze before you stop sayin “bless you” 
Ask & you stall receive!!

Classic 
best costume i seen 
When boredom strikes 
Move out the way big tractor  coming your way!
"I want to start by saying that I hear you. I’m not listening, but I definitely do hear you." 
Everyone go wish my Brodie 
 on me!
 Hillary’s First 100 Days
 that’s my dude
When the whole class snitches on you 
When you’re up 2-1 with Red Star against Real Madrid with 5 mins left 
Thank me Later 
When you see bae walk by in booty shorts 
IM LAUGHING SO HARD 
Yo  
I am half Filipino & the accuracy that this video portrays is JOKES !!!!! Only Pinoy people will understand the crude love from their relatives on a daily basis, not just holidays 
This ain’t no UPSET it’s reality. 
Isaiah Wynn with the SEC Championship photobomb 
Shoutout my bro 
I swearrr
Y'all too much 
 I'm crineeeeee ! 
The black and gold ones the ones A.i steppes over Tyrone lue in. 
#1 by far. Thats never been done before. And I
I stay ready 
I wish i could play in the 
Shooters keep shooting 
juju on that beat 
May've been true if I had yo big ass up there 
Caption this 
. Can't get "Told You So" off of repeat. 
When you're a roadman with kids, it only makes sense... 
Just tried it... it works on a Tuesday morning too 
Once there was a lion and a monkey, and the monkey said ‘I can make the weather change....’ 
When your mum texts you to let you know you've stolen Megan and Harry's thunder 
(Retta, update them hashtags
 was really just on 
 go on lad 
crazy how coaches can leave whenever they please, but when a player wants to transfer they want to take a year of eligibility away
She said "for you" and Future said "nah for us"
Timeline filled with people trying to get an invite to royal wedding providing their services as either DJ or wedding singer 
Mama Kalidas has never watched 
I almost lost my voice, we screamed so hard 
Haha genius. I cant wait to assume my final form. 
Biggest congratulations to 
We just heard the news —everything. Is. On. Sale. At. 
We going off names? Or numbers? 
Never heard of 
Yes for them early call times 
I had to bro you know it's all love and respect with me 
Wtf!!!!!!! Best laugh all day 
That part 
This is actually a great idea 
Wheelchairs and paramedics on standby 
Pharma bro felon Martin Shkreli might lose his $2million Wu-Tang album 
Y'all win 
When the dancehall party is rammed and you play one song that’s not bashment 
A Mom & Daughter that slays together stays together! 
Sometimes Life feels life a scary Movie...........you can close your eyes or you can stick your tongue out at it! 
not stopping djing with these until some1 hooks me up *cough

potentially hurting ur brand everytime I use em now 
OMG! I'm dying to know which TOP notch DIVA celebrity he's talking about! 
Someone neglected to inform the Ukranian orchestra above, that there was a Bug soundcheck in the basement below... Cue an instant termination of our soundcheck, def not appreciating my subs...
WHO WANTS TO LOOK LIKE A HOLIDAY PRESENT?! 
All is well so far, going back in a couple hours. Grabbing that Bloody Mary & some breakfast until the next appointment! 
EVERYONE called this after week 2 ~ thanks for making it official 
You're so dry it's like the desert 
Real shittt
 love it!
A 
Womit. That’s the word of the day. Womit. 
James & Dave Franco what they love most about each other & their CRAZIEST auditions ever 
Everyone has a mate like 
 Brilliant x
I see you rocking that 
 You're mum just perfectly broke down YouTube drama 
This time next week I’ll be sat in my seat waiting to see 
IM DYING 
Bet bro and I wasn't getting on u Ik u were joking. Just wanted to see if u were tryna scrim
 would you fight mike Tyson? “No?! Have you seen the size of him?!” 
Curled up and waiting for 
I love love love 
This had us crying with laughter 
 Seeing this waiting for me at home actually made my day!! Fully died at the joke too 
Don't let this be your Mac n Cheese. Happy Thanksgiving everyone! 
We’ll have a word with our gundogs and see what they say! 
Massive thank you to everyone at 
But it's real if you leave a message. 
 This is never a risk in the cycling world. 
Happy Bday Bro 
Anybody else notice this last night? Nice job avoiding the 7/10 split on that roll! 
Ju can't handle a group chat 
a honestly hope one year they do a “
Toomer’s Corner is LIT tonight! 
Knox found our 
DB at heart 
LeBron was too hyped about the Ohio State game 
How many steps in a euro, Harden? 
Yooooooo, 
Oh my gosh that's awful 
Showing up to the table on thanksgiving like (
Wendy's is wildin out 
BRUHH 
HAHAHA This guy is lit!!!
They laughed when i committed 
Saban maybe whining but he ain’t lying! 
Hard facts 
absolutely inaccurate
Before Snapchat and Instagram was around, this is where you showed off your shoes/outfit. Never forget where you came from 
You too fam 
Lol, coach me up on how to hold a baby please... 
Fixed the Hurricanes v. Notre Dame fan fight video 
You guys ended them 
“U” cant be serious right now 
Dilly Dilly 
Just listen to the announcers... nothing else needs to be said. 
 best tweet ever 
Oh Hell Yeah!! RT 
a) as opposed to your partners? b) does running Twitter Networking and IRL Networking qualify for anyone 
It's just like being at a 
Dads and daughters doing 
Lewis Hamilton has the giggles during our review show.

But what on-track moment made him laugh? 
WATCH: Want to see two-and-a-half minutes of F1 drivers messing up and joking around?

It's the best out-takes and bloopers from Grill The Grid 2017 
It looks like it's 
Out speaking to residents in Village this morning with 
What a journey it has been to dance on this show and hopefully break some perceptions!Now they need to find someone who keeps their bum in!
Don't know if I'm more annoyed that i messed up the anecdote about 
Classification today! Time to see if I'm disabled enough to lift 
Unpacked my bag...it's mostly food 
Made it to Mexico. Now for the jetlag fun 
Well that was a strange one!! 
Bethany was totally floored when she was asked to star in this week's 
Well this took an unexpected turn! 
Would you try bug bread? It's safe to say 
If you need a lesson in persistence, just speak to 
Remember they are Dodgems not hit ems 
kieran watching deborah when she was walking 
"I'm excited. I can't sleep. I keep wanting to pee cause I'm so excited. After seven thousand miles to have this down to two miles is awesome." - 
I’ve just been crying with laughter at this 
Sooo we have drawn our raffle for our Macmillan Coffee Morning!!! Can you tell we love a boomerang 
Well the skating still needs work but the hair looks nice 
This will resonate with every creative 
Harry - “I’ve met this chick, she’s everything I want. Everyone’s gonna kick off...” 

Me - “It’s okay Harry, just do what makes you happy” 


Our very first interview in Arabic...! Native speakers, don't laugh 
ONE UP to 
It’s the biggest night of the year... So make it count! 
Tag a mate that loves the John Lewis Christmas ads! 
No 
Omg bex’s has a heart !!! Headline news 
She's literally GI Jane 
 Dear John, please don't ignore the bit about the added 1.4 trillion to the deficit. Sincerely, Isha
I will!!! 
The weather is looking good today ladies 
Ladies from 
VERY, very true! 
I actually get such a thrill when I block rude people on Instagram 
Me: Eddie have you tidied your toys in the living room? 
Eddie: Yea, but I haven’t vacuumed. 

Always looking for the good angles, still clearly haven't found that piece of nothing I always seem to stare at beside me 
 Pretty much said those exact things to myself
Someone open the door for this dog, please!
Love being downvoted for saying I work on the game, may be time for a reddit break 
"Bacon comes from crocodiles" 
Happy Birthday, 
Social links 
Mansour Bahrami leading by example as he puts on a fantastic exhibition for the 
There's no way those signs are just a coincidence right? 
Hey.. We always begin slow don't worry 
I can't stop laughing at this interview 
Wait for it.....
.
.

It’s Friday 1st Dec... Elf gif countdown 
Lol. You better be! I'm exoecting you to keep putting the WIn in Wingham in whatever you do. We don't do 2nd 
"eSports isn't a sport" OH WELL REALLY I WOULD NEVER HAVE GUESSED DUMBASS LMFAO
Not sure about the bandana but your grunt is definitely ATP level 
Stick to cricket 
Thinking 
Going live from 
At least he's honest 
remember this 
How some people feel after 
 Who can relate? 
So, I guess I get a 
 Lol thanks, just trying to keep up with the 
Right into her Six Star bag 
 Make sure your feet are properly locked in on the glute ham bench 
When you realize you're listening to heavy metal and cross stitching 
Glad I'm not the only guy who watches this. 
Listening to the 70s, and Rowan says "can you please turn on music from the 21st Century" 


Our ultimate musician Rex Wiseman right after Joe forgot to introduce him last night 
Just when you thought you had a stressful job 
HONK if you see this! 
I've been LOLing at 
When you try to find the food at the party... 
Highlight of my day/week/month/year: scaring 
Justin: "I have snot coming out of my nose" 
Behind the scenes of 
I’m loving 
“I’ve been in rooms before. We’re in a room right now.”-Mosley

At least Beale tried 
"OMG I gave you my mother!" Deeks is on screen for less than two minutes and I'm already LOL-ing! 
Son dove for the touchdown 
And let's not forget being awesome
Why the ref slither across the screen LMAO 
"85%, you wanna try another lie?" -Hondo 
I’ve just added 
See you Friday 
lol you funny....bunt
Ok so this is the deal. Matt and Ross bet me $100 I couldn’t guess a plot line in one of the episodes. I did...so here I am showing off my sweet victory 
Was good to meet you lads, was some trip typified by the absolute mess of the caveman 
 I’m laid up after taking a crack to the ribs so was a 3 but this has put me to a 10!
you were first guy to own one pal, although you were a few ales in when the auction started right enough 
For all those asking about the Cesar and Jinky gnomes you can get them direct from 
Look at the zombies come out to play 
Facts. Think I gave it 17 mins. Also had a hat but the du rag lay was too good not to let the waves flourish 
If Edouard scores i will delete twitter 
YO! Vice really did a piece on whether or not 
AYY we on tour with 
When you have hulk out abilities 
Last time Knicks beat the Clippers 
PS Watching this from my uni library + praying no one sees me stanning myself 
saturday morning shape-up. (as beyonce "pretty hurts" plays in the background 
Happy Halloween 
That moment u realize they spelled a wu member's name wrong on the flag 
When you fucking with a nigga I swear you can spot his car , his hairline, the shape of his head, his clothes , his shoes anywhere 
 finger crossed they listen to you 
So me & 
Not flexing but Iam flexing Fuk a hater 
Stay Out Of My DMs With All The Questions 
Okay so these the top two songs, which ever one gets the most love we’re dropping forsure 
We've got a new club photographer at City! Vincent Kobola is a real club man! 
The bench was out of control. 
 Very hard marathon, glad it's done and dusted 
I'm not the only one! Yes! 
 Goodnight
Wasn't Me In That Video Y'all Funny Tho 
“Be yourself” 
Lmfaoo yoo this funny as shit but 100% true 
FUUUUUUCKKK this shit aint ever gone get old 
Everything after 27 seconds is literally 
Love the coke bottles 
wait 
We had to share the picture 
Fond memories of this show despite merch getting soaked by the rain 
"Damn you reply hella fast are you bored? 
Yes guys... this is me 
Ruptured ACL but who cares after a 95th minute winner 
We’re here!! 
We're thrilled that Leeds is starting it's month laughing with 
"Man walk around with grands in their pocket, he walks around with his gran in his pocket" 
Blesssss faaaam lol 
Ahhhhh I like the way the vibes are building up for this bday bash faaaam 
Some serious love making going on with the mic here 
 assistant said at a shoot today can we do that shot with out your cap on? I was like "what" 
Im just watching 
I wish I could tweet stuff 
Any takers for 'Official Mascot' at 
When I sat my driving test for like the 3rd time, there was a reverse round the corner I couldn’t do. My DI told me that was most likely going to be the route so my mum being my Mum, sat parked at the corner so when I got there I couldn’t do it, I went on to pass my test
The reason my pants sag the way they do... 
Ps I hate my job 
Imagine niggas are tryna interview me and haven’t heard any of my projects. Am not Sandra from the block do your homework beforehand pls 
I get so mad when I see UK artists using amazing locations, props, extras and the visual looks pants! Invest in a good videographer first!! 
How ima comb my hair into existence 
When you get that freaky text from bae in public and it catch you off guard 
I have so many questions 
Raheem Sterling is going to play Man's Not Hot at the Man City Christmas party. 
This is why 
Soccer PM Is here! And this lot are all excited by it...! 
Ima celebrity the roadman version would be so fukin funny 
Oh dear 
Some of the fakest people tweet the most amazing quotes that they themselves don’t even live by 
 cheers Gary 
, I’ll take that. What a title 
Thank you but many would disagree ben, I’ve been called untalented and a fat shit in the space of 32 minutes 
The madam line killed me pal 
Oi guys this might possibly have been my favourite moment of 2017 
Republic of Ireland fans celebrate women buying lingerie in Denmark 
Here’s a little throwback for ya for those who don’t know....Might have to bring that haircut back!!! 
Chomsky explains media bias to Andrew Marr, "If you believed something different, you wouldn't be sitting where you're sitting" 
non stop rising bro
WOW what a day! Flying visit and wish I could have stayed longer... but that drill life 
I was waiting for some one to gif this 
I like it when people embrace others cultures to the max 
 love it!
Good Vibes In Training 
Slid my way to P5 in my heat, even lead into Copse on lap 1 
I also have great memories of you 
 the hair glo is mad still
Do you know how funny this is! 
Fuck is tiny sex? 
The story behind the 
Dear 
Brendan rogers playing real life football manager 
West Brom need to sign someone like Tony Pulis to keep them up 
Craig’s all set for the 
Falling over yeah 
It’s amazing how many taxis you get in and they ask you how to get to where you’re going lol.... “ bro I don’t have a clue that’s why I got a taxi “ 
When you know you’ve NAILED it 
AMIR PRETENDED IT WAS IAIN’S IDEA 


Oh my god ... 
Had a hypo this morning and the only sugary thing in my room was my advent calendar...happy 9th of December everyone
Wtf did Alonso just do 
Currently watching/listening to Ammi Boyz play some track about ‘deepthroating’ to an ice rink of middle class families at sometset house 
 Even my Dad is on the 'Cola' hype!!!! 
Repost via 
Repost via @roadmanallday - w/ repostwhiz app:

Martin Taylor is a troooollll 
Amsterdam Dance Event let's be havin ya! On my way to join the rest of the uk at ADE  
I don’t remember the last time I laughed this hard 
Pretty sure questions like this is why Kyrie wanted to leave the Cavs..  
I would have bus a whine when the beat dropped if it was appropriate 
Neighborhood watch.. 
Poor rat, running into KFC. He must be really hungry to eat that crap...
You can't remix a future classic like that lol 
"Gonna go to the Eiffel Tower and eat some spaghetti hoops and that" 
I forgot how funny the 2nd series the League of Gentleman is
Finally got my new fibre broadband switched on - It's 1.5mb faster than my previous ADSL connection. 
9.5mbps! The future is now! 
Can't wait to see these "2017 was horrible 2018 is my year" tweets next December 
Me and her in the future 
Yall Remember When This Use To Be The Shit 
Rick and Morty season 3 episode 3 is amazing 
 WTF is that? Crust on crust.
If you're not reading every freaking tweet by 
The police tried arrest me for doing the 
New comedy video coming soon 
When your Granddaddy a Gangsta 
They shooting out there
Bitch talk about me 
He thought i was finna pay 
So it’s happening date dropping soon 
FAMU people love bringing up my twitter, I don’t even like y’all forreal 
i got to interview fab & jada about pharrell having to convince them to record "young'n" and "knock yourself out" 
Bill Belichick can barely contain himself when watching his team score touchdowns 
That’s what ya head shaped like 
That puppy going ham on that titty 
Fun to watch something like this, haha. Never thought of making my track with the gun sound 
Forever a hater bro.. 
Buddy was trying hard not to look at 
‘Tis the season...

In which I receive amber-scented body spray and lotion gift sets for every secret Santa gift exchange. 
this got me weak 
they castrated Vision 
"he's straight, like straight straight, not gay straight you know?" 
Running is boring you say?! 
Have you taken the 
THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE VIDEO 
OH: This code uses phone a friend to contact the on call developer 
 Oconee County Sheriff's Office trolls Auburn fans during 
Can you be friends with your ex? 
When she asks to sit on your shifter 
“It weighs more than HE DOES” 

Not going to lie, I'm all in on the WandOff 
Hi Aja, poor donnie is really having a rough one huh
While everyone is focused on Flynn, the Russians, Robert Mueller, and the tax-bill...

I'm at the FCC, doing the grunt work. 
Life’s too short... so don’t dull 
Shark Alert! 
Fridays at hm
Can we all pause for a moment to appreciate how wonderful 
new vlog
we brought snow to California
$11,000 of it 
vlog’s have been crazy lately 
I know nothing about soccer but #5 on the Duke women’s team is an absolute baller 
being held hostage (figuratively) in our living rm by my fiancée bc he thinks I'm good luck for the Dodgers
Modi addressing a jam-packed Election Rally in Bharuch, Gujarat!
D'you think I could throw a few bits in there too 
The smedium Green Lantern says hello, 

True story!


I have literally never laughed so hard at a thread, and I mean literally, not figuratively. 
This 1st grader is proudly showing off why his family can't have nice things! Hard not to smile when you read his shirt! 
The weyrey dey my body
Oh my Lordy 
Wanted to see 
Oy! 
If ever you needed a reason to vote for 
Please don't cry. 
If you were unsure about coming, this HAS to have changed your mind 
African pastor asks his congregation

Are you feeling Hot or MAN'S NOT HOT??
Skkkkkkkrrrrrrrrr 
Oooh I'll look it up! This is the finished piece, Street Spirit by Radiohead. You'll need to crack the code to play it! 
 Dad dance!
Signs you are a mother of 2 - you go to the nail salon to relax and sleep 
haha! Glad we are both okay! I want the footage 
This is the best
Poor fella must have got the early ferry across this morning.....looks fairly tired 
We think it’s the greatest accent of them all. Santa however... 
The bold 
With a nickname like that, imagine how good my skin will look when I'm 80! 
"Gutted"about the last couple of days
One thing I can stomach is being back home with my girls 
Mate 
It’s too funny hearing Stephen either talk or meow at Sonny 
Day 3 of tour and last night; we all officially bonded over our mutual love of chicken strips!! 
Charlie Chaplin and the Great Gatsby - two happy customers! 
The gloves aren't making their parents buy them phones or pads are they 
And thanks to Eric for providing the food at 5am to everyone in the reception lobby
Phew that will take you to the warehouse 
Had anyone else making 
Plumbers 1-0 Electricians 
Great evenings crk!! Be a sore boy tomorrow 
Brilliant from our chums at 
Back stage marketing prep! 
Back to washing pots at mtk, that doesn't even make sense ya stupid cunt 
 well if that's true I like him
 legend!
Firmino has actually no looked that. What is happening 
I'm done 
Went on and some one has disabled my account on Facebook to be fair who ever you are thank you done me a favour never had the will power 
Great work today with 
Facebook Live for tv is a winner 
Dom mispronouncing EMMERSON MNANGAGWA is too funny!! 
keeping your streets ice-free....
"Nick Grit-Shaw" 
I've made it 
Yes you can go to the Panto without kids! LOVED tonight’s show at 
Tonight’s panto is deffo the best I’ve ever seen, loved it so much, my cheeks hurt from laughing
Short and sweet 
Four! She only ate the sweets 
How UPS Workers Training For The Holidays 
Front page of the Telford Journal says it all! 
New bats arrive at Exotic Zoo... and owner looks like an idiot 
happy leftovers day 
Who wants a shout out?! To 50k people? 
NEW VIDEO TONIGHT: 6pm!
Public reaction video with a twist 
This video is still growing 
We got there in the end 
When you miss your besties dog so she sends you a snapchat of him.... 
Susan on strictly is my favourite person ever
Me: 
This is so accurate 
i just found 
You bragging about using prize money to get girls when all I needed was a pair of pink shorts 
“Now we’re famous” 
 How to get 4th graders excited! Shoutout the 
Brought the kids skating outdoors in NC...now that’s a zamboni 
Now that's good ol fashioned locker room bonding
Devin keeps talking about the “king” (Santa) who gave him a “thing” (candy cane). A Jewish child’s interpretation of his first interaction with Christmas 
Nerd sniping 
Mila "weighs" in on the gym 
After the Pens beat the Caps
A guide to giving your cats their annual performance review 
Ok finally not deprecating the "env" option (unrelated to babel-preset-env) in the Babel config anymore thanks to 
Learning Premiere Pro and playing with new intros to my vlogs 
Never doubt those people's love who send multiple good morning/ afternoon/evening/night msgs to you every day. 
Girls with push-ups bra is like lemon candy wrapped in Ferrero Rocher cover 
 congratulations you're gna be a Dad! 
mission and vision 
... and then there were 2

Welcome 
I wonder if google has internships for 6th graders... 
I don't know why mine's en Español but whatever 
 He’s DEAD asleep & I look over & his tongue is hanging out! Bwahahahahaha 
Boufal not realizing it’s one way glass then 
It'll be hard going home... BUT I have some really exciting plans and projects in the pipeline - and some bloody gorgeous solo and full band gigs to look forward to! The tour never needs to end 
Great photo
A Boeing 767-200 VVIP for sale. I’m sure if we all passed the hat around....... we might be able to? 
So my gorgeous wifey enters the bathroom..... and ........ AGGHHHHHH!!! 
OK - I know this is a bit dorky but I love the grass we have on the east coastal parts of 
Holding up my wife’s legs. 
Only in 
SO 
Lol i learned the term “Right On” in Indiana basically means thank you for my Ohio followers 
I'm goooneee 
Why did 
The guys at 
A work in progress! 
The lovely staff 
Ticketsolves Conor and David are currently doing their photoshoot in London for their new rap group but are stuck on what to call themselves? Any suggestions? 
Yep, that's right Brexiters. A nation of people tweeting about angel pillows, a child milking a toy cow & a man dressed as a lobster - with none of their kids in bed come midnight, holds the key to your EU negotiations.  
Why are Hot Press tagging all the fascist words?! 
I just brought Caoimhe to see Santy in Phoenix Park & he goes (all shocked!) I know you, I voted for you!! Now if that isn't an endorsement then what is? The main man himself is a 
The march continues with 
Howiya! It's 
Trump endorsed a pedophile.
Navy aircraft crash.
Only flying fuck he gives
Hates ungrateful blacks.


Only in Donegal would the bus driver sing "Danny Boy“ through the bus microphone to see if it's working. 
I may have a new favourite 
With skills like these it is surprising that the dinosaurs went extinct 
Mrs. Hagerty (Principal) and Ms. Hunt (VP) race in today’s trike-a-thon in support of the 
The caption 
 they mad.. LeBron unbothered 
This amuses me so much 
It IS always Justin’s fault.
Y’all be moving in SILENCE LOUD AF 
Splits, limbo, impersonations and lots of 
Well if Doc gets thrown out tonight, you know why. 
*This picture was taken during an argument about who owned Lake Michigan* 
Only Cris Collinsworth would praise Norman on an uncatchable ball 
agreed Terry
 Adore you!!!!
Things are heating up at the 
So today my little brother William told me that everything I wear looks sooo comfortable. I feel like that means I need to put real clothes on more often
Check out my new YT video out now!! It's one of my favs
I’m still emotionally all fluffy 
Win 2 tickets to every Electric Factory show in 2018!! 
Probably the most I’ve laughed while doing one of these minisodes
Na na na. Hey Hey Hey....Goodbye!! 
Me all over 
On todays 
"Anyone ever told you your dick tastes like dog breath?" 
those feels when you’re hungry 
What are thoseeeee 
Is it just me, or has anyone else noticed that we're headed towards every 
The Klingons steal Christmas! 
About last night... 
I've never had the chance to play this, but the sound effects are too good to ignore! 
Were you in my kitchen this morning? I didn’t even notice you 
P.s 
Two games away from home in 4 days. 7 goals scored, 3 goals conceded, 6/6 points. Boring, Boring Man United. 
Insight into the struggles of a GT, from the gentlest of giants 
Because we are so photogenic 
"More chunes for your headtop so watch how you speak on my name." - 
Gordon banks wearing a 
Mission impossible: making a grouppicture with my friends. Swipe to see the result 
Who remembers this classic stitch up? 
This is why you never celebrate too early 
Chance The Rapper did a SNL sketch as a hockey reporter 
Chance the Rapper did a hockey skit on SNL, this is hilarious. 
Challenge accepted I guess 
Rocking out with 
Too good!! 
Lose a skate blade, finish off the shift flapping around on the ice 
Working on a new exiting project... stay tuned! 
Lmao 
I’m with the presenter of the 
Feeling revived after Cheesy chips 
congrats to u too bra we coming to visit
Live Young King !!! Unlimited Gold Pants 
Can the birthday boy 
Lots a sticky notes, regular notes, tons of notes in general lol 
This Kobe commercial has me dying 
How every Boston fan really feels 
You should’ve dropped some bars for him one time 
Foul 
Sam is a beast lol He is really good at everything 
Sam can do it all....great athlete....for a punter 
I hear myself repeating some of the things I hated hearing growing up to TJ smh....TJ and Kam were wrestling I said “Y’all better chill out.....I know that much”...so unnecessary to add to it 
Today has been entirely too much on here. Peak 
Every girl when SZA comes on 
The beautiful game 
Facts only 
When your under 6 there’s a lack of dominance 
Cannot wait - it’s going to be *such* a fun 
This is going to be the Christmas gift that keeps on giving... 
So how did the light switching on go 
 never fails to have me laughing in a morning 
Dem ah clean out mi teeth 
The fucking irony 
This is some serious Ish..
You are so wrong for this 
Tfw you meet your identical twin 
Just found out how cool my parents were when they were my age. Hahaha I can’t even come close. 
And this is why i stay off skateboards.  
Now following —-> 
Omg shad!!! Keith doesn’t pay rent in your heart I’m done 
Shad saying 
15-0 tough old scrap. Yh it was close. Thought I did enough with good last round. Fighting a guy who fights at light heavy and super mid defo didn’t help 
This is a great study! Well done 
That time Mick McCarthy shit himself over absolutely nothing 
U need some new material mate 
Make me wait? 
I just tried 
fantastic 
Who wants to raise a man who plays with Madrid 
Crying 
Imagine finding the negatives of Cotto so you can continue the "I hate boxing" gimmick that you've created for yourself online to impress people who'll never ever care about you. 
 class this 
What a load of rubbish 
The Stig having a go at “reading” the news! 
Happy birthday to one of my bestest friends eva! Not many people make me laugh like you do
Never going to be a good picture after our sparring! 
Priceless!


Mike Grundy Weigh in and fierce face off 
Big Shaq has made it to the House of Commons 
Indianapolis 
James Richardson’s description of Dele Alli’s goal was tremendous 
Dominic Iorfa clearly pleased with the decision then 
This is superb 
De bruyne has more assists in one game than most of us in entire career 
 all part of the journey mate.
 no worries mate. Would have flattened my little lad but he’s a belter.
 Hope u show Sulky Sue in full effect! 
My Jets so lit
Finally got round to reading it 
Y’all
Any questions please @AberdeenLSO 
Leaders in the clubhouse 
100% on fairways avoided 
Looking forward to watching Brooke on 
I don’t want to rub it in 
Proud dad with both boys as number one graduated this week. Well done Jackster let the games begin! I think I’m shrinking ! 
Very rewarding visiting the schools  promoting golf for 
Now that’s a real shame! No company on my overnighter to Oman 
When your Bruv books an 
This gets funnier every week. 
As long as Coutinho and Firmino don't get injured tonight I don't care what the result is. 
Saturdays with no football are ridiculously boring. 
Christmas songs are already being played in our house. 
This is the funniest thing ever 
Can any player who has a Black Aluminium Cue Craft cue case, please double check they have the right one. Mine’s gone 
Anyone need some firewood??? 

Any Danger??? 
Hey that’s me 
Forgotten how good 
# charleysangels ready for Miami 
We all look so happy 
Night out with the lads then bring one of them bk to Netflix and chill 
“Following someone back after unfollowing them is the equivalent to the walk of shame... no one wants to do it” BEST THING IVE EVER HEARD 
Sometimes you have to take risks. In my case use a pickup line 
"I had the genius idea of putting her in a holdall." 
Amir is jokes man, hope he wins
Lets take an Elfie... every device in the house has been Elfied... Computers, iPads, Phones, has a screen shot of these two on it.. think the kids will enjoy this one.. 
This man is awesome 
Nothing questionable about it... I was wearing that when he was still making 3's 
Got a little bit over excited playing Christmas songs on 
Grown men get on social media just to hate on another person... 
My birthday is officially over 
This needs to be a GIF asap! 
Yoooo, why’d you have to do 
 I love this guy
Love that 
Girls go on one holiday and post “Take me back” for the next 5 years... the whole thing cost £200 JUST GO BACK 
 snap chat speaks out on every single girl when your lad thinks his going out 
Second time round 
I just cried at your tinder video Bruhhhh 
So fucked but it made me laugh 
This man dancing to Michael Jackson's ‘Remember The Time’ at a recent Janet Jackson concert absolutely KILLED IT. 
“I hope that despite this, you still had a great time at the match” 
Great way to rile the fans even more, ha, the cheek of it 
 bro even your mother knows thats false 
“My name is Bob”

Gave him the VVIP treatment so he has a very early slot.. He don’t like to wait 
You’re a hero 
L Love it! I completely forgot about similar scary stuff from my childhood. The Singing Ringing Tree OOFT!
Morning people! I've decided to switch to the Google Pixel 2 phone today. Let's see how we get on 
So excited to finally be launching some proper “merch”. I haven’t gone crazy, kept it simple and kept it to things I actually want to wear but so pleased to have more than just some STG hats 
Simon Mignolet gives CheekySport advice on how to get an underserving new contract the way he did at Liverpool 
How was Planet of the Apes made? 
When you’re dating someone who you thought was faithful but then you catch them... watching an episode of your favourite show without you!! THE BETRAYAL!! 
& in other new(s): i aint eatin it of u call it stuffin blk! 
Getting into the holiday spirit 
Looks like someone is enjoying being the center of attention 
Why u cappin u sing good af u never gotta work hard 
my dad sent me this 
right my mom always said if a woman put herself in a man position handle her like a man
How could you NOT love these two? I mean COME ON. 
Oh gosh i am part of the problem bc I did not report on “possible” land record 
 you notice how they used part of the tyreek hill bedlam punt return in the hype video for ou 
The funniest video on the internet right now 
Best caption and go! 
 he even got in the car slow. Lmao
 why he trying to eat the food slow now 
Yes we do!!! 
Are you watching 
A bad moms Christmas was hilarious! Highly recommend for some belly giggles 
First photo shoot in a long time and the makeup artists sl-l-l-ayed! I think imma go everywhere today in this face 
Cause i sleigh 
 you’ve made it girl, you’re a gif! 
Lmaoooooooo just listened to this with sound 
I hope I don't always look this silly! 
If she were, would I announce it on Twitter?
November is about to be lit!
Get on my level 
Just had to steal this genius gem from 
BRUH IM WEAK 
He’s now fully supporting us after your boys 
A fun season 
RT or TAG a friend that would miss this putt 
We couldn't help but share this as it made us chuckle 
Joe flacco is taking his elite arm to the bench 
When you learn you're not an only child anymore! 
Bex’s face when she finds out that I voted for her 5 times on the app to do the eating trial 
When your relationship is literally just tagging each other in food, animal or baby videos on Facebook 
Thought this would be nice but it's totally bleak 
Take your holiday whenever you like 
Day 4 of 
Ha:) Good egg rage Wrighty. There are 7 current members I think. 
Love the fact the 
I’ve now been twitter shamed into having this for breakfast. About 23 of my 5 a day. 
Double bag it, taxi five miles away and hide it in a public bin (ideally under other rubbish), whilst wearing gloves. I'm not some sort of novice! 
He’s lost a boot
: "I don't think I ever swapped shirts with any player"


Loud 
When you sneaking in the crib and you gottah step over the spot that creek 
I was just making sure u didn’t fall too hard bro
Ayyyee
Kolo Toure tells Piers Morgan to shut the fuck up because he had a go at Toni Kroos for liking James Blunt's tweet about calling Piers a liar. This is why Twitter is the best fucking thing to be invented 
Never work with animals, children AND 
Brilliant. It's not supposed to send you to sleep though. 
Every Arsenal fan will relate to this right now 
Who makes these? 
Haha I’ll try my best 
so I ref’d my first two 
What? I’m fine and you ok? 
You gotta love 
I wonder how many 
Scenes in the studio!

Where on earth is 
My ex really was on date my family last week! 
Penny Penny MUST BE STOPPED 
Before u compare me to Anyone
2005-Sister Bethina 
2006-Sister Bethina 
2007-Sister Bethina 
2008-Sister Bethina 
2009-Sister Bethina 
2010-Sister Bethina 
2011-Sister Bethina 
2012-Sister Bethina 
2013-Sister Bethina
2014
2015
2016
2017-Sister Bethina 
Which one is your fav
 you were gonn walk home. That’s the hotspot bro.
She sang it tho’ - we’re convinced of 
 remember this one Rufe 
At this point 
What was the song? Walking in a Wynter Wonderland...


Clearly struggling to contain myself 
What on earth is Cahill trying to do there 
Who did this? 
Why do I follow you
Imagine me too
. Stop it humble kid.
. That's oil and water
Sounds so spicy 
Oh man 
How cool is this 
Thank you “my athlete” 
Gotta love it when the postman knocks to tell me he is pissed off with seeing my face on every delivery 
 what can I say De Gea must have heard me too, and he had other ideas
Congrats on the debut 
I miss you ma day one *nigga*
Hahahaha
You must always listen
That father & son goals type'a thing! 
Today Rachel told me she finds it interesting when its my turn to drive us places because my music goes from pop stuff she knows to “scary ass screamo music”... she’s literally been putting up with this for almost 20 years 
With the amount of death metal I’ve been listening to lately, I’m honestly suprised I haven’t emerged from my home in corpse paint. 
At this rate, every band under the sun is playing Toronto in Feb and no one else is coming the rest of the year 
... why does it look like he’s smiling under the mask?! 
This Saturday myself and top man 
SPOTTED: Man vs Poncho at 
More drinks please i smell a big score margin
When 2 big teams meet and 1 get a red card it will look ordinary
When Zlatan scores he is opening his hands to Rashford,Herrera n Lingaard to say boys come to daddy
Good luck to my former Producer Beverly Maphangwa who will as of 2nite commence her duties at SABC & MetroFM. Trumped up charges dropped!!
Ditlhomamiso  day many years ago ka  di Scurl  and Cut before motho  atswa  lefatlha
Motho  o godile  man
Almost sounds like a tongue twister. 
 we were in my room... made the shadow thing up 
Cricket analysts could write a book on the shots 
Don't Say Anything, Just Retweet, Only If You See It...
Someone needs to break the news guys 
Ooooooh. 
I’ll do that on Tuesday I’ve got an appointment at 11 with him 
I couldn’t even if I tried.... not that I ever ever want to try... that picture is enough to give anyone nightmares.... thanks for that guys 
Ps Mjosty Said It All Guys

People talking less about a guy who brought 68000 people in one place. Just because he couldn't get to 75000?
Golden 
Giving people ultimatums because you think you'll get the answer you want 
Hazard mimicking Sterling 
This actually defeated me 
When you sneeze and your surrounding neighbours all day “Bless you” 
Sorry, I’ll show myself out. 
 mood smoke!!
Looking forward to catching up with my great mate 
Just watched 
lolz you all shud see this 
No November born should come and say "Queens and Kings are born in November", because we all know you're an accident from Valentine's day sex. 
One slice for every patient
... The illusion is shattered, I love Frozen
You know you come to a coffee shop too much when they make your iced coffee before you get ur order in
35-year-old 
Stop lying 
They will never turn their backs on their master
Wrong is wrong it  doesn't matter which sides do the wrong. (Sorry I messed up the tweet 
 Hahaha BRILLIANT!!
Doncaster names gritters 'Gritsy Bitsy Teeny Weeny Yellow Anti-Slip Machiney' and 'David Plowie'
Dammit, thanks to 
Just imagine the 'singles' ads... "Seeking partner for 30 days of sex - must enjoy steak, cold showers, and meditation; plus keeping fit via push-ups!
...In bed by 9pm for 'science' - all electronics off!" 
Where have I been that I haven't already seen this hilariously awesome ad??!!! 
Foot fetish? 
Well... 
BEST BUCKET LIST EVER 
Does anybody hear this around the office?? 
Name a creature that can be blue... 
Definitely not this! 
He came to the big smoke and didn't understand the new high-tech tomato sauce sachet 
What do grandmas cook better than anyone?? Not sure about this answer... 
Seems.... Unethical. 
I wore my “Han Solo” outfit today. 
What do you think, aren't we slayin these 
Ooh can't wait, don't miss it next weekend 10th December 8pm 
So tonight is 
So true! 
This is adorable!! Made 
"He is currently unemployed" 
QUALITY: Spurs fans: "Wake Me Up Before You Go-Go, who needs Bale when you've got Sissoko?" 
Oh my! 
The people have spoken 
Wicked witches /fairies are scary !!! That’s my job in this panto .. but there’s also some tongue in cheek wickedness too lol 
Yayyy....Buzzin my Mum has got her 
 is fucking brilliant on 
What a fantastic series of 
The cheekychops crew 
You must know score by now 
Totally agree! Massive come down and a lot of sighs 
You did is proud on Sat 
Seriously, 
Having a great time 
How can I sleep when they have He-Man on 
What does this tired two-year-old want for Christmas?
"I want to take a nap," she tells Santa. 
Nooooooooooo! Help me 
 - This appeared on my fb timeline today - wait, 7 y ago ? Where did time go? And I SO wish there was that much snow today. 
This is fantastic 
 thanks for making my morning with the tunes (and coffee obv) today 
We just surprised our 
Let the Craziness begin 
This was certainly the coolest thing that happened to me this year. 
no she's not
Saturday nights in Glasgow producing yet again
I actually cannot stop laughing at this. Who’s Mo Mo? 
Miss of the millennium from Brentford’s Neal Maupay today... 
Haha! Whoever at Trafford Centre thought getting rid of forty car parking spaces at Christmas for a shitty big wheel was a good idea needs their P45! 
It’s Christmas come early for ‘Extensive Product Tester’ Fran! 
We can't 'resist' some good physics here at 
That guitar swap was smooooth as 
Dak Prescott has more rushing touchdowns than 9 NFL teams 
Thoughts after last night 
Get me another L A Y E R 
When bae says no vs when they give in and say Y E S 
Now T H A T is relationship goals... Tag bae so they can take note 
PMD: 'why did the early people from the Americas migrate over to Russia?  
A:hunting and gathering
B: skiing holiday
C: to help out with elections'  

Got to look that part! 
This made me laugh when received Google News Alert today to alert me to a relevant news story 
Still pretty chuffed I managed to wield a hammer at 
Inspirational & hilarious intro to the 
Toff's impression of Amir might just be the best thing we've ever seen 
Here's my review of Mon Guerlain in case you missed it! I'm onto my 2nd bottle and have one for backup now 
Coming this week to the blog...a chat about Botox! I recently has some for the old frown lines @therapieclinicuk cause y'know, old age 
Have you ever seen me this happy 
Naughty dad 
"I was too busy feeding my face" 
"Yeah, the goat!" - 
Who’s next? Duffty or young fieldy.. 
“No i can do it Dad” 
 happy birthday bruv!! Hope you have as much fun as you are here 
Yeah right one of those Disney villains disguised as a good guy. The way he did 
EVENT: this Wed 1st Nov, Comedy Night in Peckham. All proceeds going to FBB. It should be a barrel of 
My friend is having a fantastic holiday 
So pleased to have made the Team, no getting rid of me now 
I'm not getting up until at least 10am
It will probably be filled with camping trips and anything that's not inside and not in a dark theatre 
Dam, today has been a very busy and interesting day 
I'm not sure a Halloween photo should make me 
How will 
Don't know it's certainly quiet 
Update: I have survived seagull-geddon. Going to sit in my car and write until it gets too cold or my car refuses to play music
I’m at the beach on a 35 degree day and there are atleast 9 other cars here. Who are all these weirdos? I’M here getting in the mood for my beachy book 2..what are their excuses?
life decisions are made to be questioned 
Saluting the person who did this.
How I got my agent: from adolescent angst to... 
Anyone else end up with lines like this in your WIP when you don't want to pause to do research? Just me? 
Attempt number two to buy bread.

It was cake. Hollow cake. Like, if you just took the crust of cake and made a thing out of it.

I'll take it 
Oh the busy life of an author 
It’s getting dangerously close to the ‘works xmas party’ season. Just remember guys and gals, nothing great ever came from a free bar. Or as a good friend put it ... “You can't be in control with somebody who's seen you do The Timewarp..” 
Have been bingeing 
My couch and I. We’re kinda a thing now. Like it’s going well. We snuggle every night. It’s very supportive. I just wish I wasn’t paying for it 
Ah im shite at announcements 
Definitely a little over obsessed with B&Q these days. Tonight I erect shelves. If I don’t tweet in next 24 hours I’ve drilled myself to a wall or something 
Have peppermint tea, Lindt chocolate & a hot water bottle...time to relax! (I sound old
Walked on stage last night and a drone flew into my chest and took chunks out of it.. HOWS THAT FOR AN INTRO 
After a wonderful night of music from 
Tickets to see Bolton boy Peter Kay, Manchester, June ‘18! Celebratory cheesecake needed 
Lmao why 
The guys laugh at the end sound like a windex bottle 
Commentators said the words "Olympic Village" & "condoms" & I  said "That reminds me of a book" & my cousin judged me so hard 
These are all GOLD and I am DYING OF LAUGHTER 
I had not seen it yet, the video. Seriously, I loved it a lot. I loved to see you answering the questions, even though it is mostly "YES".
 uncle's United
When I was 17, this girl got mad at me bc I didn’t wanna eat her ass. But she didn’t get mad when I said NO. Nah she got mad when we was already done fuckin and she nutted and everything. Like bitch how you STILL MAD?
Here's this nightmare, brought to you in the flesh by Betty Crocker: 
Me while reading this. 
Dad shaved off his beard...according to Thor...dads soooo pretty 
Amused: 
Morning walk with Bella the black lab, around our local park, she’s on squirrel Alert here 
Me: How long do I bake it?
Mom: Until it's baked.
Me: How long does that take?
Mom: Depends.

Read how 
Any else noticed that 
Ever walk past a randomer with ya headphones in as they’re yawning and it looks like they’re belting a scream at you 
When someone is sassy so you feel like returning their gift 
I can’t not wear a belt okay 
Obsessed with our 
the answers to this are funny because even the folks saying yes can name like specific times 
Some folk r on smack 
Odd recordings got some decent photoshop skills 
just realised I will have to take my Christmas presents with me on tour the whole weekend because I'll go straight to my family from the airport on the 24th of december 
Now I’ve reached the point were my bed is full of clothes and I wish I’d never started this 
"Yeah I saw your newest video, it was just okay" - direct quote from dad 
Looks delicious, glad we inspired you're new dish 
I wish 
If you like me feel that Winter is Coming, this should cheer you up! Listen to the fans as you watch. 
I’m 5’10 for those wondering 
Only in Whole Foods a lady bug would land on my neck 
Why do naps just make me more tired 
You will DIE laughing at this episode hahahahaha 
Makes the best TV! 
I really love when my friends borrow my 14 mm....well in fact maybe not such good friends 
Day 2 of pre season.... 
Too many different answers 
"I just noticed that DJ to your left - has he been there all week?"
"Yeh, he's playing some sick beats"

Got to love 
I need some practice 
Just checking in 
2 Wu Tang Mixtape features check the track lists 
I don't think Gerry Mc was suppose to tell that story 
Amazing acoustic gig last night 
Classic Aussie messing with the Poms 
Best line on commentary today was Gilly's comment on Broad's "walking ability" when he nicks 
 first thing in the suitcase case mate!!
Is there no shame 
Can't believe how many caddies I have to choose from now 
“Whoever thought Dan Edgar had a personality” 
Who would of thought it?! 
TOWIE Lip Sync Battle.. 
"I'm more of a 
When the Reaction is better than the Magic
I'm more interested in hearing about the race between rc and Ron then the real sx race 
These boot camp Instagram stories are cracking me up 
Nov 1st its boot camp time!! Everybody is training harder then they ever have before. 
The track doesn't suit the Alta this year!! Total conspiracy imo 
Are these guys building old 125&250 2 strokes the new vintage bikes? 
Dudes are just 
He's back ladies and gentlemen 
Easy dub 
TRUSSSS ME
LOVE this! 
Happy birthday to the bro 
Bullied kid gets ultimate revenge 
I think my goal in life is to coach a little league team to the little league World Series and win 
I sponsored my little cousins cheerleading team 
 oops
My great grandma is 99 
 I thought this girl was being funny and put a watch on her dogs paw lmao
The homeless guy I picked up reminds me of the dude from “Dennis the menace” 
Offensive interview prank 
Exactly 
Lmfao skip to 37 seconds and look how he kicks the damn robodog 
  happy bday! Crazy to think that you are basically family now 
My bad my bad 
Literally... I'm definitely not smoking tonight, before I go on some bogus adventure 
Nah I get Raphael more time. I'm different if u actually know me 
Lump lump! 
"Sharing is caring, mom!" 
"We’re coming up on tiki drink o’clock. I’m just saying." 
Hey Baby Boy 
Had to do it 1 last time 
Chubb Being Chubb you gotta Love It!!!
That feeling when you win 
 just kidding
Dwyane Wade's postgame interview was interrupted by LeBron James yelling about the Ohio State game: 
Joel Embiid says his ability to draw fouls makes him "the James Harden of the bigs" 
 here's an idea for your next music video! 
I hope you meant “Blend” not “Bland” 
when 
Dope! Wish I could have heard that convo 
I better see Hawkeye chilling and working on that home extension when they call him in for 
VB is for lovers 
Even 
This week's employee spotlight features Kayla Vallone. Find out what Kayla's biggest pet peeve is! 
4 inch Hawaiian bombs 
I got lit up 
I’m going to miss the Hell out of college and I still got a year left 
 What time Frenchie?
‘Disarmed by truth, Like an old wives tale.’ Probably my most cryptic lyric in Always. People keep replacing ‘old wives tale’ with ‘old white stain’, makes me laugh! 
Get off the fence, which boys are better? 
As usual 
F A C T S 
Tickets booked for ANOTHER 
Looking forward to start of 
A mini FWA ACADEMY reunion last night! Some 17 years on we still haven't made it to 
Why is this so accurate 
LEVELS of disrespect 
Man why did I put 
That feeling when 
When the year 11s try take your footy
Announce editing the cross out the video ... 
 I had to do it to em
Lmao Drop everybody film
 to last Thanksgiving 
CLASSIC: One of the greatest Twitter exchanges of all-time. 
Different gravy 
Everything alright 
"When Net Neutrality ends , no more selling flat tummy teas bitch !" - Idahlia Rodriguez 
Also just added,(boy what a show)@ 
When I was younger I thought Biggie was talking bout an ex girlfriend not extasy the drug... “Some say the x makes the sex spec..taculer..” 
That was my exact thought too! 
I will try not to bring the area down 
Enough to drive 6 hours and work hard 
 I shall check it out
1,000lbs (453kg)
 
Please excuse me while I go locate various body parts and organs 
DABB FOR ME BRO 
 - sorry, I have no words. 
Realised my favourite thing is currently 
huge sale on 
 YESSS! Just got these in the mail - Thank you 
We don't know what this is...but our love for it just won't quit 
She clearly loves me as much! 
Play of the Game 
OMG LOL u wild! 
We are done! Thank you, 
Listening to that interval samba music for the last time..! Ready for the Wolf to work that tail ONE MORE TIME! 
My wife, 
I love this
My roommate was asleep and I was listening to "Love Don't Change" by 
This is amazing 
Caught him sleeping 
Best friends? 
Andrew Cabezas took part in the 15-second challenge. His category was trees.

It didn’t go so well... 
The ANWExperience is coming up quickly! I’ve had to start training again 
For sure gotta get 
Zach smashed the QB tho 
Gotta hand it to 
Meek really stuck the landing 
Might as well bring the jheri curl back
Good hair speaks VOLUMES about you. Did you see what we did there? 
Retweet if you're not moving from the couch today. 
Heading out for 
 wins and Will dances! Will wants to know if y’all are ready to dance with him 
  Who knew sharks had a sense of humor? Are you watching 
This got interesting fast. 
Oh sad day...
& i felt that 
Good morning beautiful people... Here's a story about Troy Polamalu ruining my life 
“Timmy fuckin turf” 
Ok now you are pushing it haha.  Then 
This hella cold 
Speaking of aux chords..I remember when me and 
Funny thing is, if someone gave me just the audio to this, my immediate thought would be that this was just a clip from the 
Someone tell CK we won. 
This da 
This has to be my favorite comment from the photo 
Please enjoy Rhamat running in this video 
Noooooo lmao 
Ohhhh definitely ! 
I'm never deleting twitter 
When my mom encourages my brother to get a fake to go to bars with us 
Arsene Wenger right now 
Paul George forgot he's not playing in the NBA right now 
Officially part of the family! 
Football football football and then this comes across our feed. Tweet of the day, Coach! 
Footy supporters are the best 
Tonight 8:30
Doctoring up the store bought rolls...
It’s rivalry week. 
Completely accurate 
Get ready for 
It was LIT on the 
Forget UFC 218, it's some MMA on for Pelicans vs. Trail Blazers right now 
Good morning beautiful people.. I was supposed to be a member of the 
I got a little present from Russell Athletics and Chico from the 
This commercial is golden, A young Kobe Bean Bryant 
Caz sprinting to the field before the first Washington game 
(Spikes practice papers on the ground) “ooooooo we’re 3-0........... BIG DEEEEEEAL!!” -Coach D 
Brendan Rodgers you are also the best manager I ever had
Compilation of my farts over the years 
Every time I see little Altuve I always think of Brucie from The Longest Yard 
"GUYS MY BUSCH LIGHT IS GONE" 
When you strike out your homie 
When blue ain't lookin' 
Neymar gets a taste of his own diving medicine! 
Shall we start 
On a game-winner? Disrespectful 
My 3 year old niece... selfie goals 
“Name something you fill” This is by far the blackest answer Family Fued has EVER had
I'll never understand how some of y'all let yo friends run your relationships 
What can't Julio do? 
Lane Kiffin's pastime of trolling Nick Saban isn't stopping any time soon 
THIS IS LITERALLY THE BIGGEST SHOW YET!!!
Who's gonna win this game of tug of war? My money is on the dog 
Live footage of us returning to work after our Thanksgiving meals 
Looks like this husband will be sat at the kids table this Thanksgiving 
This is my aesthetic 
Not photoshopped 
Got the band together for tonight's home visit! 
I'm crying!!!!! 
The best part of Apple Reviews with 
Recorded by DU Recorder – Screen recorder for Android

This guy
When the ref jumps into the pile & is never seen again. 
 has me WEAK on 
Y'all are too good 
 brilliant! Thank you for a wonderful prison interview 
Baby brain. It's a thing. Even for men apparently... 
Too bad I cant tweet how I REALLY feel. If I tweeted what's on my mind half the time, yall would look at me soo differently 
"So you wish you can dance". 
This image makes be think about the 
I was like "Mom stop grabbing Lil Kim!" If she had a potato sack she'd of drove off with her. 
When you're trying to do a postgame interview but LeBron is watching the Buckeyes 
Drake is hilarious
 Hilarious!!! 
 (promoted)
Yeah, I'm slightly uncomfortable 
Yep, I did a little boondoggling tonight. 
So tired I actually fell asleep mid recording something 
*** Add photo to my collection: "Politicians with outdated telecom infrastructure". 
Seriously who the fuck did I think I was? 
Probably the best reaction 
Your week presented by Rupert Grint. 

Tag a mate who is always late for work. 
 if you need any stand ins my kids have been playing at being Shed Seven for the last hour 
I am sooo hyped to spend my birthday with 
Grants ma Steve van zandt 
Tonight!!! Kreativfabrik Wiesbaden! Even got the craws on the wa! 
Ready for first gig of tour! With these lads 
Screem if ya wanna go faster 
A long time ago in 
Chris Coleman is doing a radio phone in for fans to ask questions. Some fella just called in....”no questions really, just rang for a chat.....I’ve been on the cans” 
Jaij Hollands - Wonder came on and man said this one is the african candy
What did the cheese say to itself in the mirror? ... Halou-mi 
can’t believe my dad’s set up a projector in the house. ik we’re all sick of waiting for the pictures to open but jeezo 
Still getting questions about dress code 
Any good artists in my twittersphere fancy drawing a tattoo design but obviously better than I can draw it 
Shine Jesus Shine was a banger in school what? 
Yo, I went hella hard Saturday 
& thank you to the dude who made this possible, 
Piano lesson in Brussels Airport 
Been there, done that. 
 our faces!! U were so hardcore Nicola.. 
My Uber driver just switched to a different channel when my song came on the radio 
If your an International student who loves food, come be part of our foodie focus group on Wed 29 Nov 3:15pm-4:45pm. Get free food and £10 for taking part. Email Jiayi on J.Liu6@leeds.ac.uk, first come first served 
Note to self: Never leave a marker pen in your dressing room when Harry is around. 
Bassey’s been laying down some beats in the kitchen with me today, drawing inspiration from the garden 
"Sammy Lee, Craig Shakespeare and Sam Allardyce look like the three stages of a Pokemon evolution"

- Class from 
Spurs are 7th in the league... and they're officially closer to the bottom of the table than the top 
 Happy Friday and happy PODCAST DAY!!! This weeks episode offers some well-needed comic… 
i’m more excited for the apparel and mugs i just ordered from 
And yes Steve, as you say I would have said a big “no” to the first part 
Talk about Scotland, landscape and people to 4/5 yr olds descended to discussion of isostasy...a kid asked how Loch Ness monster got there 
Some of my faves from today’s 
There is stupid, there is very stupid, there is incredibly stupid and then there is Amanda Holden 
QUALITY: Lee Sharpe's story of Sir Alex Ferguson after Eric Cantona's red card vs Crystal Palace. 
The next time someone asks for nudes, send them this 
Just spotted my first 
Feeling very philosophical tonight and wrote a deep blog post about what I’ve learned in the last 27 years 
Turning 27 on Monday and still getting asking for my ID. This is a good sign 
Christmas #1 this year? Brilliant new Christmas song (soon to be Christmas staple) by Keith ‘n’ Julie 
Peter Kay tickets for June 2019! 
Me thinks my snake is playing with me...she stuck her tongue out at me when I took her picture
Miranda and her mom...."what I call" fantastic 
 FAN-FRICKIN-TASTIC!!! 
Me everyday since being back in the UK 
This show 
 No! it's 1234 left right! 
Oh that's a long time SLO! I bow to you in submission. 
What time? 
She did that 
Funny moment 
Fiesta 
FREAK'N LOVR MY BRO!!!
Came nose to nose with this little guy today. What would you have done? 
You know you've done something cool when an album you're on sells out before you even have time to purchase a copy for yourself 
Hahaha the daily struggles of having southern friends 
So much fun at 
Or am I just hungry? 
Wouldn't that be wonderful 
Next level heat from that Alley Oop Jammin Salmon!! 
JADEN SCRIBBLED ME OUT! 
I’m so childish I just drifted to my Uber pickup 
DMX did a holiday Spotify single as well.... I have no words for this 
Part-Time Working mummy saw this and thought of you 
Actual gold 
Amir is ruthless 
Hurrah!! The 
Oh Jesus I can't breathe 
 fuckin hilarious 
these dang savage questions get me every time 
My mom must miss me.... she's already called, sent a newspaper article, shared photos of a new wreath, and 5 texts + 3 photos of an ice cream truck for American Girl dolls. 
I wasn't there and I have pretended to watch the video 
Are we the only library in the Country to have been visited by a Shopping Trolley Dance Display Team today ? 
When you're the office hero... 
“I had sex with half a black guy”-Anonymous 
Y’all I’m dying over this Greys episode
 who else had chocolate for breakfast? 
3 hours to go - and WE HAVE DONE IT!!!!!! We’ve broken the £800 barrier 
 from our friends 
Today I mainly rocked the fisherman look... everyone else looked like an engineer not me! 
It was a dive....this has crept in to our game and  we need to eradicate it.... 
 Pete I've just full on belly-laughed at that dive! Yellow card!
Telling Arsene Wenger I’m a Spurs fan. Attempted this part in French, just for fun. Conversation as follows:
Me: By the way, I support Spurs
AW: Really? You have an illness...
Me: I can assure you Arsene, I’m in great health...
AW: Yes but you are ill on the inside!

NEW vid- a little update on our ever changing circumstance 
NEW little vlog up on the choob with a serious bump shot 
Colostrum prep is well under way while my boys play PJ Masks 
Should 
Memorable classes & an unforgettable student! Great interview technique, learnt from the best 
What are you wearing to 
Love Gino! 
Casillas is having a nightmare 
When you go back to work and the phone lines been down for 2 weeks, the franking machine doesn’t work & Internet is glitchy 
Throwback to the best half-time show ever 
Good idea 
Why was he even booked the 2nd time 
true tho
Footage of a man hiding from 
Bruhhh one of my friends responded back to my text "ROFL" now when's the last time you seen a text like  that
Been knocking on some wood praying it won't rain tomorrow! I need my fans to knock on some wood as well
Let's go magic!!! ba, ba, bada BA!!!!
The Calendar is on sale today in The Rodber Bar and via 
"He wants to be King Tool!" 
The best Strictly ever because of 
Lmmfao boy I’m literally dying right now 
He got curved into 2018 
So Bertie said Jeremy Corbyn is 'bonkers'? We are just about emerging from the disastrous, unregulated 10-year hole you dug us - but Corbyn is 'bonkers'.  Thank you for your contribution - but we can do without you 'standing on the sidelines, cribbing and moaning' 
Journaling about all the ways men have disappointed me in 2017, basically. 
I had sex for so long today that I got somewhat scarily dehydrated and almost fainted on the subway 
I may just do that
So who is the BIG BOSS in this photo? 
 kill niggas used to be wild in largo bro
People think I don’t have “off days” or dumb  circumstances don’t arise like “we have an hour at this location” lmao. They just think “I could tell something was different, you didn’t edit it” not knowing I already edited out the things I didn’t like 
I put a confessional in my house so I can talk shit abt everyone throughout the week and watch it on sundays 
So much fun in this week's episode. 
Been super focused this summer. 
Crazy hair, awesome jammies, and mommy’s running shoes. Today is going to be a day full of shenanigans! Happy Sunday, team! 
When a bookworm designs the entrance to a bookstore... 


I wanna incorporate more music into my Instagram posts! Quality will get better I promise 
Just been to see 
Lol I posted this on Facebook and asked for a caption, this was my favorite 
Overheard right now.. 

“What’s the Ryan Gosling movie where he just drives?”

.....

“Drive?”


Favourite k-show : Guide To Your Room, and my fav cast are 
What else could you possibly do at 7am? Halloween prep 
Why do i have to have math for my last final test why couldn't it be PE
Y’all.. look at this chic-fil-a rap video 
Here for it 
Great time this morning with 
That was the best. I love Chicago. Go Cubs! We did it! 
When you get your half-time analysis a little muddled during 
Double purchase 
This Saturday myself and top man 
Wait for the sheer joy 
Congrats on the debut 
SPOTTED: Man vs Poncho at 
Im late to this but I’m glad 
That was easily best episode of the series so far
Ref had good D on Lil Hari 
lol hilarious! Maybe I do... Phillips 66 are 
French fries. You know.... Literally. 
This is me as a Peanuts character. Lil Vee is her name. Hair choice inspired by the first season of 
It's December, so as far as I'm concerned it's Christmas 
 with my camera crew. My man Nigel makes me look presentable in the morning. Life size filters courtesy exceptional lighting 
They laughed when i committed 
Too many people makin life decisions with twitter and insta in mind. Lmao that’s so boof to me
Leek slidin!
"When offered a treat, she went right past the outstretched hand to the pocket containing the bag of treats! 
Khloé Kardashian has been known to get distracted by her own abs 
Finally, someone breaks down Christmas in a way I can understand 
This baby gets me 
I just want kids so I can catch them doing stuff 
When door-to-door sales people come to your door... 
This playground might need a new speed limit! 
Cute kid clearly hasn't used a slide before! 
Absolute class nigh at the 
Eagles are lit this season 
So thankful for this group of young men! They keep me young and old at the same time! 
Gordon banks wearing a 
Warning! History of barber pole might disturb some of the viewers! 
Absolutely mad those Britain First tweets 
Teaching scouse to kids in Taiwan. This is a belter 
Why you don’t follow me back on ig den ?
That puppy going ham on that titty 
 cheers Gary 
, I’ll take that. What a title 
Excited to be running against you..although you’ll have a head start on me 
Thank you but many would disagree ben, I’ve been called untalented and a fat shit in the space of 32 minutes 
The madam line killed me pal 
I LOVE 
Don't worry 
Felt a little strange running an entire 10K in 2nd place (from gun to tape..bar about 100m! 
coming home to watch 
Eye bag struggle is real. Thanks for the honesty 
They made it! 
I’m exhausted. He’s flawless. 
this definitely got me, so funny 
I expect this sort of praise at the end of every training session 
This is amazing 
Number 3 - I nailed that english assignment! 
Chris vs Mikaela's little brother 
Ohh, you are playing with 
In bed with a glass of red watching Love Actually- this is literally gonna end in tears 
Day 2 of FULL OUT rehearsal over for 
The best 24 hours of the year!! Donate, stream or go watch some live improv now in Chicago 
 this made me laugh.
Have you made your Thanksgiving plans? 
We have a very special guest tonight: 
That’s definitely not how you hold a puppy 
Omfg
Daniel Sturridge finding out that his pace on FIFA is 76 is too funny 
IM DYING 
I feel bad for tht little boy 
This part of the video is even better 
The UNDERGROTHE ep 3. We talk NRL, Top 5 movies, and how boys age better than girls. 
I'm still laughing about fingerlings 
Just wrote a tweet about 
I love watching highlights on 
45.... come on mate but of respect 
 you dont know how im feeling today 
Surely not?! 
toastin up 
I think 
Just found this when packing for moving back up north, a good luck present from 
Tag a friend who would do this to you! 
Didn't they move because they didn't like viewers invading their privacy? Now they're filming someone else's house 
Clock would have run out? 
 Frankish at the Hov concert is...amazing! 
I’ve never seen so many sideways and backwards passes in one game of football, Herrera and Fellaini are awful to watch 
Christmas came early! Thank you 
George Bailey 
Clever 
Not my most glamorous look, but it got the job done! 
keep away not mine 
What were you saying about self promotion 
Never 
Strong facials those 
Big thank you to Ross and his team at Withdean Sports Complex 
All ready for her first finals day 
 first thing in the suitcase case mate!!
Hang on who's just gave Birth here 
Surly this has to be the FA cup advert 
Quality .. " And they say the FA cup is dead " 
Just seen this on fb and wondering if 
Now here's a use for 
We think it’s the greatest accent of them all. Santa however... 
 as a white male I have no real, pertinent say in this of course. But I still think your channel 4 interview was absolute class and am very glad it happened.  Not just for the riling the trolls the way you have 
You are hilarious! Dusky 
you can’t sit with us. 
Consider us told! 
Filmed this for CBBC ... now a shameless plug to you lot too 
How's the Serenity? 
Looool 100% 
What is going on in the boxing on dave
Maybe amend that to "tonight" No Soul or Techno just banging left field dance tracks that will have you Shazamming all night 
I cant fault your persistance 
Next time 
Oooh I'll look it up! This is the finished piece, Street Spirit by Radiohead. You'll need to crack the code to play it! 
"Joggers in the news" 
Came to Portugal to train in warmer rain... 
When you're asked to carve the turkey…. 
When you meant to take a video but just look like a stalker instead 
“I'm just going to stay here until Summer lol 
Can't breathe 
Stop what you're doing, the best football clip you'll see today is here... 
A group of lads have gone on a stag to Barcelona and they've hired The Wealdstone Raider to go with them 
College getting evacuated mid 
That time Mick McCarthy shit himself over absolutely nothing 
Looking forward to 
Hands up if you can relate! 
"Chicago is getting a spa straight out of 
 Glad you enjoyed it Karen x
 It was 100% Tour Manager Dave’s worst morning. I thought we’d ruined a nice man!
Hahahha 
Now I know how my mates felt watching me do the Skeleton on 
V just giving jokes and dewy looks 
I’d love to! 
Registrations are "Flying"
Mandate with 
It was a prosecco on the train kind of night! (With paper cups that failed at their function in life 
Things that happen onstage 
 Lord, help him 
'My liver is strong because I've done six summers in Ibiza..' - I think the word you're looking for is WEAK mate... 
Still laughing from 
Never work with animals, children AND 
If your bored at 10pm tonight tune in to 
Tune in and hopefully you don't fall asleep while I'm talking
When your 3 year old children decorate your tree 
Happy Halloween from 
How’s it going in Sheffield a year on 
A long time ago in 
I took on Alain’s 
Right speedsters, who thinks they could beat this guy?!
Top skipping skills!
Give this man a rope...!
Man's not Hot 
Nollywood version by Kenny Blaq 

"Me not speaking? Come on, man!" 
I’m literally more excited to see 
A quiet week on the race front, maybe everyone is too busy training for the Boxing Day Race 
I swear checking in to any hotel is the slowest process ever 
Any ideas where we are now? 
I’m dying 
His face 
Turns out mountain bikes have actually come on a long, long way in the last 25 years! 
Oi guys this might possibly have been my favourite moment of 2017 
Weds morning crew... up to this week challenge at 
This game is maddd 
You was definitely promising her the world before y'all beat 
I’m guessing this is a 
Lol what hotel is that Ry?! 
So after DSTRKT discriminating against black people it ends up being Albanians fighting that gets the club permanently closed. 

What a great way to start the day. 

Good morning 
Boards sorted. Hpno guns sorted. 


Even on provisional with my driving instructor in the car I'm playing the INSTAKICKSZ Winter Mix 
Me being perplexed by 
One of the best things I’ve seen in a while 
Life really can be a drag! 
F A C T S 
he put a firework in his brothers breakfast 
That moment when you don't want to jump off an airplane...  
If your name aint willtharapper dont ever think im on you 
Here’s a story about my first talk, only one person showing up. 


 Me Like Shit!!
Felt like taking this out of my pocket as a joke that only I would find funny 
This is nice! 
My bad! I don’t like losing!!! 
Hey Corner Brook! Please come to the 
We just passed the sign ‘Birchy Narrows’, the sign where I realized I went the WRONG WAY!

Seeing this brought back so much emotion, I’m still in disbelief that I managed to go the wrong way.

I’ve added the old footage in for you, I know you’ll enjoy a good laugh at my expense
Well on my way to the golden boot 
 to telling 
The weather is looking good today ladies 
Ladies from 
VERY, very true! 
All the Georgia fans in my messages now that 
Update: im happy yall had faith but i didnt even make it 2 security 
Shoutout to that nigga tony macaroni 
 this would have so come out of my mouth, and a few years ago my husband would look at me like I’m nuts. Now he wouldn’t think twice. 
 last year all of our decorations ended up at the top of the tree due to this little man, hoping for things to be left alone this year now he’s a bit older! 
That’s not a seating plan, THIS is a seating plan 
"I was the super fan in the background taking pictures like a weirdo. Just have to call myself out for it." 
Heard from very good source who was there that Rupert Murdoch stormed out of The Times Election Party after seeing the Exit Poll 
I've got 99 hair grips but I can't find one! 
This has to be my favorite comment from the photo 
Please enjoy Rhamat running in this video 
What can't Julio do? 
You haven't been in the weeds until you cook 80 Turbot on your own at the same time 
WINNER: Tweet of the day. 
And now drunk people are congratulating me for being a bold believer and for adding the word “Pray” to my Pray & Slay t-shirts 
You can take the boy out of 
Even managed to get Mark from @bedfordreuse crafting this morning 
This one is for 
I feel your pain Batshuayi 
What's going on here? 
Brilliant night raising money for 
Haha!! 
When the signs should really be switched 
Just had ella convinced santa was calling her.. 
When your Mrs trusts you to get the Christmas wreath... Wait for what he chooses 
Just found my original 
Missed my vocation I reckon.... 
I am fairly certain I have them all... albeit in storage because I still don't live anywhere 
Bumped into Mr 
Oh this is killing me! 
We have a winner! 
A visual summation of Arsenal trying to get past David De Gea yesterday 
The only thing Ashley Young needs to do now is score another goal and give that pigeon a taste of it's own medicine, then he can retire 
Home Alone's Uncle Frank was behind EVERYTHING. Crazy fan theory! 
Morning radio confessions, "I use other people's Ubers." Wtf 
Just seen the dress rehearsal: brilliant cast; 
 Sans Frontieres is back! June 3rd feat 
Massive thanks2 
 amazing
I've had a sneak preview of this and it's genuinely one of the FUNNIEST things I've ever seen. 
Got this DM feel very honoured 
How many Alex's can you fit on 
King vs. Kong. 
 Wow Airbourne! Now that is how to put on a Rock Show...best gig I have been to for ages!! My ears are still ringing!! 
Oh Keira. Isn't this what u 'signed up for'?
This is adorable!! Made 
The best thing to come home to after a long, hard day at work (even if I did burst into tears with happiness when I saw it
Guys 
Still crying
 true words
To be fair 
Entertaining Little Hodgey while Big Hodgey takes care of business 
lol when you sister video chatted 
Following 
This could be one of the best things I have seen, I need to test mine now
Stories I love this time of the year, strong or weak draft’s, who won the fixture, and who has had the best off seasons list wise 
Then driving back for a nice curry and a well deserved wine after 5 hours of driving to end up AT HOME 
Cannot believe that drunk me  packed a suitcase full of all my things last night, threatening to drop out of uni because I’ve had enough already and just want to be back in Cardiff 
 I thought this was a parody account. Wow
Hadleigh Parkes can’t believe his luck 
So proud of my Referee mates who supported 
If you aren't watching 
I look like that greasy meat thing you get rotating in the kebab shops 
Does anyone remember Runescape 
Saturday LEG DAY. Get it done! (I have no legs here is my abs) 
What were you thinking!!! 
 he living!! 
 @ London, United Kingdom 
So ment to be saving .... so i preordered this 
Anyone ever watched a anime and just not a have a fucking clue about whats going on 
The moment of the night provided by 
Lmaaaoooo "you alright there buddy?"
When Mario Kart is life 
No he didn’t!!!!! 
why he go at Lamelo like that
I feel bad for that little boy 
Big Shaq, 
How nice of this young man to teach the police something new... pfffff 
Finn went OVER the rope last night in 
Turns out 
Based on these short descriptions, I'm looking forward to watching Burden, I Think We're Alone Now, The Kindergarten Teacher, and The Miseducation of Cameron Post. And that's just in the U.S. Dramatic category 
It's still early, but it's looking like this year will be the first year in a while that I will not have bought anything on 
Haha 
That happy dance you do when you smash out a tough set  
 is one of the best things to happen to the league for a long time!! Great character 
Russ loves a good Eurostep 
 would you fight mike Tyson? “No?! Have you seen the size of him?!” 
Curled up and waiting for 
I love love love 
This had us crying with laughter 
Need to train more full stop!!! 
When you're trying to do a postgame interview but LeBron is watching the Buckeyes 
finding it funny that I've got flights booked to visit Ali in Spain in 2 weeks and he's just signed a new contract in The Netherlands 
Don't hog the mic, 
The Warriors had a message for Luke. 
You gyal have hella confidence telling everyone you wear wigs now 
 happens to me ALL the time! 
I’m just a tad bit obsessed with 
Can’t wait to see the dynamic duo 
Superb turnout 
Bless him. 
 I’m not sure the two on the right are that cool... thanks so much for having us! 
I don’t use this emoji much but 
When catch journalists talking about cars 
Chris Coleman is doing a radio phone in for fans to ask questions. Some fella just called in....”no questions really, just rang for a chat.....I’ve been on the cans” 
Robin Hood: Prince of Thieves is ultimately redeemed by the brief scene in which Kevin Costner and Morgan Freeman are launched over a castle wall by a catapult operated by Christian Slater 
this is next level !
Back in Coffs Harbour! Looks like the service has started already! 
Woahhhhh 2-0 united
It's an epic battle of paper, scissors and strategies in the Panthers Xmas Wrapping Challenge! 
The kids know best 
 officially the funniest man in Sports TV 
, but also 
Caption this..
A secret superstar, 4 Youtubers & President Obama (*and a random guy behind us). There is absolutely nothing that can go wrong now! 
On the Panel for the Wright stuff tomorrow C5 9.15 will say stuff and some of it will be funny 
Caro with the Best post of the week 
When two comedy creators collab, it has got to be a hilarious affair 
 When you're a comedy creator and this is you during a live performance 
When you’re dating someone who you thought was faithful but then you catch them... watching an episode of your favourite show without you!! THE BETRAYAL!! 
 fan rings just for a bit of a chat with chris Coleman 
Look at that face.. 
Today was the 1st day of my holiday that felt like a real holiday. Saw lots of fish species, coral & a turtle while snorkelling, as well as the not so rare Aussie tourist 
Cannot wait - it’s going to be *such* a fun 
This is going to be the Christmas gift that keeps on giving... 
So how did the light switching on go 
 never fails to have me laughing in a morning 
Steve Delmonte's latest 
Leg off
When the squad's on point but 
When you take "sleep on it" too seriously 
This is priceless 
True love I tell u 
 saw this from 
RT If You Feel Rahul Gandhi & Shashi Tharoor Have Switched Their Twitter Accounts. 
28 Feb, 2016 - PM Modi announces commitment to double farmers’ incomes by 2022 in rally in Bareilly. 26 Nov 2017, Radhamohanji Agri Minister says National Action Plan is being prepared...this is a action oriented govt for sure! 
You get a Force Band. YOU get a Force Band! YOU GET A FORCE BAND! With any already discounted Droid like R2-D2 – NOW $129. 
Every girl when SZA comes on 
Here's 
One decade of convincing later
Never tell autowala where u wnt 2 go. Just sit in, make urself comfortable & den reveal ur destination. Don't give him a chance 2 reject u
Happens to most of us 
 proof that everyone needs a Tenfour charger 
Asking for nudes has reached another level
Book 15: I'm Judging You, The Do-Better Manual by 
If I remember correctly I did that a while back so you copied me!
This picture was only taken 5 years ago, not! 
That's only because no one ever saw 
Please on the first day of school. Make sure your kids hair look nice. Some of you parents let your kids go to school looking like this.
 I CAN NOT
You gotta love 
sabrina claudio has accomplished a level of sensuality at 21 that my old ass  can’t even in see in my future. 
Oh no! LOL. I forgot about that part. 
Black Twitter Is About To Show Out 
My reaction when someone told me Mc Lyte got married to a man 
Got to see some wonderful friends (who I didn't get pictures with 
THIS IS THE BEST THING IVE EVER SEEN 
 Sometimes Barrister need toe sleep abeg
Gents we are shit humans actually 
If she were, would I announce it on Twitter?
old people deserve love bathong
The Mansion was a lot wasn’t it?!?! 
MARSHMALLOOOOOOOW!! 
I can’t stop listening to CyHi tho 
I'm so out the loop when it comes to twitter. I feel like I miss all the fun during the day 
We stay laughing 
It’s a good thing Mr Eazi knows music 
“I watched you lift your legs before you started lifting holy hands...” 

I love a live crowd 
Lesson #1 - relaxers are the devil! FULL VIDEO IN BIO 
He killed it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
One bumps into the most random people at the cricket 
  you all over my tl, what did you do boi?
 S/O bruv!
Chris brown, Drake,lil Wayne,Migos,Rihanna,Kanye all of them couldn't even do a young 30000 
perryn_henderson and jessica_henderson2016 are really hitting it off these days!! 
Boyfriend jeans 
 I don't want to laugh guys 
"They're gonna lower my speed on 
This reminds me of 
 Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!
Chill.. 
Grown men get on social media just to hate on another person... 
crazy how coaches can leave whenever they please, but when a player wants to transfer they want to take a year of eligibility away
Lmaooooo bruh 
Also.... just 
Yoooo, why’d you have to do 
"THAT'S A 50" 
Congrats to my Twitter follower 
Why 
The funniest video on the internet right now 
Just wait for Steve Smith​ to absolutely lose it at the end of this video! 
You don’t win trophies ever !!!!0nly 40 year ago 
It’s that long since you been to Wembley they’ve put the M1 in lol 
Now this is some funny shit lmao 
Must have had their wheetabix 
Something along the lines of   “Oh gloves is it ? Little hands cold are dey or dya tink it makes yee look cool ? Tool!” 
It’s fantastic to watch. Boring United, eh? 
 he’s good looking, charismatic but dumb AF ... sounds about right 
I thought we weren't going to bring it up again 
Our Inspire 2 nearly keeps up 
The ultimate horseman - 
Another stupid Newpaper article however I think the person that wrote it has needed her roots doing more than me before 
Remember these three from popular US TV show Jackass?

You'll NEVER believe what they look like now... 
We're helping out the incredible 
Something for the battlers... me not Warwick 
Duel Gr1 winning jockey Oisin Murphy before his 1st ride in UK. Using his passport to get across toll bridge into wales 
OH MY GOD, IT’S ACTUALLY HAPPENED!! 
Ever wondered how you’d look as a giant Brussels sprout? Us too. Use our 
How many ears does Captain Kirk have? Three! His left ear, his right ear and his final frontier...
Garlands. 70 metres. Just call me Judy....Judy Garland! 
Noooooooooooo all I can think about is 
Look at 
Amused: 
After the 1s bowled out Studley for 44, 
Classic Stelling 
ROFL.
Bully popping in for some breakfast.  He thinks he owns the place. Lol 
Rooney 
Japan is the greatest betting nation on Earth because there are no bookies. Corporates rip off mugs: $26BoomTime 
CLAY YOUNG FOR PRESIDENT 
Walk of the year goes to 
Nah u drive to class so I can get your spot & not get a ticket lol 
*pints 
Guys... He's not going anywhere besides through other teams' defenses 
"SHOW ME YOUR EURO"

Manu Ginobili would love this 
Charts that only Friends fans will understand 
 more animal gifs please 
Happy Birthday to My Yung Goon 
Now the Night King has a Dragon. 
Before Snapchat and Instagram was around, this is where you showed off your shoes/outfit. Never forget where you came from 
Make me Like Mike 
 Chillllllllllll
This is what goes on before practice 
Oak park should win a few games with these guys: LOL 
Trying to figure out what to do with this window seat. When all else fails, pillows. Pillows are always the answer 
When y'all not together no more but y'all both in the same party and she try to make u jealous by dancing 
I’m enjoying a peaceful ride once again and they are listening intently to another audiobook on 
It feels like we were held in check during the opening frame, but we still scored 35 points 
This is the greatest thing I've ever seen 
How 'bout them birds last night? 
Then worst season for me
Milly is dead serious right now, trying to convince me to name my future daughter Milica, and she will name hers Niehely. She’s being dead serious
 fucking crying
Boise wins the championship against Fresno AGAIN....
Just did. 
Chubb Being Chubb you gotta Love It!!!
That feeling when you win 
The boys pulling up to an away game like 
What's the IFL? I get the same contracts for playing summer baseball 
 actually thinks he can turn the corner on the 
It’s rivalry week. 
My dawg Louie 
Well if Doc gets thrown out tonight, you know why. 
I wish i could play in the 
The guy they tell you not to worry about 
 wow talk about sore loser
 ready set shittt hes fast
Man from Friona, Tx. says 
WOW I really can’t believe they put that outtake in! 
Damn 
That's a pretty hot triangle though. If we're gonna have a love triangle! 
When u get wings like that? 
Cameraman laying a hit stick on a cheerleader 
My favorite vid on the internet right now about Kevin Hart issue.. 
Basically LeBron against the Raptors last night... 
Chris Pronger playing it tight on Justin Beiber in the 
Donald Trump finessing these Republicans 
I told one of the sergeants at work earlier to put me out sick tmw & he was looking at my call off history & said “you sure don’t like being here on sunday’s do you” 
This man is ready for game 5
Nigga was ridN the Big10 dick all year and the SEC team who ain’t een play in the championship got in over the Big10 champions 
When u ate to much and u in the casket 
Good fight (compete,playing hard) 
Pretty much sums up the end of tonight 
Pretty much sums up 
Awwww, its like our anniversary 
Bummed I couldn't be there in person but sounds like there wouldn't have been much to photo 
The future is now with 
We didn’t realize it was called the Hoyt Tailgate Experience 
Never!  And stop begging 
Rt when you see it 
IM DONE 
This voiceover has me crying 
“Dawg this guy’s 18 
Wtf did I just witness in the barbershop 
So all the kids stop my house first 
LeBron was too hyped about the Ohio State game 
 Real one 
My boy 
This man dancing to Michael Jackson's ‘Remember The Time’ at a recent Janet Jackson concert absolutely KILLED IT. 
THIS FINALLY HAPPENED 
step brothers
Got it all mapped out huh 
"Al be damned" 
When your linemate refuses to backcheck 
Watching happy hockey goalies will always brighten your day 
Wahahahahaaa... Oh Sia. In charge of the 
The guys at 
So I ate before leaving the house and after 20 mins I became hungry 
This has us rolling
Pathetic quitters... 
"How many optometrists does it take to screw in a light bulb?"

"One...or two ...or one... or two"


“One of your main homeboys just turned snitch, all y’all in trouble” - 
 "Flynn was closer to Trump than Melania".   The best line of the night 
Louis C K's theory about airplanes is 
Not much makes me happier than being in Nashville... except being in Nashville and waking up to my Country Music Producer bumping gangsta rap.
Haha I’ll let u take me for coffee soon as I’m home 
At YYZ airport. 
Guy next to me: can I get a Bloody Mary? 
Server: not till 11. 
Guy: what kinda f*^#$d up country is this?!
No music just dancing to the beat of my own drum 
This is the best video I have ever seen 
Lmfaoooooo 
When you’re out delivering turkeys to families, but you need to join the kids in a nerf gun game 
...walking home in the dark, thinking I’m all by myself, singing 
 you a legend bruh! I appreciate you 
I miss when people were actually funny on vine and IG 
We've come a long way since 2013, wouldn't you say?
& thank you to the dude who made this possible, 
"My Pull-Up game is strong, Pull-Out Game is weak" - 
They back at it already
Coaches vs. Players! They never stood a chance 
What a save! 
Mate, what a legend 
During Chievo vs Hellas Verona today the two captains exchanged wine & panettone 

This is literally the most Italian thing ever 
Bruh lowkey died when I saw the art piece 
When you at the 
Still 
 How to get 4th graders excited! Shoutout the 
...
 

“Women never stalk men; they just research them intensely.”  


That one friend you can't play Madden with in public. 
shoutout to bro for last night. thanks for driving me to the hospital without getting a speeding ticket 
 Miss my lil bro 
Wait for it. Wait for it. 
I Walkin in everybody house today... don’t try to stop me for a hug a kiss nun of tht
You’re different 
Shoutout to the Danville student section for showing love today and supporting 
I ain’t know how to spell it 
I'm laughing so hard I'm crying. 
correct. 
Football transfer rumours: Everton to lure Diego Simeone from Atlético Madrid?


Wait what 
"He is currently unemployed" 
Coach: Next person to get picked off is running poles

Me: 
Don't forget where you came from, Scotland dorms homie! 
Damn same sex marriage distracting from the real issues in Oz! 
I hear Verlander.  
Finally, someone got it right! 
Well this is an extremely rare occurrence isn’t it 
Notice that 
Can't wait to experience thanksgiving with my American family for the week
Five comedians in a lift! 
Can you watch Giggling Grant without laughing?! 
Watching my 8 year old flap to the point of almost taking off while watching 
we love this 
Might be a novice but I am not a quitter 
This Chelsea fan's reaction to the Salah goal is pure gold
Sunday League in a nutshell 
The disrespect 
just incase you’re having a bad day, watch this
Trophies won since Arsène Wenger became Arsenal manager:

Arsenal 10
Tottenham 2

How long since they last won a trophy?

Arsenal: 0 years, 5 months, 20 days
Tottenham: 9 years, 8 months, 24 days

"Tottenham have stepped out of Arsenal's shadow" 
AMAZING: Scottish Football is the gift that keeps on giving. 
Texting this burd and she just telt me she watches her Netflix on her wii
THIS IS MY FAVORITE HALLOWEEN COSTUME SO FAR 
President/government is a dumb job invented when people used to write with feathers 
Man don't want that MUAY THAI KICK TO THE FACE!!! 
Great to get into the 3rd round but massive credit to everyone connected with 
ZAPPIN-HOOD! 
Does anyone know a throw-ins coach? 
Be prepared to laugh, to cry, and to be enlightened 
Works Christmas party and look who is sat next to me 
Signed Everton Ball for tomorrows Auction, I would have thought 
Ruptured ACL but who cares after a 95th minute winner 
Yep, that's right Brexiters. A nation of people tweeting about angel pillows, a child milking a toy cow & a man dressed as a lobster - with none of their kids in bed come midnight, holds the key to your EU negotiations.  
Two peas in a pod!  Well done boys mind means you will both have to put up with me!  
Not generally happy when 
Busy winter 
Low intelligence human alert! Blocks me, then tweets that. Brave keyboard warrior. Cant comment about his father, but Im sure she's  proud 
Lee Sharpe on Eric Cantona and his red against Crystal Palace 
Bex’s face when she finds out that I voted for her 5 times on the app to do the eating trial 
Fucking hell 
Huuuuge well done to our academic students of the month Jack Lucas and Harry Creasey! Excellent work chaps! A pleasure to teach 
They must’ve all taken a few too many blows to the head if they think they felt any chance at all 
Black out curtains working well 
Happy New Year to you too!! 
Caught this 
Seeing it today for the 1st time since I wrote it 2 months ago, I realise my article for December’s 
You know your house is cold when you’ve been in half an hour and still have your coat and hat on!! 
It’s a chilly day! Good job Cosmo brought a hat!! Brrrrr or should that be Grrr!!! 
Hilarious night spent with 
 this is everything
My work boots are so covered in coffee and milk they’re not even really black anymore. 
Caption this! 
Our first tears of laughter of 
Kids say the funniest things:  "Daddy, shall we google who Santa Clauses Daddy is." 
Get your ears on and share a selfie! 
You need to watch 
After our beating 2PointO looking a little sorry for himself 
The story? I once got attacked by a swan nicknamed the “ASBO swan” when coxing a ladie’s rowing boat on the River Cam 
Had the most hilariously OTT Aladdin-themed afternoon tea today 
Get your Jason Smurf action figure in stores soon 
 Standing outside the 
The fam about to go crazy
Lmao 
A's GM David Forst dives into our mentions to read some mean tweets. 
A public service announcement we can all agree with 
Broke 
It was LIT on the 
I'm yoked enough. 
Forget UFC 218, it's some MMA on for Pelicans vs. Trail Blazers right now 
When Joy Behar and the rest of the liberals thought they had Trump 
The world fr hate us 
Saw this a lot during his MP days...still doesn’t know how to carry the ball 
I thought I was the only one that asks this 
...we gonna have to check your sources Rich
 gotta try dis on nard
I want a rematch 
Love a cute girl who aint stuck uppp 
I love these 
Refused to not wear her red 
Tough to argue with this amazing logic...  
That’s a big bonus...non stop laughing from all the stories they have 
But first... let us take a selfie
Happy TDay you Turkeys. Get the hell outta dodge or buckle up to ride through fire! 
Sorry 
The second most excited my wife has ever been to meeting someone, only behind me of course... in Joliet, when it was 500 degrees.... 
Stay 
Game 7, here WE come. I bet 
Who’s READY to 
Sometimes, you have to remind yourself you’re NOT insulting someone if you’re DESCRIBING them.  LOL! 
Currently eating you cereal off a plate cause not only did we take the bucket but we took the Bowl too 
Oh the stories you get to tell now makes it totally worth it! Entertainment for some of us at your expense 
I know 
Dad says welcome to his life.
I really raised him better.  I’m so sorry, I promise. At least you’ll have Kylie on your trip to California for Christmas. 
Every time I go into a store I look for crosses and angel wings. Then when I find them I have to decide if we both get them or just one of us 
 ghwait. We are sorry for that
Very true skrrrttt 
Lol people come on here literally to argue 
The fact that it is December 1st, and I still feel like I’m back in August. BB you messed me up 
Kill them with kindness. I’m trying real hard not to be reactive. But my boxing classes are not working 
I accused this AMERICAN of having a nasty smelling country. Twist and shout. Poor America Black Muslim millionaire accuses Jew of privilege and says she's the racist!!  
Talib puts fingers in ears and shouts lalala. How the truth bothers him!! 
Even Beetle Juice is feeling the love & inspiration in our new tees! 
I don’t think I’m popular enough to get a million emails man 
Sometimes I can't stop laughing at myself. I've been such a pinhead. So many times.
Wanna check out my... mugs? hahaha 
 Clearly, Hope needs ALL the attention. 
Buddy was trying hard not to look at 
Writing on my phone 
See the BBC is predicting the final standings in Group E already! 
I honestly can't believe it...before the draw I said I was gonna lend my support to Belgium, Tunisia and Panama! And then they all get drawn with En-ger-lund?! 
My 11 year old sister is acting like she’s a promoter for 
Nahhhhh 
 has a great energy live. When he said Pamela was in the room, I genuinely peeked around to see if Pamela Anderson was in sight 
I don’t remember the last time I laughed this hard 
Pretty sure questions like this is why Kyrie wanted to leave the Cavs..  
I would have bus a whine when the beat dropped if it was appropriate 
Amsterdam Dance Event let's be havin ya! On my way to join the rest of the uk at ADE  
Wtf did Alonso just do 
Anyone seen 
If I’m pissed off in the day I just go and check 
Finding Jaime 
When your over the moon the L t-shirts fits when you thought you needed an XL. 
Why does my mates company logo 
Me and Loz was on next level annoyingness today 
OMFG 
STOP IT 
National comment on the weather day and how cold it is. Happens every year people, it's November 
THERES ALWAYS THAT ONE CUNT 
Someone found the yoghurt 
It's not the real Black Friday tho is it!?
 so true!! x 
'Jay Z cheated on Beyoncé' and girls are writing 'that means there's no hope for me in this world' 
I don't think there's anything more satisfying than your ear popping after about 2-3 hours of it being sucked in
I don’t know if I was more excited for LG or Warbly Jets??
He said: 'Great effing band name,' which I really appreciated" 
back with a bang
I straight up forget what I say in interviews till I see it written out. 
A quick doodly-doo because Pat's reaction to in-game dialogue is hilarious 
Whos been singin that satsriakal satsriakal tune today then lol...its catchy still 
mangled 
Watched bare videos of old St. Paul’s carnival in bristol from the 80s I can see about 10 mandems Dad’s and mums including mine, that era seemed nice for music man. 
I thought you man were bredrins 
 It's madness here fam
London definitely. I actually saw a man fight a brick wall yesterday for walking into it 
I KNOW PEOPLE SLEPT ON IT 
Hope y’all don’t notice the piece of glitter hangin out my booty. 
fully didn't know u could use the word 'jees' in words w friends 
Everytime i start that video i have to come right back off insta 
Comedians on insta stay giving me life though 
When Dizzle says “No”....
Yassss LAWD
Drive to Houston! Don't say it's too far I'm driving for two weeks straight 
Yup! It's a hot pot spot 
This is just mindblowing! This guy will put us out of business 
Nutted so much to 
Damn, dog. Bella rose aired her dirty ass laundry all over the neighborhood last night 
Just went to tell this guy next to me at the light "nice Lambo" and realized it was Conor McGregor... 
Bitcoin trying to get to 10k right now like 
Remember that time Steve Angello just took a Vengeance construction sample pack and just copy pasted it into a Beatport #1 single? Lmfaooooooooo Legend 
About to put my damn Christmas lights up mane..Never thought I'd be that guy but fuck it, Thanksgiving is wack so I'm starting December early. 
On twitter in 2009 you used to tweet out “good morning!” And all 300 of your followers would say that shit back. 
 @ 39Th Street Track 
Actually I’m just dyslexic.  
Y'all gotta give 
Just so we’re clear 
And saying: lock his ASS up. 
Can't wait for Wenger to sub off Lacazette at halftime for Welbeck 
That’s exactly what happened tho...
The only performance better than Ozil’s tonight goes to 
Y’all transplants need to go back home so we can have LA back. This is ridiculous 
Specs make a Youtube channel man 
Madness 
 sorry Arsenal
Retweet; a thousand times retweet 
We raced each other 14 years ago in Bahrain for the 1st time, I pissed 
Brought non-designer friends to the 
Fox’s Shep Smith debunks his network’s favorite Hillary ‘scandal,’ infuriates viewers
Indeed...i prefer Urban Balladist myself 
About to do something super fun for this 
My Rhodes is in the shop for a week! WTF am I gonna do?! 
Getting into character for tomorrow's 
Tonight at 8:30 in Bed Stuy!!! Come see 
Big Poppa Gibbs 
New Bud Light Commercial. Dilly Dilly. 
They said ROCKY somewhere knitting supreme sweaters 
 I swear
“i got a court date coming up. is it still self-defense if you wish a nigga would? i don’t have a lawyer” - 
Who wore it best? 
Well when I woke up this morning I didn’t think I’d get a last minute booking to go work in Barcelona / Andorra for a week all expenses paid to design for a bar chain... Leaving on Wednesday!!!

It’s a good job I can ski! .. sort of. 
Amir Khan is too much for me 
I aint been so this licked in so long 
Always makes me laugh when i see someone waiting at a crossing whilst on a jog just jogging on the spot 
Vote for us at the 
Australia, Festivals and really cool bikes!!
Lmaooo... Just saw this on FB. Cannot tell you how much I relate to this!! 
Odd recordings got some decent photoshop skills 
just realised I will have to take my Christmas presents with me on tour the whole weekend because I'll go straight to my family from the airport on the 24th of december 
Haven’t heard “nang” in years 
My bro’s very honest guide to eating 
Dear Theresa, it's not the number of MPs that counts it's how you use them. You have to do more with less that's all 
I'm ignoring you for now 
Here's a sneak peek of tonight's show on 
Never seen a Y-front pledge before 
Fantastic Plymouth! So many dots! 
Fabulously done Alison. My little girls watched this and are now singing "5 precious oysters!!" 
It’s like Watching England Taking Penalties at the World Cup Watching Stanley Johnson in 
This is SO cruel.... but I cried laughing. 
I’m in! 
Does anyone else remember when a lesson on global warming was watching The Day After Tomorrow? 
Our annual writing session 
Christmas Cookie Challenge starts on 
Doors 7.30pm TONIGHT for 
Superscoreboard’s Mean Tweets...coming to a screen near you soon 
Moran is a big boy now 
Just wanted to say a big thank you to 
I'm getting the hang of this Twitter stuff. 
Just sat in 
Late night dancing to earthwindandfire w/ my little man! 
Well played gents  
We were all waiting for the painful instastories to stop 
In the great words of Happy Gilmore "Look whose Closer" 
Worked out today 
So much fun filming this with 
Had a wonderful time today at our local 
Daily inspiration 
My picks for tomorrow's 
This is what I woke up to
Aub really just decorated a cute cookie for me and I dropped it
Can you fit me in your suitcase 
Wonder why my name never ends up on plates like this?! Probably bc I play the 
I got 
when your local shopkeeper messages to make sure you’re ok because you were a state the night before. Yeah that. Fuck my life 
And yes, I did mean that people will use the no stamp duty to further boost their bank balances by way of not having to pay it. Sorry, was my sarcasm not obvious. Perhaps I should talk about wearing Boots eyelashes instead 
Lol let me spell this out for you:

You dating/courting/procreating with someone outside your race will not end racism 
Oh my god 
24/7 light
24/7 internet
Fully stocked library
5 mins coffee break after an hour of class.
Classes start by 9am-6pm
Cold breeze
No ancestral spirit monitoring you 
"When your dead asleep but your song comes on" 
I’ve had some interesting moments with The Rock on twitter. Remember this from 2015? 
Just a regular day at Television Centre 
not stopping djing with these until some1 hooks me up *cough

potentially hurting ur brand everytime I use em now 
I tried to take a selfie with cookie - just wait for the end 
How to make the worlds messiest cake 
Made my day 
These kids make the news much more interesting to watch! 
Prince William is by far the happiest. 
Torta caprese with a milk chocolate ganache - it might be gluten free...but it sure ain't healthy 
Cooooookie 
A blooper reel to enjoy from 
I ran a very hilly half marathon yesterday. Today I am in PAIN. But only my lower half 
Tickets to see Bolton boy Peter Kay, Manchester, June ‘18! Celebratory cheesecake needed 
That’s my reaction when he tells me how to drive 
Sick set up 
 best part of the video 
How you feel about your last team tailgate with some special guests on campus 
"Remember when we use to collect chapstick? I use to eat them" -
Duuuuude
I don’t know if he’d let me though 
 delusional Warriors fan here
What. The. Actual. 
Asked 
I might have too many bike carriers!!! 
When your niece thought 
Horrible picture of me 
How is POLICE COPS IN SPACE not a bloody TV show yet!? Still grinning when thinking about last nights show 
THIS IS AMAZING 
Which Beatle has the biggest penis!? 
Somehow they allow people dressed up in Mario Kart costumes to zip around Tokyo. It’s called MariCar 
Could you imagine if Rod from Hot Rod would have said “Just gonna send it”?? It would have made the movie 10x better
Take 2... dates 
Life begins on FRIDAY! Who you wrestling over a TV today? 
The last time it was his ID. This time it's his jeans.  
Happy Friday, stay Strong and Stable 
Can’t lie this new beat with 
this fella blagged his way on to babestation, i've never cried with laughter so much
Fabulous graduates 
When the work squad out and on fleek 
140 caps for England? I never knew that Scotti 
Hahaha That’s ok then pal, I’ll accept that! 
What are yooooou doing?! Preacher preaching something something influence! 
just asked goggle ok google play me some jungle music and it played demolition man first tune 
And then we score 
Hahah!!! Maybe you can tell our 
Feeling like a jar of Marmite right now... 
.. Sorry I couldn't help myself
KD was feeling too good 
Yo who remember the 50 cent shooting game for PlayStation 2 growing up
The internet always gonna be undefeated 
I be forgetting ion got Facebook 
Slowly but surely my English is getting better 
G Herbo funny af 
What you on, 
So it looks like The FA have seen what the 
If ever you needed a reason to vote for 
I have an image of me trying this and the dog dragging me along as I lay on the floor screaming 
This is incredible 
This is so intense 
Kevin Hart vs Usain Bolt in an ice bath challenge goes exactly how you'd expect 
Go watch full video on unilad 
My family - who aren't on twitter - are texting me from Israel letting me know about 
AHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAH WHAT THE HELL DID I JUST WATCH?? 
Yes, Khan v Brook would’ve been nice but Amir on 
Amir Khan is actually hilarious!

“Man don’t like spiders!”


Amir Khan after he found out that he’s doing another Bushtucker Trial 
AHAHAHAHHAHA AMIR KHAN PULLED THE BLOODY SNAKE OUT AND STARTED SCREAMING 
The great panther mystery of 2003... 
Just caught up on this weeks 
It wouldn't be 
BEST STATEMENT EVER 
And the piece de resistance! 
The thread 
I’m blue. If I were green I would die. 
It'll be hard going home... BUT I have some really exciting plans and projects in the pipeline - and some bloody gorgeous solo and full band gigs to look forward to! The tour never needs to end 
We are LIVE with 
As gutting as losing to Crystal Palace was, this is actually really funny from 
“Alf on the shelf”
Absolutely love it!

we're ready 
When it's been a tough week so you're just bypassing the glass & going straight for the bottle!
Watching each other bowl like it's the footie 
This is so good!


Meat! The Son of God

God job 
You didn't think we'd leave you pondering the punchline to our 
Can't believe they debated this live on TV 
Day oneeeeee! Much love bro 
Thanks for the support 
Dude on TNT just said Draymond Green only one point shy of a triple-double. 9 points, 13 assists, 11 turnovers
Kyrie Sounds like a Ex girlfriend 
Turn NY UP Cali style 
The divot by CC looks like the divots from my golf swings.. 
We found the real life Beavis and Butthead! 
 jersey swaps are serious business for 
WHY THO 
Don’t matter you still ugly 
Niggas were lit
When you watch Ouija one too many times...
Career goals my friend. And it’s all true! 
 all that reaching gone have ya fouled out in the first quarter...
This dude on somethin 
THE INTERNET STAYS UNDEFEATED!!!!! 
I’ll take that... 
Matching PJs for dogs and people?! 
As if 
 Need me a panic room like this...
  flicking through the newspaper as per usual & I see your name as co-producer I said "Yes Andre you beast" 
 How time flies! Thanks for the international support!!
Early Birds are gone and we're not ever half way through our announcements 
Remember that scene we did girls
GUYS!!!!
When you wanna RT this 
 "Interview plz" is how we always email designers. Nailed it. 
Someone printed this and brought it to our HK gig last night 
The technical way of checking if the runway is frozen...have 
Omg....you actually did a cardboard cut out of yours truly? 
What a babe 
When you haven’t slept and you have to be awake in 4 hours 
HAHAHA 
 loving the live call 
I think I’m in love with 
Kez to Stanley: You've been trying so hard to get a Prime Minister in the family 
Everyday.... 
Down with politeness! 
RoundTeam CEO 
Two things i’ve learned cycling on London roads for 5 yrs.

- People are very stupid. 
- Road rage is real 
Great day in store helping our friends at 
Santa came for an early visit to fare this year to see who was on the nice list 
'I'm well known for all the Charity work I do and for the kids I work with'.

Rightooo Mrs.Vardy 
After all the ORBITA furore, finally a study where cardiologists look good! 
Not one of the 5 children in my family knew my name was “Christina” cos they all call me “Nina” 
I’d like to thank 
Haha! Of course 
packed room for the 
Welcome to my 
“Scotland has the only football team in the world that does a lap of disgrace.” 
These weird and wonderful accommodation requests had us 
It has been a fantastic morning with 
This pretty much sums up all my feelings about hockey too 
You know you’ve made it when your face is on a marshmallow. 
Downside of having parents on Twitter...
Absolutely. The thought of that bacon butty will be what keeps me going 
AMAZING: The greatest swimming pool entrance of all-time. 
One of our admins house is looking busy 
Chuckling out loud 
4 all the haterzzz 
Bring all the noise! This is the Corvette ZR1 convertible – the one to have if you want to hear the 755hp engine in all its glory!

Tag someone who'd need to hold their hair in place 
If this isn’t 
world of dance press, 03-20 

I love the unusual length of her dresses 
"He's the stupid one, basically" 
Last day of filming 
Find it so entertaining that books on the constitutional law of the European Union are being recycled in my department at uni 
Shoot I think you can 
 I’m done 
This couldn't be more true 
OMG DYING 
Monday blues 
The funniest hash tag I think I've seen 
Hahaha I can’t believe this actually became something 
Not gramming while in the wilderness, I swear 
Throw back to the first year I started cycling and we met 
Afternoon rain showers in CO?! Say it ain't so 
Like father, like son 
Phill Sherring called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named “Beer of the Year,” like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway! 
@JenSkogerboe 
“Your photography is really poor” 
 I was more concerned for my 
Still cracking up over this goal celebration. 
If you use 
Thug life in RO
Only in Texas do you read this in a race flyer. 
Of for dinner now with Lauren grandparents. Have to be back by 7 as they want to get settled. 
Pre race day dream is it Gabby? 
My first ride today on the 
Going to have a happy "Larry"  Super work done in a matter of days.
(Middle one is mine 
We just love to give shit away.. 
Huge congratulations to our boys today at the world's... season shut down almost here! Gather the nuts and settle down
My date 
 Thanks for getting up so early 
Why can't we all just get along 
Walking with a friend
can reduce stress… unless that friend stresses you out. 
An image that would give you nightmares 
This tweet just makes me laugh!!! 
Ah. Yes. 
Mum sent me this Flash back to when 
TAG A FRIEND WHO WOULD EAT THIS FOR BREAKFAST
RT if you miss your dysfunctional 
Good man Reynolds
You are an inspiration and a hoot Sinead 
Always nice to see a few familiar faces 
Hands down, one of the best callers we've ever had! 
It's a long way down. Spot the reflection of @lonaoc hiding in the corner
The Book of Mormon, still laughing! 
There is a lad on twitter that seems determined to use as many big words as possible 
Rt if you've been like Trey this week 
guys this is one of the hardest moves in rugby. it take a LOT of practice 
Oh my god remember this? Idiots 
When you're not sure what to do with your arms 
Wow that just made my day - I love that the girls picked up on 
So Bertie said Jeremy Corbyn is 'bonkers'? We are just about emerging from the disastrous, unregulated 10-year hole you dug us - but Corbyn is 'bonkers'.  Thank you for your contribution - but we can do without you 'standing on the sidelines, cribbing and moaning' 
Just found these on my phone, 
All I wanted was to be you +1 
that's him there - tight t shirt and looking in the mirror
Beta 2 is here—and with two tickets to Bootstrap theming paradise! 
Trigger's story about his cousin is one of the greatest
It looks like it's 
They know my exact mood when I’m "Hangry" 
Christmas Lists 
Can't believe I got to be on set! Go watch the full video!! 
Tag someone who's day could be saved by Wuntu! 
PET PROBLEMS!!!!! 
It’s that time 
TEKKERS: 
Waking up after another win...
Last night was our 5th time, how time flies when you're running about like a headless chicken 
When Davidson loses to Nevada 
Real Oakland ... 
Our MCs commanding band solos 
What do you think 
Ooh TY Akhlak! Blush! 
 no just taking it all in...and waiting to talk to 
I just see myself getting plenty of interceptions at the next level. The game is so fun it’s funny at a point 
F'd around and got a triple double
Y'all are too good 
Dawg missed the bus, this shit so funny Bra I swear 
come out and support 
How about this one then? Royalty 
Absolute honour to work on this! I did warn you I could talk 
First visit for me to 
Thanks to _life_in_raw_ capturing @wald1_99 trying to keep up 
Ok, this made me laugh... 
 That's right up there with the "Millennium Bug" bullshit
The fall out from the Leroy Fer handshake video 
ALBERTO MORENO: the song
DEAD 
 Didn’t have a medium in the kit bag nah? 
BRAYDON YOU'RE AMAZING!
'Make up's coming on isn't it?' 
Suicidal squirrels have knocked out more power in the US than cybercrime -- 
The punter of the 
tfw your newspaper doesn't support `writing-mode: sideways-lr` 
I don't support that notion but the comment is funny as hell 
That moment between confusion and shock when you realize that you misdialed your companies conference call line and have connected to an 'adult chat' service instead 
Audience member1: movements like 
Bears fan trolls John Fox with "Firefox" sign 
These two dudes dressed up as umps and sat right behind home plate. This is great 
Minties moment 
Can't get over how funny I am tonight 
It's so warm here in Heriot 
Who made this menu and thought it was a good idea to put a salad on a plate 
The Mish team have one of the best pivot stories in startup world! 
Prime Minister 
Just picked up husband from some exclusive Garage Project tour and he is having major difficulty with the words “brewery tour” right now. Touery.... Brewety... 
It’s true, I do actually like all of these things 
Thankyou so much 
Is this real life?! 
Wenger refusing to leave Arsenal... 
Thanks for the laughs. 
King Callow, don't ever change! 
Buh your tour guide di33r gyae ooo
Someone make this into a Christmas card please! 
RT when you see it 
Good morning England!

Here's a summary of what you've missed from Adelaide today. 


DRS - 3

Jimmy Anderson - 0


 what we said!
In other news, Trevor Noah had this to say about Kenya 
 is only saying what we all heard before or during the Perth Test 
Quote Victor Wong on sipping his beer on plane for ride home from Bordertown “What strength this beer it like water” we gave him light 2.7%
I'm glad his horses have gone better this week 
When you come in for a cuddle way, way, WAY too early. But, get one for your troubles in the end 
Tom: A lot of beards going on in this game.
Katie: Superstition, for the playoffs.
Tom: That’s what I’m doing too. Sept-Nov for the sales. 
Calling information for pizza 
Sooo y'all just wasn't gonna tell me that 
Holy shit 
 looking forward to playing against you for years my man. Fun times
Soooooo.... just checked tonight's box scores... Cuz was angry back in Sac huh?!?! 
Don’t miss y’all -  I’m doing something brand new with ‘behind the curtain’ access - likely filled with bloopers. 
 they are not ready bro 
my noisy gallery at 
Hahaaaa! Inconvenience fee 
CRACE people O

Totally love Dickwella's reaction 
Retweet if you have experienced any 
See this is me some days and they'll be calling me arrogant. 
“Oh no I fine forget“ 
You kill me 
I'm done 
Including my contracts 
The fire is hot 
Savagery! 
My baby is kicking to Chioma Jesus 
Lol someone said De Gea can save a 2 gig file on a 256mb memory card 
Usain bolt's celebration 
Crazy 
I'm just waking up 
Hmmmmm... ability you know! 
Stay fresh, make sure u baff everyday 
Lol
Chaley u see the thing 
Elvina says I'm too white...she says I need a tan. Looking at this, I think she may be right. 
I think you deleted something 
Funniest!!! 
You foolish man! 
Crying 
Dating a 40 year old guy is a sign of maturity, until he takes you home and you hear his mom shout from the kitchen "Junior bɛfa waduane" 
Shatta Slap WIFI Selling At A Cool Price At Accra Sports Stadium 
Lol... This is called Humour karma. 
You gotta love Wale.

That is if you are able to spot him among the 82 people he is on stage with. 
Ebi like I have to update my list oo.

I see more than 13 things on stage. Lemme add up. 
14. Storm energy
15. Black shirts
16. DJ Vyrusky
17. All Korle gorno plumbers
18. I'm tired, somebody should continue. 

SM owns Facebook 
The way 
Yahoo Guys using a lady's profile to send me friend requests, 
CONTINUE. I'm never a ladies freak. 
YOU CAN'T SCAM ME!!! 

"You know your family, and they don't play this sh*t!" 
Everybody surprise how killa kill blowman ..
Please SM fans  Our Daddy said we should take over Twitter 
Swedru pple no dey hear 
If young musician  for Ghana get 1,2 hits norr then dem start come events at 2am smfh.....if I be Wale I go perform till 6 am
ENTRY!! 
Homie from Limpopo 
‘your Instagram stories made me move to Cape Town! you make going for a cappuccino seem so ahmazing’ - my JHB friend Hayley 
I hope saveion gets me the 
passing the blame again 
New trailer new me. 
Tonight’s favourite entertainment has come from Steph Pratt telling everyone in the argument to hold on to their 15 mins of fame. Pot kettle black. 
Dead glam trailer this. 
“I said I didn’t like snakes. I thought you’d ease us in gently.” 
Awesome episode of Marketing School with 
Defining 
I’m still in disbelief that Ding a Ling came on in Buttermarket on Saturday never thought I’d hear them typa tunes in Shrewsbury 
1st of December he's taking over for a whole month 
Lolol I had fun but Ionno I can't feel my hips move or my bum... just my damn belly 
Which one of ya'll are going to play this cat dating sim? 
When you're hit by an unexpected snowstorm 
 I think I found a perfect fit 
All being well we will have a rough unedited copy of the beer debate tomorrow..... If it ever finishes uploading 
Sunday is the day! 3 subjects in total, and lots of beer and food 
That was close. Going through beers for 
Want to catch a comedy? 
This thread 
Man this was so epic. 
“It’s the middle of winter, and the papers are issuing drought warnings, so people are going out and panic buying Peckham bloody spring” 
Who made dis 
This just made my night
Aye this shit raw though
That old Chicago 
That's shit smack on god 
One assumes that figure doesn't include our players - few of whom have really turned up 
Penguin falls down resulting in best sound ever 
Why u cappin u sing good af u never gotta work hard 
Bro niggas will never feel as played as I was when I found out the whole melody to march madness was a arp
"IS THIS UNISEX ,IS THIS GENDER NEUTRAL"?!

bitch I'm dead 
Dear Imran Khan, there are two issues with this statement. 
1: Quetta is not in KPK but in Balochistan where Pmln is in power

2: You are speaking in chistian Bahalwalnagar which is in Punjab without a bullet proof glass. So according to your logic, Badla hy ham ny Punjab 
Our guest @chaterinemack reminded us we’re opening a restaurant in a location with the words ‘BATTER’ and ‘SEA’ in it’s name 
It’s national boyfriend day? Who daughter tryna show me off for the day 
Are the socks a little much? 
I knew that summer working in GAP would help me one day !
Thankful for these crazy humans 
After yesterday's sombre and personal post today's is a fun one! It's a fun and inappropriate book covers post this time featuring monster erotica!
Busy night last night! Had a fun 
Leg's doing much better, but has a funky bump that makes me laugh! 
Chelsea 
 political parties are a facade there is just the ruling class and everyone else 
Same thing happened to me when I wanted to cover ACA after it passed! “Legislative battle is over, why not move on to something else?” 
keeping your streets ice-free....
"Nick Grit-Shaw" 
I've made it 
 Alcohol more like
Another great meal cooked from Steve and the staff 
Did someone just shout "Up Galway!"?? 
Brilliant Christy Moore joke 
Door one was so exciting 
Martin's turn to get hands-on, from our 
James, from our 
Next to you James, that's a normal sized circular saw! 
When your dad drops in at the club.. ffs 
'No trump talk' 
Got some of these 
Nice delivery from adidasrugby but looks like it was mostly for indie!
Takes after her mother!!
Handing treats out the window! I think they want in! 
Do you like Japanese anemones as much as I do?
Class that Wayne mate. You’ve got to give 
Im rounding it up to £500 so yes i did beat denbo
Didnt take him long but Jacob snagged himself his first girlfriend,just happens to be 
Didn’t want to be the one to show this 
Ever seen a cnut wrapped in plastic?

No....

Then have a look at your drivers licence.....
I've noticed, if you're scared of spiders they always turn up in your bedroom. Using that logic... I'm scared of blonde girls with big tits......
True....
Outbreak of women in sensible shoes on Corrie......
A proper growler.......
When you get told off for trying to steal the baubles, so you have a sulk as close as possible to said baubles 
But have you got a star on the goetz install of the month wall of fame
"He wants to be King Tool!" 
Matt you absolutely crease me up so bloody Funny 
Great fun playing this. Almost caught me out on a few of the questions tho 
Haha! Whoever at Trafford Centre thought getting rid of forty car parking spaces at Christmas for a shitty big wheel was a good idea needs their P45! 
Give it to Teresa may 
This is the best video I've seen oh my god 
Genuinely sit here every night laughing my head off at the 'Tiny Littler Dennis Wise' jokes 
Unlucky mate 
Cheers guys, should last me atleast a couple of days!! 
We used to do this drill 
When the beach is as black as your soul 
PART 2: Best Review ever on our Milkshake Stout by Saturday AM - check it out!! - I think we can confidently say they are going apeshiii for it! Delighted!  
My rigorous training has begun for the 
Today’s marks our Robs last day of his stage! 
As a little thank you to 
Simon, your face says it all after trying our Milkshake Stout this morning.  
What a gal 
That pass was stunning. I almost wished I wasn’t in the stadium so I could see a replay 
Oh dear....
All the Northern Irish accents you could wish for + Chris Hadfield 
Shark Alert! 
A good contract still won’t get you all you need 
Even the players had to laugh 
 one of my faves - think you were having more fun that the girls !! 
 Pirates Dominoes - Harder than it looks 
Just how good is 
Took TJ to do some fitness and kicking, he did not like suicide runs 
They got me today...shots will be reassessed for tomorrow!! 
Finished 
Did 
Call of Duty brings anger and rage out of me that I never knew I had 
Enjoy your day everybody!!! 
"To be honest I was desperate for an oil tank- I couldn't care less if Donald Trump turned up" was my favourite quote of the day 
Nick Collins falling off a ladder live on sky sports news 
 Wonder if there'll be as much fuss about this as 
Mind you, there’s no need to be reading our tweets as 
Let the man play 
Sisco looking dangerous for the Danes...
I'm here all night 
Funny, a Donegal and Tyrone man giving out about Kerry dishing out some physical stuff 
I can't recall doing that 
Word of advice children, don’t run in a field that’s pitch black... you maybe might fall in a hole 
Whenever I need motivation I look at my car matts 
Outstanding
These guys... 
It was a dive....this has crept in to our game and  we need to eradicate it.... 
 Pete I've just full on belly-laughed at that dive! Yellow card!
"He slapped me around the head and said Craig Bellamy's been talking about you..." 
Can’t Stop Her
Jecca is the first person I have ever heard sing Feliz Navidad from start to finish without stopping 
Kylian Mbappe gets a little help embracing his nickname 
Gotta love football fans 
Hardaway Jr. stopped to call him safe 
Great night all, cheers 
They look even better as an album cover
oh my GOD THIS COSTUME!!!
A legend of the game along with 
The PIP assessment asked some strange questions today. Even after going through my injury and the fact I am completely paralysed from chest down - “can you stand on tip toes?” No “on one leg?” No!  
When you’re being really childish in the car and your boyf doesn’t find you funny 
Orrrrrr *jockstraps* 
. . . and his lineout lifting style must be the reason for the 
Hahaha not seen 
We knew we loved 
We all know that one person 
Retweet if you're a 
 ok....so it all makes sense now
Speech 2 for 2 right now hot damn 
Girl! EVERYONE thinks their event is a good cause lol 
Finally & in last place was Danny White, Lewis Foley & Greame Barker. Hope you all find a use for that wooden spoon. Better luck next time 
 sent me this last night and i was finally able to hear it and i already played it 4 times 
Damn my future live set is ruined 
just found out my dad tried to pay for a round with his room key thinking it was his debit card 
there’s a problem when the bartender knows you well enough to put you on a tequila ban 
thing is, she’s right 
crying on a train listening to ed sheeran, am i in a movie? i think so 
Thinking about temporarily blocking my card so I can't spend so much money on shots tonight like last time 
Is that a raincoat or a condom -
This catcher on this Iowa Cubs doesn't mess around 
This might be the greatest commentary I've ever heard
Classic
Now I know what I’m giving for all my Christmas presents this year!! 
thanx Jerrod, 
Cooking lean is fun 
A little girl wanted a photo with me today because she wanted a picture with "Merida from brave" 
Lil update - let me hit puberty already 
Jimmie Sherfy, 
We miss you ‘trained journalist’  
Why he so obsessed with me? 
What they don't know that make up! It's hilarious 
Not the example we want to set, but Twitter do what you best and caption this 
I had a wonderful thanksgiving courtesy of 
#9 from TCU lookin like Post Malone with the braids 
That boy Talib done jacked more chains than Debo!!!! 
Constantly eating pizza 
We've finally got an official promo video 
Glad morris likes his 
That is definitely school spirit! 
Aah this is my life constantly! Now I just eat as much as I can at airport just in case 
Stunts?! Looks like I don’t need them anymore! 
me when I see bae ( 
Me rn 
Dashboard showed batt problems on my to my event Switched off the car 2x & it still got me home.But now it doesn't wanna start
My baby bro is not a baby anymore Walking in the Bench Fashion show for the 1st time! KILL IT OCS! Everybody pray for our mom
Classic
Sorry 
Kyle Petty … or should we say, Cal Weathers? 
Q: What happens when you mix 
Perfect after shift! Pipty lang whole body! HAHA 
Release Season 6 now please 
Sure hope that's my shadow!!! Hahah
ahhhh, thank you! drugs. can’t live with[out] ‘em, can’t live without ‘em. 
“I love coming on your show, great way to end an evening” Bradley Walsh 
 you’re hilarious, loving you on 
 no I haven't but could do one 1 year, featuring some cats potentially maybe a motorbike
Videos and interviews like this keeps me motivated. 
Flippin' best birthday ever. Get to do my 2 fave things. Radio & Swimming. (Yeah my girlfriend took me swimming 
The real question is who’s team up with Beyoncé is better? J Balvin or Ed? 
We’ve all got a mate with a pet eel right? 
Just in case I forget anyone on the insane 
Had so many plans for today....i have got nothing done 
Absolute class nigh at the 
How hoopers be at the Free Throw line. 
Giannis and Thanasis Antetokounmpo do the 
Fishing just a bit different 
Thanks Shanghai for the very early morning welcome! 
 love it
Quality night of music last night in Newcastle for 
Gordon banks wearing a 
Fun 
Always makes me laugh when i see someone waiting at a crossing whilst on a jog just jogging on the spot 
When your friends peer pressure you 
When ur jaws gon that much it dislocates hahahahaha who is this cunt
Lmaooo... Just saw this on FB. Cannot tell you how much I relate to this!! 
Some folk r on smack 
A healthy Teddy Bridgewater is Morgan Freeman in 'Shawshank Redemption' 
I win again! 
Scraped that 
Love how salty Spurs fans are 
Yes, 
This dude 
Priorities of moving house on 1st Dec... Advent calendars up first!!

Start of a new chapter for me... tomorrow I have to live with a boy!!
A great night with great entertainment from guest speaker 
Back 
55 events. 11 days. 27 venues. Get ready to laugh out loud when 
TAG SOMEONE THAT CAN’T DEAL... 
TAG SOMEONE THAT MAKES YOU LAUGH THIS HARD
This is a whole new level of contribution to 
You missed out Drinks on pete !! 
Omg I love it 
This story is the gift that keeps on giving 
Well this took an unexpected turn! 
Would you try bug bread? It's safe to say 
I'm filming a Youtube video with my sister today and I'm really excited about it. There will be at least 1 question about Hugh Grant 
  It's okay not to know!
Enjoying some bedtime reading 
Yeah that’s me in the back seat trying to stay dry in a cheap, flimsy plastic poncho 
Recap from yesterday.
Everything looks cooler in slow-mo 
No I wish 
Australia, Festivals and really cool bikes!!
Short and sweet 
They are the best though 
That would be insane 
Film don’t lie
Lil kids these days so wavy 
 the anticipation is killin me
LSU running back Derrius Guice does not play around when it comes to his bowling form. 
Just tried it... it works on a Tuesday morning too 
Once there was a lion and a monkey, and the monkey said ‘I can make the weather change....’ 
 was really just on 
 go on lad 
In2 streams about 25k a day on Spotify... except Friday’s it goes up to about 50-60k 
Came on Twitter find out if 
When you're a roadman with kids, it only makes sense... 
‘My wife looks just like Susanna’ said my black cab driver.. he’s not wrong! Cc 
You discover some funny things when doing interview research 
Just did my FIRST EVER snow angel... 
Sent off for something from the paper 
’s voice is just out of this world 
The guy who gives advise is a Creaser!! 
 killing it tonight 
My Grandma "It's ok that we are getting beat, the All Blacks have travelled a long way!!!!" 
When your friends take what you say too literally... 
Eye bag struggle is real. Thanks for the honesty 
They made it! 
I’m exhausted. He’s flawless. 
Excited to be running against you..although you’ll have a head start on me 
Bed time 
When you’re being really childish in the car and your boyf doesn’t find you funny 
Hahaha not seen 
Morning guys!! Feeling a bit worse for wear this morning after my day 
 please retweet but be warned!!! 
'Britain's Manliest Man' 
This man dancing to Michael Jackson's ‘Remember The Time’ at a recent Janet Jackson concert absolutely KILLED IT. 
Mini skirts have become my thing recently. Or more specifically, this skirt has become my thing, because let’s face it, I literally have one and I’ve been wearing it on repeat. Truly living that capsule wardrobe life 
We're live 
Just getting a quick stretch in after my leg session before 
Amazing stream! So many people in chat! 

Thanks to all the new followers, subs and donations! Looks like 
Life’s too short... so don’t dull 
This cheeky chappy up to no good. At least he isn’t messing up Uncle 
And hoping the weather is better than what we’re leaving here in Frankfurt 
I apparently watch 
Beep me 911 ft 702/Magoo ppl thought me & 
We sure do love pups and great happy hour prices! Texas Tuesday means $3 Texas Pints and $3 Texas Liquors! Come in and enjoy a 
Them bill collectors do be tripping like you owe them wtf 
You're not going to want to miss 
Get Ready for New episode of 
When you’re dating someone who you thought was faithful but then you catch them... watching an episode of your favourite show without you!! THE BETRAYAL!! 
May've been true if I had yo big ass up there 
Glad morris likes his 
I hope he does the same thing that your hair did to you WHICH IS LEAVE YOUR ASS 
Correcting Thurs night  
She wasn't kidding people! 
Currently laughing my pants off over 
 Love it 
 telling them straight. 
This is absolute Class!! I fooking love all 3 of these legends!! 
We're Frugly. We're fresh and ugly - best intro to an elevator pitch 
the hungrier you are the faster you should work then haha 
 is getting soft in his old age, 
woah, This is huge.!!! this guy is unstoppable, 
Lovely fans 
They got me today...shots will be reassessed for tomorrow!! 
He’s lost a boot
: "I don't think I ever swapped shirts with any player"


Loud 
Everyone has a mate like 
 Brilliant x
Watch out! Who thought learning would be that much fun? 
 love it!
A 
Womit. That’s the word of the day. Womit. 
Can't believe you smashed them baubles in John Lewis though 
Whyyyy did no one tell me it was tonight 
Dying. Her little angry face 
 seriously would like to know what I was doing!!
Who's that idiot in the background 
Hahah!!! Maybe you can tell our 
.. Sorry I couldn't help myself
When Wiggins tried out cyclocross - ‘This is a track cyclist, he has everything to learn’ (video) 
Would you allow me to bring my set of lock picks? Probably quicker 
Hi guys.. Check out the videos on my youtube channel to see where my social media journey begun (at the age of 12 
 can’t wait to lick it again 
Product name: "3:15 p.m"
Slogan: "Any time. Any place."
Oh, Taiwan. You so silly. 
 fan rings just for a bit of a chat with chris Coleman 
“One of your main homeboys just turned snitch, all y’all in trouble” - 
 "Flynn was closer to Trump than Melania".   The best line of the night 
Saturday nights in Glasgow producing yet again
When you have a flat mate that even sounds amazing singing in the shower 
Straight off the pitch into a 
 living for them 
Y'all 
 has me so damn weak always 
The dynamic duo is back at it again, balloons and all!! 
Me to my little bro: how does it feel to be so cool?
Grandpa: I always thought he was HOT 

My man 
Bout Dat dick 
you ever wonder why villains always have to have an evil laugh 
the egos wants to survive here so bad 
how it's a iPhone and it can't type " i " 
Andre, you said they need their own spinoff, I agree! 
Looking forward to this as you may know now 
Just in case you are late to the party 
He’s acted in major Bollywood films, and Punjabi films, and he’s produced some too! Is there anything that birthday boy Jimmy Shergill can’t do? 
Happy Birthday Britney Spears! Happy Birthday, Britney Spears! Oops, we did it again 
 | Catch 
What are you trying to say?!!! 
When you read Santa’s belt this gets even funnier...
"Kevin Gates Shit, Face All In The Booty" 
Now I know what I’m giving for all my Christmas presents this year!! 
Wasn’t that funny, though? Every once in a while I still see a response thinking I was talking about the election.
 lol i just put 2 & 2 together
Just bumped into the Hoff at the hotel, he was wearing my colours too 
Since 
Just scrolled through my 
You look cute in this pic I look a hot ratchet mess 
We begged 
after 
Overeem tryna get the cheap love with that entrance music 
 got jokes
"I wanna look as good as I can, because I think I looked as bad as I possibly could on the whole season." 
When CT called him out on his 70 million dollars 
You get a Force Band. YOU get a Force Band! YOU GET A FORCE BAND! With any already discounted Droid like R2-D2 – NOW $129. 
Damn guys!!!!!! Where was my invite????? LoL 
But tomorrow I move into my sisters! First time we’ve lived together in about 15 years. Oh Jesus. 
Loving my new nails!!! And being a nail model is haaaaaard 
From @foster_furbabies: “.
SPICE: FosterMommaaaa! Make him get off! 
ME: 
Our dogs & cats are really hoping to have new homes in the new year. But for now, they’re making their 
Errr... u ok hun? 
Well isn't this a blast from the past, listening to Hopps and Chapple on 
I taught my niece how to say okay, the right way..... she took it and ran with it. She’s three, still. Btw. 
Saw this and thought of you immediately 
24/7 light
24/7 internet
Fully stocked library
5 mins coffee break after an hour of class.
Classes start by 9am-6pm
Cold breeze
No ancestral spirit monitoring you 
 remember when 
 why does this remind me of 
First person I thought about after seeing this was you  
Ohh, you are playing with 
He's moving with the times 
It was the best of times and the worst.. 
I'm stuck in a row full of Oilers fans. This is going well for me. 
When you attend an event in a school and then you realise 
Childcare this good is medium rare. 
Mike Parry’s trending... 

it’s time for this..
Wow that chop 
Even the monsters get scared sometimes 
Apart from my TA's fabulous gold nails, check out this hilarious wish for our whole school Christmas display! 
Man's not Hot 
Nollywood version by Kenny Blaq 

"Me not speaking? Come on, man!" 
First of all my location finds ordering a luxury so pick and bring or chill.
Relationship goals
Welcome to Bristol City Jose .... "pop in to the office for a drink after aye "  
Guys ,secure your spot at Forloop Kla this dec 
hello 
Forgot to say it was a left footer 
Just walking round ikea with the ex whilst swiping left on tinder 
Wtf am I seeing here 
The feeling after my exams @MyOwnerpv see your life
When your first ever YouTube collab is with your role model 
When the mates you're supposed to be meeting before the football get the train to Newport in Wales instead of Parson Street, Bristol 
G and stevi 
Phill Sherring called to say that I was PROBABLY going to be named “Beer of the Year,” like last year, but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway! 
Enjoyed it mate.. perfect face for the radio! 
Ffs mate get your own celebration 
 first thing in the suitcase case mate!!
All ready for her first finals day 
: 


We think it’s the greatest accent of them all. Santa however... 
Couldn’t say she loved it but it was pretty cold! The desire is there in all of my kids to earn their very own half marathon wristbands though!! 
Lovely to have 
Great time at 
 vicious 
 Perfect response 
Yessss! Cartwheel could be a whole lot better though..
Out on a 10 mile run this morning, starting off with the 
I ran a very hilly half marathon yesterday. Today I am in PAIN. But only my lower half 
Lol I'd be travelling from Newry so gotta look into buses and trains etc 1st haha.....ahh not that big but we're growing 
Can you see me in the 
"It's my 20th birthday soon and this'll be my reaction." Lol 
My mans Collin was living for this moment 
in the van on the way to aau games with coach Darryl when you made me buy you a McFlurry lmao
If there was ever a picture for Christmas Card 
This is awesome. 
The replies to this tweet 
 my small little cute ears
Indeed...i prefer Urban Balladist myself 
36% of this country would tell you they like the taste if poop if you told them Liberals hated it. Morons. 
A typically under-stated celebration from our November champion today 
18 minutes! *cries in social media manager* 
Be prepared to laugh, to cry, and to be enlightened 
This is what good TV looks like right now
That IS hilarious! That 'prop' he has in his hand is just too big! Even Jilly agrees! 
Glad you enjoyed the ‘farmers’ portions 
Funny lads over in the Russian rugby union! 
Matt Cooper says Conor McGregor resembled the General when hiding his face coming out of court earlier. Ivan Yates says McGregor is "a twat". 
Followed this

I laughed too 
They been choosing since darla from the Lil rascal 
And yet more smooth talking from me about my new book 
 we are finalist for 2017 looking forward to the big show 
It’s okay 
*Searingly Romantic* is my new trademark 
It’s not snowing here down the South West but Mariah Carey is on the radio.....THIS IS NOT A DRILL PEOPLE, CHRISTMAS IS COMING!! 
It is indeed, I am tickled pink 
I would congratulate Prince Harry on his engagement but I was in love with Meghan Markle way before they met...I bet he hasn’t even watched an episode of 
We asked you guys to make Rickie's dreams come true & photoshop him into this pic of 
Hold Up! Amir Kahn said he is scared of spiders and heights and he has never watched the show!
Such a good night 
Absolutely had us howling with laughter! Amazing act, loved it - absolutely buzzing 
6 DAYS TO GO: Weds 25th 
Someone forgot their 2d pants on the side of the road. 
The Chosen One 
Ashutosh is a data miner? 
This could be the video of the year!!! 
Who wants to raise a man who plays with Madrid 
Crying 
Good 3 points on the road. Enjoyed being back at Watford much more than last year! Don’t even think about it, 
That was a tough one today, big 3 points in the end! Come on 
Jnr loved the Science and Industry museum. Running around crazy 
Got Mans Not Hot blasting on telly & Mr tumbles on me phone, great combo from my lil man 
Tommy you well tagged these in when you posted your Big Christmas Tree 
I thought it would look petty and vindictive if I didn't invite him and as a petty and vindictive individual I have to take extra care not to appear petty or vindictive  
Going off in Birmingham 
Proper street kids.. chips peas n curry 
Registrations are "Flying"
My god he must have long arms if that’s meant to be him 
Coventry fan finally loses it after watching a poor performance from the team...  
Falling over yeah 
It’s amazing how many taxis you get in and they ask you how to get to where you’re going lol.... “ bro I don’t have a clue that’s why I got a taxi “ 
WINNER: Tweet of the weekend. 
Me at the Indoor Skydive 
This child cracks me up! Laughing his head off watching the tele!
Think someone needs to get to JELLI STUDIOS quickly!
Someone give 
Ngl 70% of the reason I watch TOWIE is because of 
 thanks guys
so much love for 
Haha... John the Great Dane kills me everytime! 
Yaaaassssss... THE SHADE 
When you and bae turn up matching... 
Took the tree down I'm 
Watching this side of Amir cracks me up 
Roozis barber keeps wandering off and leaving him with mad unblended lines around his skull 
Nah you can’t go as someone for Halloween and look so much better than the original. That’s just disrespectful Beyoncé 
3 tries 
Reasons I love my country, Reasons you hate my country
 2009 This photo needs no words officialgreenvelvet 
Also, I’ve given up trying to explain it to my mum. She doesn’t understand the internet and says things like ‘I’ll safari it’ instead of ‘I’ll google it’ 
One of the funniest things iv seen in ages 
 I laughed at this so much
Manchester that was peakkkkkkkkk SUPER PEAK 
Can't stop watching this 
I don't know if I'd be able to handle it in person you know...madness! 
 this gif is spot on! It's 2007 phat
Please tell me this is a wind up? Look at the name of the station
Collab? 
Leatherhead after beating Billericay Town 3-2 
 Happy Birthday you gorgeous boy, I will save the embarrassment of any photos
Dam I'm thinking I should change the art to this 
Oooh I'll look it up! This is the finished piece, Street Spirit by Radiohead. You'll need to crack the code to play it! 
Leatherhead FC 3-2 Billericay Town FC 
I cant work out if they’re being serious or not. I thought there was only tennis down there & was that a jewish star of david in the intro?
Ruptured ACL but who cares after a 95th minute winner 
 I’m a bad influence 
HAPPY BDAY 
Did something happen yesterday? Here's The Last Word as 
I’m crying 
This is amazing 
You know you left it late when you're jumping on a normal bus, not even a night bus 
Who's shadow does it best 
The leg thing infuriates me 
 Throwback to that time me & my don SP MC had an imaginary freestyle battle with an imaginary mic 
Shall we start 
Favorite moment of 2017 for 
I've never had the chance to play this, but the sound effects are too good to ignore! 
 stoked about the Wilmington, NC announcement! I know 
 bare Riddims for bae
The same mcm uses soundgoodizer for mastering and charges £20 per track. It was £60 but nobody hollard! 
 Check out the hilarious 
Oi nah, the Kurupt FM man are too funny 
ALL THAT DARTH VADER TALK 

DOCTOR 4P

KEYBOARD IN ONE HAND STELLA IN THE OTHER 
Gwan 
NO PARIS WAS SO FUCKING CRAZY THEY MADE ME DROP SHADE 3 TIMES ARE U MAD 
2018. I hope you’re ready. 
Twitters a public forum to express thoughts/feelings/opinions…

YES I am an artist and like you SHOULD be proffesional (so I both understand and commend your neutrality)

But I am First a person who makes music for other people… 

Not MCs

So I can be as savage as I like… 
 These times Uncle Jack is at home like…
Don’t think the worlds ready for what we done yana… As much as I love 
dem type of drinks  give u more than twins 100 youts lol 
sn bro I dm'd about my own similar behaviour lol all gd tho ..look fwd to hearing wat u & Dizzle cook up
Fuck a reload what are you actually saying 
LISTEN DUBLIN WAS A FUCKING VIBE!!! THE MANS WERE OUT HERE THROWING WAWDA AND WEED @ ME 
Firecamp was better doe 
I said to 
That new Dave chappelle special is bangin 
Defo arsenal fan tv & chill tonight baby! 
Due to music copyrights This vid got taken down but not giving up 
My brothers IG is hysterical 
I like your vision but that’s really rank! 
Warning: May cause pee pants 
4 years ago today, Kanye West told Sway he doesn’t have the answers 
I cannot make this stuff up. 
I don’t know if you guys heard, but 
MY G ... You know I did the fur ting almost 2 year ago .. 
If you know, you know... Mad ting! 
Every girl when SZA comes on 
You're funny haha
This lunch for you is ready. I have never met anyone so clever with words. I mean you just said how you feel and I'm in my sapio feelings 
I also can't wait to show the world what I've spent the best part of 9 months working on I feel like I'm about to drop a new yout 
Rate my birthday present mr 
Meanwhile, the stage is set guys. 
Day 3 of tour and last night; we all officially bonded over our mutual love of chicken strips!! 
I still can’t believe I’ve met 
BTS today "I can't work under these conditions" 
"Oh I forget the question, I was just saying things." 
Happy your back, can’t wait to get you out there at gunner on punt team in 2018
Too much sauce?

Or not enough?


This ground controller guy is lit AF 
Looking for a new hat? We hope so 
If you see this man, please alert the 
This video has just made our Thursday! 
We raced each other 14 years ago in Bahrain for the 1st time, I pissed 
They can also say they aggressively choked for a 2nd straight year 
BEHIND THE SCENES: the cast of 
BEHIND THE SCENES: the cast of @youngandrestlesscbs show us how to construct the perfect group selfie 
I love Enduro that much I scare myself 
Haha y'all boys were throwing hands yesterday 
 Ho Ho holidays are here .... 
You ought to stop 
My feeble attempt at 
One of my usual shapes but with some enduro flavour!  
Just rode my bmx bike inside the Xfactor show for a Episode of the IN & OUT challenge! 
 / 
Swear i spend so much money because I get influenced by so many people. Sneakers from 
 Russ foolin
 The realest out. Need his own show really.
With the 306 Maxi engine in bits, this is what Loeb arrives back in Saint Maxime in! Look like he’s set for A return next year in this! 
Sensational stuff 
Bobblehatters on tour! 
We all have a mate whose type is "someone who asks me out" 
Apparently my name is Warren and nobody recognises me because I haven’t seen them in a year 
"I had the genius idea of putting her in a holdall." 
One of our funniest ever video’s has just gone liveeee!! Billy vs Jezza No Laugh Challenge 
 Phuket I couldn't resist... 
Let’s get it going 
Look who turned up to see Jez and Billy 
Haha genius. I cant wait to assume my final form. 
When he asks for nudes send him this 
Patrick Patterson rapping "Baby Got Back" 
Making a new friend at 
Jackie literally dragged me out of the house by my hair and OBVIOUSLY a bitch was not prepared!!!
These kids make the news much more interesting to watch! 
Prince William is by far the happiest. 
 Thank you?
Omgggg I can't believe this phrase stuck with you guys so much 
I cried with laughter watching 
Ok so this is the deal. Matt and Ross bet me $100 I couldn’t guess a plot line in one of the episodes. I did...so here I am showing off my sweet victory 
 Someone... for the love... please help her. Namely, the dude bros who keep climbing over her, using her head as support. 
Tow months late finally in BILD newspapers. 
Just TRY to get thhrough this makeup tutorial without laughing 
Got a goody bag at the dentist. My favourite part? The sucker 
That time I met 
The best drive I ever seen effortless.. 
What a great feeling them tigers kills the chickens.. 
Just wait they making it look real good wait until Coach Swinney put his feet on the gas 
 is a walking vibe 
 wilder is a funny guy tbh 
Pretty sure this was the last time we hugged without it being in some sort of wrestling move! 
 This is why Wolves fans are some of the best in the hockey world! Hang in there Jim, I'm sure they'll turn things around! 
Fellow NHL'ers reacting to Auston Matthews' 4 goal NHL debut. This is awesome. 
 my Coworker puts a sign up around Lent that says “NO FISH IN THE MICROWAVE” cuz he can’t stand the smell 
boa that’s real
You lost all them 
Time for the 
same 
 (cracking us up 
This is what I woke up to
Aub really just decorated a cute cookie for me and I dropped it
Truly cracks me up some stuff people say on social media.. this one had me going pretty good 
See why The 
 ok big wiz
That’s blasphemy bro. The barbershop is for conversation. He’s cutting your hair on the side 
LOL awww. It's us who can't spell tho 
Lol I was live 
Bet money no other team is like ours 
“Elvis, should you really be in the studio after having just had your wisdom teeth removed?” 
 Had 2 share 
The Struggle is Real!!!
When you secretly record your partner and they have no clue..Worth the payback
Pat!!! You should have told me in time to get cable! 
When you go to bed 9 am. Just to wake up at 12 am to watch east los high finale. 
HAHAHAHA!!!!!!! This made my entire night. 
“I’m just the messenger”....code for calm down buddy! 
This is me as a Peanuts character. Lil Vee is her name. Hair choice inspired by the first season of 
“I’ve been in rooms before. We’re in a room right now.”-Mosley

At least Beale tried 
"OMG I gave you my mother!" Deeks is on screen for less than two minutes and I'm already LOL-ing! 
What does this tired two-year-old want for Christmas?
"I want to take a nap," she tells Santa. 
Bruh being OFF BEAT! A skill! An art! 
It’s pretty easy to tell a story ... I literally can not think of 8 sentences that have absolutely nothing to do with the other.  THAT IS A TALENT 
I only tweet in the airport - I
LeBron was too hyped about the Ohio State game 
How could you NOT love these two? I mean COME ON. 
Lmao 
THE LAST ONE THO 
1/4 Let me save some researchers time
Get up outta there G 
UPDATE: He just now sent me the address. It’s a 10 minute drive but I’m already in bed... Debating on throwing on this ugly sweater and going anyway just to say I did it 
UPDATE: I was dressed and ready to go, he said he was gonna send me the address, but never sent it. Guess he didn’t think I was serious yesterday, now he ignoring me 
Just told some random white guy in downtown Detroit that imma pull up to his Christmas party tomorrow 
Somewhere right now there’s a black parent yelling at a kid for swearing like “STOP ALL THAT F***IN CUSSIN!” 
Workout got me like 
Finesse 
Since we’re on the topic... 
Ay yaw too much man 
Big ugly 
Am I the only one that just realized Sam Smith released a whole new album?! 
No grandbabies around here. Someone got neutered today! 
There’s nothing like laying in your hotel bed eating leftover 
We might have to make "Topgolf T-Rex Tuesday" a thing. 
“Go ahead honey go get cavities”

“You’re the one with no teeth in your mouth “ LMAO 
They gave me Christmas colors! 
Kentucky commit Tyler Herro earned all 42points tonight. 69-63 intense Whitnall win vs Milwaukee Destiny. 
Backstage posers 
sisterly love at its finest... 
Forever legendary 
Kyrie and Booker still going at it after the halftime buzzer 
same mace 
I’m done. I should know better than to log onto twitter anymore...
Here to help 
Bruh I literally got tripped and kicked in the head 
Shannon sharpe shot his shot and was successful salute 
Is it bad that I’m feeling homesick? 
yall gotta watch this whole video
I could never be mad at that cute face even though he hurt me 
Imagine sitting next to a pregnant lady in the movies only for her to pull her stomach out and have hella food. I would die laughing at that moment 
Gordon Hayward already back on the court has Kevin Love SHOOK 
Support the bro 
(1996) Rookies Kobe Bryant and Keyshawn Johnson learn how to deal with media. 
 only producers and songwriters really understand this
This voiceover has me crying 
Fun times!! Do we ever work? 
My mom - “you’re the kind of girl a guy would take to a scary movie because you’re such a wimp” 
But I did get up and down 
Most people worry about their sisters taking their clothes but no I have to worry about my mom taking my clothes 
My dad really got his 
Even in the final stretch, Lefty never loses his sense of humor 
I do not know that. You could have been the wolf in Sheeps clothing !
The weather is looking good today ladies 
Ladies from 
VERY, very true! 
Was looking for my extra comfy jammie bottoms for ages there, decided to finally give up and lie down and realised I was wearing them 
I look like a wee lassie who has won a meet and greet with the Girls Day Out Hunks 
"That Cassi's hummin" 
loosing it w/ 
Yasss big up Dominic! 
Thanos out here like “yeeeeeeaaaaaa bitches!!!!” 
Oh man that’s going to be a super embarrassing speech for sure 
I’m flattered that y’all care that much about me 
At this rate neither team gonna win their bye week 
Someone tell CK we won. 
Drake’s looking like he got caught 
“Name something you fill” This is by far the blackest answer Family Fued has EVER had
You funny big bro 
Just witnessed 
Now they changed the OFFICIAL score sheet 
Crazy thing is... i remember being in the basement with Terrill spittin straight GARABE lmaooooo broski leveled up on my ass 
It’s finna be 2018 in less than 40 days and Cam & Mase are still beefing 
His-and-hers jack o' lantern project turned out to be pretty psychologically revealing 
When you're trying to do a postgame interview but LeBron is watching the Buckeyes 
knew you stayed up too late when this came on your tv 
Bod pod results came back and I lost 4.3% of pure fat and increased my lean body mass... so what do I do? Go eat a pop tart 
Check out this FIYA acoustic version of Dont Love Me 
Someone open the door for this dog, please!
Ever seen this side of coach Mac? Helpful, yet assertive! 
"DID YOU THANK THE DOCTOR FOR BRINGING YOU INTO THIS WORLD?" 

Lavar Ball is PURE comedy! 
That time Doc tried to get ejected to watch Tiger at the Masters 
This just to easy 
 is always being ‘CHEESY!’ 
Can’t Long Arm Bates 
Always stay guarded tho lol maybe just don’t swing 
Oh you remember The Bull
Recorded by DU Recorder – Screen recorder for Android

This guy
Are you running an exotic zoo at your house, 
Critical-thinking free day Friday and a group of 6th graders at 
Holy Shirt!! 
Between 
What's a programmer's favorite bar? Foo bar! 

On future trade shows, you will always know, when I will be present at the booth 
Jimmie Sherfy, 
I’m probably the only one who works out to “Because you Loved Me” by Celine Dion. She gives me strength 
Gordon Ramsay is a savage 
Happy thanksgiving friends! Caption this 
Who wore it best? 
I can’t either, babe. I can’t either. 
I like the way you think 
I'm v confused and curious ... does anyone else feel like the new Instagram algorithm has affected their posts?? Or do ppl just hate what I'm posting 
You know what they say....ain't no..... Better than new.....
Niggas got so faded we broke into a 4 part symphony 
REAL TALK 
Shout to the girl behind me last night 
All very busy in the kitchen this morning! 
I'd watch ALL of these 
 “We the people”, then promotes a government structure of sorts.
Me and Charlie are up and ready to go for 
When in doubt just eat it 
What a journey it has been to dance on this show and hopefully break some perceptions!Now they need to find someone who keeps their bum in!
Just in case you need a laugh 
How to wind up 
This is the best one yet 
Don't get him angry, you wouldn't like him when he's angry.

*warning contains extremely bad language 
This is what I’m dealing with 
Don’t know what’s worse - the goalkeeping or the miss? 
Well, Bill Tench is not so easily fooled ... 
Insight ago go from 
Poor pup 
Sent this pic to my mum & her take out was, “He's had a lovely day with you being there”. Yes Mum, 
My toddler just took all of his clothes off and exclaimed, "I'm naked! I'm handsome!" 
Best burger spot in LA? Already planning out my cheat meal 
it’s not Christmas till you’ve seen this 
Dee Gea is shite 
 your mother is CRAZY!!!! 
This catcher on this Iowa Cubs doesn't mess around 
Any ideas where we are now? 
The face you put when you find out you're officially a magpie! 
Quote this.. 
LINGARD WITH THE MILLY ROCK UNA 
 Can't deal! He's killing me with laughter!
 On 
A captived audience here at the 
Please contact 
Incase you didn't know already..
Omg, on the sonar 404 page, 
Come to Canyon Texas. I dare you but I bet you won’t. 
Chris Martin from 
My EP HIGH KEY FYE FIRST TIME LISTENING TO IT 
ME FIGHTING SECURITY @ MY SHOW 
Y'all doing security at concerts allowed me to talk to and hug 
Baby boy took carrots out his chckn soup, called them penises, & threw them @ me. Had to lay down law but so tuff keepin a straight face. 
 is crazy for this 
I have since learned who techno Viking is 
TNT  lil league Champs!!!
This dog loves ice 
When you see your name come up during 
if only
Joey Galloway is BIG MAD 
I wish i could play in the 
Just watched this episode of 
I feel light headed from laughing so much!!! Another great one!
Congratulations Genuine on your latest offer! (This is the look I always get
Dis man kicked they grave 
NOW IT'S OFFICIAL LOL 
Stevey looking good in the DBoss shirt on the back 9 
 looking forward to playing against you for years my man. Fun times
Soooooo.... just checked tonight's box scores... Cuz was angry back in Sac huh?!?! 
and one for his captain, of course 
“If you knock me out, you can look through my phone” 
This guy 
I'm the one guy in the room who doesn't talk much because I'm looking for escape routes in case of a zombie apocalypse 
I just wanna walk around 
How bout them Cowboys?!?!

Dude Perfect?
Please understand the difference between the sports... we're talking about swimming vs men's basketball here
Watching peoples reactions who just saw snow for the first time
Falcons QB Matt Ryan goes undercover to sell his own jersey. (VIDEO) 
...he gets a pass! Has to focus on Tampa, not a turkey 
The ice cubes
Getting my popcorn ready (and possible chicken and waffle 
Even the Louisville mascot just got the 
"THAT'S A 50" 
Lies!!
Love being downvoted for saying I work on the game, may be time for a reddit break 
Hear my comments & watch 
Her face 
Some bites are more sour than others haha 
LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL WAIT 
Okay, Twitter let's bring this rule out... You can't use "glo up" if you didn't look like a struggling rat as a kid. So with that being said, all the cute little kids. Yall didn't glo up. Yall "grew up"... we uglies "glo'd up". That's our word 
Why he had to fck it up like this? 
crazy how coaches can leave whenever they please, but when a player wants to transfer they want to take a year of eligibility away
I’m sitting here editing photos and 
Why uberman 2 go so hard? 
SMOKE GRENADES HAVE A WHOLE NEW MEANING!

 thank you! You’re 
I’m Weak 
The caption 
Coincidence? Or fate? 
It's egregious!! 
I haven't changed 
This is awesome 
I’m sure this is 100000% accurate 
LMAO KD A BOY 
Too good to not retweet 
Before Snapchat and Instagram was around, this is where you showed off your shoes/outfit. Never forget where you came from 
 Apparently, I am my Bel Air's best ecart customer. 
Bandwagon squad. The bench warmers are ready 
ASU Kodi Justice (
"They goin to lower my speed on madden " 
It's not everyday you get to host the one and only Warren Buffet at your restaurant! What an honor! Hope my stock picks pay off for him! 
All ears and a pretty big nose too 
Seeing my nieces and nephew transfixed by silverware certainly brightened up my 
Who does such a thing? 
I felt one of these comments coming 
That’s not stressful that’s Skressful!!! 
She thought she recognized someone. 
Don't hog the mic, 
The Warriors had a message for Luke. 
Thanks stoner love the functional pictures 
Hit of hotbox 
Go ahead and slap this jawn!!! If ya ain’t hear I
Chance the Rapper the best hockey reporter 
Welcome!! 
Only as old as you feel... Which some days is older than 33 
First birthday meal of the weekend begins with bottomless brunch... gonna be pissed before I get to dinner 
First up, Name: as it’s not December yet it’s now called  “late December Shake” 
So a trip to the 
Literally filling their boots with 
Bex’s face when she finds out that I voted for her 5 times on the app to do the eating trial 
He's the biggest jokeman 
I go upstairs I go upstairs I'm a paigon
The Panama ball boy did everything in his power to get his country to the World Cup last night 
AMAZING: 
funny 
 Thanks for coming today Shane!
QUALITY: Spurs fans chant 
That moment you turn up for work after Bank Holiday weekend. 
don't think 
What is your best feature? - Don't have one 
Ant and dec are the cure for any bad mood, I love em 
Amir pulling the snake out has made my week 
When I tell you THIS VINE has made my entire year!! 
Over the next three nights we've got 
 awaiting the abuse…. 
What a welcome from 
Is the 
loving 
Sounds like my dad 
Lolololololol Jimmy omg this episode 
We sat down with 
 I just cried bruh, loook how sickkkk these people are! Im in tears 
I’ve just been crying with laughter at this 
Gemma Collins again 
 Lol thanks, just trying to keep up with the 
Just dug out a first draft of WDIM would I be right in thinking that's your handy work at the bottom? 
This is fantastic 
 King & Queen at Staxtonbury 2017. It's on the EP 
What makes you belly laugh? 
This guy is still a boss. How much would he go for in today's transfer market? 
Dream on 
"It'll sell. It's got me in it." Grayson sounds like the new 
Remember when people compared Joe Hart to David De Gea? 
Being filmed In BLACKPOOL In the new year what could possibly go wrong 
Nanny: “HE WATCHES PORN!”


 you're such a savage omg
Watching my mama run is hilarious 
Booked tickets for my mum and step dad to see 
It's true I was at the Christmas Menu tasting back in May 
I feel this is me 
How ima comb my hair into existence 
just....watched this again n again & i stll got no words 
These dogs do NOT like sharing 
just incase you’re having a bad day, watch this
Doors 7.30pm TONIGHT for 
A mighty hoard from 2 fantastic Christmas Fayres this morning! Well done Neilston Parish Church and 
"I just noticed that DJ to your left - has he been there all week?"
"Yeh, he's playing some sick beats"

Got to love 
I need some practice 
wow vlogmas is going well, I already forgot to that I had to edit todays vlog for tomorrow so I'm doing it now 
my thighs are actually killing with the amount of times I squatted for photos today 
eyeliner: done
mascara: done
now time to stick these lashes on.. on a crowded train 
Pre-match love in the tunnel!! 
WOAH GUYS! The jumpers sold out so quickly! We’re working on a restock so don’t worry if you missed out! Will keep you in the loop! Fun fact, me and 
 A  topical Friday joke this week!

This is the best thing I’ve seen for a long time 
Starting vs 
Have to say I also don't see much wrong there, can't ban someone for a shaky spray. Else we have to start with 
Living in the Outer Hebrides currently painting Svalbard! 
Another absolute roasting from 
This is the best video ever 
Danny Ric remembered me from Austin and the first thing he said to me was:

“Alright mate, I’m not gonna roast you today haha”


My sister everybody... 
Can't wait for Wenger to sub off Lacazette at halftime for Welbeck 
Was I in english last night at the 
Wait 20 minutes for media shuttle. Start explaining the English saying about London buses to 
We're not sure who was more excited about pole today...


What we do in our spare time? Take a wild guess 
One final time thi year - the dreaded words flash up on my screen “
Literally... 
We've been doing teambuilding all day, as 
Lol anyone wanna buy me a chair? 
The first thing I do when I hear this phrase 
Can I pay contactless?? 
Oh yeah, and it's not all about the cars 
Lets fucking go, this shit felt good after dying all the time on landing 
Learning from the best during our bootcamp for 
i love these people man 
This is someone id chill with just on the soul fact that he doesnt care 
my belly hurts
Tonight I had a weird dota dream again. Valve implemented bombing zones with red circles on the minimap. Just like PUBG  
"I don't know who looks more sad that they won, Turbo or all of Cloud9." - 
When kids ask :  Why’s the sky blue ?

For the 100th time it's quantum Rayleigh scatters & lacking violet photon receptors in our retinae  
I tried y'all but you know my dad's a clown
There's no way those signs are just a coincidence right? 
its always the quiet ones !
Am I too old for this shit? 
Here at the Vixx concert all alone. Strange feeling being a loner as I don't normally leave the house without someone 
But I only got the burger and no fries so I kinda redeemed myself 
If anyone hasn't seen Samurai Gourmet on Netflix - you're really missing the boat. Such a simple show but it really makes you value tge little things in life... And makes you so hungry 
Camera really does add 20lbs 
GG Tweet notifications. Subtweeting to a whole new level 
 showed up in Marvels 
Was thinking about streaming tonight but with this hangover I think it’s best I stay clear 
Trying to convince 
Every time I matchmake a grandmaster in OW and they select a character to counter me I add them as a friend... 

This is the story of how I’ve got like 8 GMs on my friends list 
It’s 7:55 in London 
The strategy 
The deck or the strategy 
Who are this Clash players?! 
Happy to have watched you grow and evolve, you spicy thing, you 
Shit this glizzy cost $560 mf better match that 
Why I’m debating now 
Chicago clubs be bussin even though that might be yo last night alive u gone have the time of yo life 
I must admit that it’s wildly entertaining watching Bag interview a non-English speaker with super complex game mechanic questions through a translator who doesn’t play the game. 
This right here 
Sometimes you gotta wake your kids up to 
I’m in Sweden and I honestly just don’t want to get out of bed today 
When you find the massage chair section in 
CCGS NA Update: 
Hog in every game even when it is banned
's deck already used first game CCGS 
Who eats rice with your hands?
Feel so bad for this guy
Lol I remember you were tracer
damn it ya all still active 
It's 12 am for me just stopped playing csgo 
Best friend - 
Lmao actually dead, someone just accused me of asking for a married woman's nudes behind my back
THIS IS MY NEW FAVORITE VIDEO 
When your girlfriend gets mad at you. I swear those are the worst messages to open. 
You Ever Looked For Your Phone And It Was In Your Hand The Whole Time?
So Factual
4k after the bomb goes off? Why not! 
The rise of Pan Head begins... 
Easiest way to top 10? Don't land. 
The ultimate horseman - 
Phil asked this youngster a question.

And got an honest answer. 
Delighted for my Godfather Jerry today, a loyal supporter of the game. Pity 
 now that you know the meaning wa spita
Lol 
Yes you did the most plus i was lazy to stalk 
 I think rhis just made my day
 hair cut abuse crus I know 
Not chomam Shame I guess she's not Xhosa 
Lol wow stalker hehe
68000. He filled it. 
Just like this 2l Coke bottle. It's full. 
 I feel you
Remote working in Liverpool with the lovely 
No ECJ during 
Charlie Chaplin and the Great Gatsby - two happy customers! 
"Reduced to strength with local water passed through our artisinal RO system, to strip the bejayus out of it, so pure H2O."

Tadgh will take it from here, step aside Ryan! 
Nice delivery from adidasrugby but looks like it was mostly for indie!
Takes after her mother!!
Handing treats out the window! I think they want in! 
Check out my story to see just how ridiculous today is. 
I must live quints bc I used to watch quints by surprise  and I watch 
Didnt take him long but Jacob snagged himself his first girlfriend,just happens to be 
Well, this is just brilliant! 
You’re not helping us settle this argument, guys... 
The Michael Cera mugshot has our vote 
When I sae the monogrammed Louis Vuitton passport cover 
So me and my dance partner 
So excited Akira bowled herself over 
I’m so pumped for this match that I have changed my pandora station at work from Maria Carey Holiday to EDM Hits. Absolutely buzzing!!! 
Ramos is a prick. Took two swipes at Dembele and then made out he got hit in the face. As for that leg swipe on him by Dembele, Ramos jumped into Dembele before he could even lift his leg 
What a crazy day 
Album coming very soon.... 
Chomsky explains media bias to Andrew Marr, "If you believed something different, you wouldn't be sitting where you're sitting" 
Christmas Fun at the shop today playing “Don’t show us your teeth Keith” with our own legend Keith 
 Forum, Topic 5: "I think we need to find out the library laws" 
yeah will reimburse up to £50! Can get real quality for that will be like laying on my £800 kingsize bed 
I’m loving 
Oh God !!! 
In fairness to him, Cup week is a bloody long week 
Ahhh! I love this so much. My Littles will be so thrilled. They are plotting ways to convince the district to send us to Islington. 
Woger the Woman 
Can't get good selfies on the beach at Uttoxeter sadly 
So many great stories in 
the good old days!
absolutely 
In Melbourne tuned in to 
A bunch of 'men' arguing about sabotaging a pot plant...this is too much 
Hands and arms 
Tell me you get lonely           
When the misses has a Melbourne Cup day special at her work. 
You know Brett Johns is still partying on because he's still liking everything that comes up on his twitter 
PMT city 
Looking forward to fighting in cage next year if I can get some Fooooker to take the fight 
For those who were talk about Ortiz n I, no need to fight for the spot when it was given to me 
Lads get that 
She went and did it 
That's next level 
 is slowly turning into one of my favourite people, his entertainment is top draw and every sport needs a character like him. He doesn't give a fuckkkkk 
Biggest shutdown... I’ve watched this about 93 times and still get equally as gassed every time 
 nah the dog has zero fucks
Totally 
My fights done now. What u sayin 
Bahaha I’m cracking up so hard 
Bahahah omg I’m cracking up right now 
When ya boy rolls up on you at a 
Best caption and go! 
 aye dios mio! Good luck for you and when you come to Miami I help you with Spanish
I'm getting the hang of this Twitter stuff. 
Late night dancing to earthwindandfire w/ my little man! 
On their sideline 
That’s not holy grail, that’s holy nettle 
 talks the best greeze on his link up TV behind bars

Love it 
Caught him sleeping 
Shoutout to all the fighters cutting weight this thanksgiving
We the real MVPs 
It's a two against one fight. Tony Vs Kevin Lee and His ingrown twin on his chest 
Modelling my new 
How I contained my excitement when I met 
Lmao my uncle and cousin trying to give 
Crazy weekend has come to an end 
Rise n' Grind not about to be easy, so let me get some sleep 
The struggle 
People backwards bruh 
People don’t forget 
What in the hell is going on!!! 
Dang, I forgot about this!!! 
I love me some nostalgia 
Ndi Imo, is the President of South Africa gone yet?
Jacob Zuma, whose Igbo name translates to 'keep stealing'.

It’s a pretty chilly Monday as you can tell by 
Enjoying my down time relaxing & letting my hair down. Maybe just aswell Cadbury world was sold out. Think I better get back 2 the gym 
F**k you 
Think the PACman has found his new favourite spot & making his own wee bed 
What's ET doing sitting in my garage 
We all just copy each other... like 
Everything was good..... something went terribly wrong. I love this kid tooo much!
My nephew’s reaction is priceless. My biggest fan and my biggest critic. 
Great night last night / this morning with 
Just off the phone to 
That was like a tin of sardines in there 
Mate 
 class
The smell of booze on the high speed from London to Ashford is incredible. Some long weeks were had I think 
Love it yesss RazClart 
 we are so sorry!!! Won’t be long! Promise! X
Happy Birthday to my main. Sorry I couldn’t be there but to be fair, I’d rather be in Jamaica 
My mate Ranjit.!! 
THAT WAS AMAZING.... 
Because we  have been lied to all this time 
Never seen Paul sweat this much 
This one got me good, watch until the end 
Real tears I just cried 
That’s bloody tough that is! Thank god I never had to do that 
Its always madness at the 
When u casually meet 
Guarantee this still tastes better than 93% of everything we bake in our spare time 
Day 3:
ITS THE RETURN OF THE SNOW POPE!
28th October 2017 - the day we were first introduced to this magical creation - will go down in history as the only time we’ve ever seen 
Great gift idea! Do we come gift wrapped ? 
No buter! 
I couldn't get my smile of my face since yesterdays video
When I watch the video back I even believe myself
Oh dear me no! Please don’t invite me to tea! 
So fabulous! The drag queens that is not the Dad dancing!!. 
 Tricky Big Ears 
Oh Sarah! I’m shocked! A knitwear addict!!!
Made me smile 
I've no idea what you mean 
Welp we have another scared one he's more nervous than Gabe Rosado was 
Not only is BJS scared I have all of London shaking in there boots they're all tryna come to his rescue through Twitter 
It's one thing to sounds stupid but you even have the look down pat 
If he is dopping good for him it might make the fight a lil more competitive 
Ohh AJ you legend 
Why he do 
You guys are jokes man 
I am the only person that can break my phone fix it and then break it again two days later 
You’re sOoo tall 
 this should’ve been part of the bloopers, you never fail to make me smile ngl
AND ITS OUTTTT!!!!  RETWEET BEFORE YOU CLICK ON THE LINK!!!! 
This is bants
When boredom strikes in AJ's room 
 look at the old man dancing
The similarities......
Lots of options for 
Some kind of joke? 
Leaving Mexico today... I’ll be home tomorrow how Shit does that sound? 
Will be the shining light in a few years will my boy 
Makes me wanna go church 
And if lovin the lord is wrong......I don’t wanna be right 
25 years apart 
Man sent his CV in 
We have no details on this 8 second clip, but it's amazing 
Haha bringing us back to being in the playground 
Never, ever celebrate early 
Very funny 
"History be thy judge" 


GQ editor on Corbyn earlier was hilarious - he was slating him , "a wizard of oz figure", "distinctly underwhelming" 
It’s school visits day and 
The squad that plays together, stays together. 
why he go at Lamelo like that
I feel bad for that little boy 
Hurray for morning Gin deliveries 
Nothing like a bit of Christmas cheer on December 1st! 
Spokane tourney for Anna and 
Goldman School students: “Live every day like its CBO score day.” 
Amnesty, do you love me? Or am I just a treat-dispensing butt scratcher? Is there a difference? 
A reminder that you're not alone. 
You know when you breathe oxygen? 
 I WILL FINISH THIS!
Instead of saying "no" to her dad, our six year old just said, "Not available in the App Store"! 
Wait for it. Wait for it. 
Found your double 
The apprentice returns on Wednesday this is probably the best part of the 12 series so far 
My Top 9 recipes so far this year.... slightly fewer cheesecakes compared to last year 
McDonough students meet Gov Malloy at Making it Real: Girls in Manufacturing & someone invited him 2 Bailando 
Classic 
Didn't British Athletics tweet a throwback of 
Christ I were only 5 
My spouse and I met someone (let's assume PA) today. PA asked my spouse - " it's been so long. What are you doing? Where are you working?" I assumed that this question will be asked to me. Never happened. PA assumed  I'm a home Maker 
 Happy birthday to my Tough Mudder footwear provider 
Bill Belichick can barely contain himself when watching his team score touchdowns 
Haha! Whoever at Trafford Centre thought getting rid of forty car parking spaces at Christmas for a shitty big wheel was a good idea needs their P45! 
Just realised something happened to the music on last nights video! 
That’s literally the next state over from me wow it’s so weird to assume people are so far but then they’re like right next door 
They look even better as an album cover
CLAY YOUNG FOR PRESIDENT 
Walk of the year goes to 
Nah u drive to class so I can get your spot & not get a ticket lol 
Five comedians in a lift! 
Thank you boo 
 dude you had nothing else to tweet
Gotta love a free Sharpie! My new 
In celebration of my new hat. Read my blog “Dear marathon,
I’m leaving you.” 
I'm struggling to find a news story from today which does not drop in "she's black". It's almost hilarious! 
I ain’t know how to spell it 
Holiday of a lifetime. Few pics together as i was practically an on-call photographer! But she looks better in a bikini, so its only fair..
Let’s hope I can keep this pace up though my Marathon training lol... Probably not hahahah 
So I guess... It's looking a lot like 
We had to share the picture 
Drake’s expression after getting caught on camera pouring a drink at a basketball game is the funniest thing you’ll see today. 
Mischevious Chester found a new fav toy in mom 
I luvvvvvv it 
Funniest one yet 
How's that for a 
Check out my new YT video out now!! It's one of my favs
 you’re too much lady! Love you!
Brioche in piles 
 <—- 
White kids are genetically meant to be disrespected to they parents 
I would definitely consider watching a Friday remake with 
Anytime somebody ask u how long u staying??? They really want u gone  on the low
Im in the studio soundin like lil wayne 
Omg I’m dying we were JUST listening to the everybody has roaches song on apple music and I find this on my TL 
Y'all are my favourite thing to watch I swear to God 
Look like a R&B Group Thats bout to FUCK SOME SHIT UP!!
I was trying to think of a super clever tweet but I couldn't think of anything clever so this is what you get instead..hahaha 
Might just be me but I love the solo only aspect to start and build up your MMR. If you want to dominate with your pals play pubs 
“My legs are so ashy it looks like someone put a cigarette out on them” 
NEW VIDEO! FaceTime Prank on my Friends with my doppelgänger 
You guys need to see the new video 
My stomach sounds like a Demogorgon
Tfw your guitar won't stop telling you alternate tuning jokes during your set ! 
Tag someone who should get this for you... 
I have done some off stream laddering in my spare time. It's pretty hard atm because even if you win you still derank. 
There’s some real weirdos at our campus
I had no knowledge of this video and almost couldn’t cast after it! I was in tears! 
Michigan State pulling a C9 in the 
Cora: ‘’Wow you brits.. I thought 
Thank ya!! RT 
 How to get 4th graders excited! Shoutout the 
We survived week one on Heroes ' Graveyard 
Hip hop blingo with the boys! 
Last night endet up 1,6 up, only 1k anymore. Good games, was fun and hopefully everyone knows by now that i play for fun 
It's a space station...
But if the “hater” doesn’t grow up...why should the word? 
This has us rolling
That's lit 
Never celebrate until the river is dealt 
Sometimes they do have it 
 - Day 2 is live! I think I'm caught up now, right? Right!? YAY!

I'm a Bugbear Now! Want some bearhugs? You can just call me Hugbear? 
“Black coachella” 
Dirk Nowitzki has the 
 I was watching and heard the mystery shop comment
Regram from 
HONK if you see this! 
She was soo sweet to me the whole night I wonder how she's doing 
Idk probably cry all over again 
Been practicing for 5 hours..just now stood up..my ass cheeks are literally numb
When the contents of your mini fridge are: Lime 
Was probably looking at a puppy because that's still my reaction whenever I see a dog 
Thanks for the action shot 
Be still my beating heart, 
Mostly sponsored by Diet Coke and Estée Lauder today! 
.Yaaaaasssss Connie Gwirl! 
.A Day Out With The Munchkin. Please Peep The Last Photo. 
Forever loving this picture 
Really happy for 
wow I miscounted and there's actually about 20 
You can only retweet this today 
Chris and I laughed at this for a good 5 minutes 
 this is deep
Oi guys this might possibly have been my favourite moment of 2017 
How can someone say to me they are more scared of the cold than death 
"Mans Not Hot" featuring Dustin Henderson 
South African name .. vey Yoruba mouth 
If you like no collect your money comot there till SARS come meet you
Dear Theresa, it's not the number of MPs that counts it's how you use them. You have to do more with less that's all 
This was joke of the day, the set up and everything was perfect 
Salawa on stage. Our home training has left the building. No. No picture 
Poor arsenal fans 
Wait For It... MOMMA CURVED ME! 
So amebo brought me to twitter after sooo long... 
 homeboy wants a lover
 
Congratulations 
Yo what?! 
Look with attention: 
This made me laugh at lot! 
Mix sounding good 
you people
Repost from @Mary_Lazarus 
Ghana.... We are Ready! 
From 
Heheheh must be nice
Knew I was going to run into the legend that is 
Cats be trying to get out of the financial sunken place 
Oh my word 
Haha let's all laugh at the 'welsh golden generation' 
In honour of the 
Was starting my tweet with « the streak is over ... » deleted that quick as f*** 
“Puck was a white guy of the worst type: a white guy with a bicycle.” 
That’s a new one but thanks 
Just got hit with the iPhone 7 ‘charging / listening to music at the same time’ thing for the first time on this train & I’m actually screwing 
Just spent 5 minutes in the elevator tryna leave the hotel then I realised my rooms on the ground floor 
True stories 
Thank you Hun and LOOOOL omg the amount of people that I’ve said that like seriously 
Yea brvvvvvva 
She cracks me all the way up! 
Just a good ol fashioned laugh!!!!
Disgruntled bedroom Dj who never quite made it and is angry at the world for moving past the Vinyl era! 
became a singer in Mexico... so far not doing so well 
“Don’t let the b*stards get away with it!” 
Family advice over Thanksgiving dinner: Don’t let your dating life make you cynical.

Too late, Uncle!! 
ahm ded 
Conversation with a baby 
The sign abusers are back again in Kettering 
Soooo weak 
We gave 
Here’s wishing one of the nicest people I know. 
Voice completely gone. Will have to teach doubling numbers through interpretive dance tomorrow cause I literally can’t speak 
IM SCREAMING 
If harry is being a teacher all my prayers have been answered.... can imagine our lives as primary teachers in opposite classes 
I’ve had a work related injury.... hurt my leg trying to win musical bumps at the school disco 
From a concept rock mini album about piss-head aliens. Right-Up-My-Alley 
Martin Keown is actually becoming my favourite pundit. Batshit crazy, incredibly weird analogies & unable to say words correctly 
The face 
Wenger refusing to leave Arsenal... 
RT when you see it 
Made us giggle 
Who needs a real lawyer?!  
Solid advice 
Dame Judi Dench rapping with 
Atalanta 2 competative games in the uk

First one: Merthyr Tydfil 2-1 Atalanta
Second one: Everton 1-5 Atalanta 

God sake I’ve been beaten to it.... BOOM!!! 
 bro even your mother knows thats false 
 we gonna turn that city upside down. I can't wait 
Only in Texas do you read this in a race flyer. 
Absolutely hammered by this man but what a great evening charity evening for the Foster carers. 
yeah and his best mate 
it means you will have to tape your stick BEFORE training instead of DURING now 
When the squad's on point but 
This has to be the best safety demo ever! 
Only time 
No...and not sure I want too!!! I have a tour coming up!! 
I won't allow myself to be sucked in like that ever again!! 
This toy room is madness 
So glad this video has resurfaced 
One of life's funnier spelling mistakes 
# charleysangels ready for Miami 
We all look so happy 
Night out with the lads then bring one of them bk to Netflix and chill 
ONLY IN LONDON 
Bryan Habana carrying out a fitness test with the most passionate physio ever 
Listener: how do u stay married to your partners, the way you guys talk on the radio?! 
Setting up for the 
Zlatan Ibrahimovic: "Lions, they don't recover like humans." 
We are done! Thank you, 
Listening to that interval samba music for the last time..! Ready for the Wolf to work that tail ONE MORE TIME! 
"I'm excited. I can't sleep. I keep wanting to pee cause I'm so excited. After seven thousand miles to have this down to two miles is awesome." - 
So happy that we met 
Ha. I sang this when I had Laryngitis. The emotion was there so we kept it. My voice def doesn’t do that naturally. 
Always nice to see a few familiar faces 
Thank you to everyone who posted & sent me this 
Lmao Conor's suit 
She'll never recover from that 
There’s only one 
Good few days away on the GK camp, don’t go for those ones tho mate
Looking forward to a few days in 
Happy birthday to ma brother 
Why does this go soo well together please 
QUALITY: Lee Sharpe's story of Sir Alex Ferguson after Eric Cantona's red card vs Crystal Palace. 
Sturridge when he found out his pace on FIFA is 76
Update: after burning 450 calories on just the elliptical, I no longer want fast food. 
Surely that's what you expect though? 
Pop party week end in Sauchiehall Metro. Photo with our look alikes Justin and Wagner 
Honestly they are in season! 
Fidget Spinners in the Kitchen? Points for creativity  
Hahaha do you think I like Pink ?! 
Been busy ogling hot men all evening. Sorry, I mean 'reviewing cover imagery' for Catching London. It's a tough job, but somebody's got to do it. 
LOVE this. 
Our final MUPI Match 
Robbie said to Dan: When you find a woman like Carol you stop looking - has he forgotten Dan used to date Carol 
Thanks John 
  Always brings back the laughs
Funniest thing I've seen in a while!  
The final minute of Padiham FC v Widnes FC 
Will be singing too obvs! 
When you get out of bed, get a ring out for the finale whilst you remember and then realise two hours later that you’re still wearing it!!
Meet our two new additions to our lovely Box Office team - 
So Bertie said Jeremy Corbyn is 'bonkers'? We are just about emerging from the disastrous, unregulated 10-year hole you dug us - but Corbyn is 'bonkers'.  Thank you for your contribution - but we can do without you 'standing on the sidelines, cribbing and moaning' 
My honey always manages to mess up any video I take around her
WOW! Total 
And yes I know there are motorcycle helmets on there. 
WELCOME TO HELL. 
I just brought Caoimhe to see Santy in Phoenix Park & he goes (all shocked!) I know you, I voted for you!! Now if that isn't an endorsement then what is? The main man himself is a 
Best part about being home and being 21 now is going to 
I am just like any other girl. Growing up with an elder brother is never easy 
isn't that why it is called Cape Coma? 
The only two things in my house growing in value right now 
Me after the rains are gone. 
'Attachted' is the word of the day. 
We have all been here once or twice! 
IM CRYING 
I just want to give 
Have a great one Saaz!! Your narration today of “those” episodes was hilarious 
 beat one of the day! Thank you 
This man dancing to Michael Jackson's ‘Remember The Time’ at a recent Janet Jackson concert absolutely KILLED IT. 
Under attack!!! Not complaining tho 
When you take "sleep on it" too seriously 
Cracking day down at Cottesloe today. Some quality efforts at Stand up Paddle Boarding from the boys
This one’s for 
Too many different answers 
"I just noticed that DJ to your left - has he been there all week?"
"Yeh, he's playing some sick beats"

Got to love 
I need some practice 
"Maximums reached above 26C on six consecutive days last week." 
It's not every morning you wake up to a herd of escapee goats on the front lawn... 
It will never get old that this is where I get my groceries from. WHUT
Just bumped into the Hoff at the hotel, he was wearing my colours too 
 is a walking vibe 
Spend my lunch break (and then some) at the 
How do you solve the problem of junk in space? Use a giant harpoon gun of course! 
Truffle the dog is every single one of us when it finally snows 
I Would Kill To Be In A Game Like This! 3’s For Everybody 
Im late to this but I’m glad 
I mean, chances are I’ll have seen everything you recommend but still 
No sympathy for people without advent calendars. It’s not like you haven’t had enough warning Christmas was on its way 
Why does Instagram explore just show me people I’ve unfollowed. Like no I don’t want to secretly stalk them from afar 
 we couldn't agree more! 
Philip Glenister answers RV queries as your resident agony aunt
That's a sentence we thought we'd never say 
Ready for a new fave page in the photoalbum? 
Who else agrees? 
Nigel Farage: "I’ve done more than anyone else to stop the rise of the far right in this country." 


Star struck meeting their hero - only time today the wee man was quiet 
Carshare 
Pretty much. 
WOAH GUYS! The jumpers sold out so quickly! We’re working on a restock so don’t worry if you missed out! Will keep you in the loop! Fun fact, me and 
Tonight is the night... if you ain’t got tickets to 
 Your snaps just got me bopping around my room to the proclaimers at 11oclock
 Snapchat is comedy gold. The proclaimers video 
Literally crying of laughter at 
I have an image of me trying this and the dog dragging me along as I lay on the floor screaming 
GUYS can we all just take a moment to appreciate the incredible seismic socks that Secret Santa has gifted me 
Kids say the funniest things:  "Daddy, shall we google who Santa Clauses Daddy is." 
Thanks Pellis 
We threw a free show last night and packed like 500 people in a 300 cap room 
Honestly, as long as we beat 
Reptar went so hard last night 
I have never enjoyed a tech demo so much in my life 
'Coco Lolo' & 'Coco Roro' have a nice ring to it but 'Coco Mark' not so much 
This is so accurate! So many developers like these 
my brother and I found this too humerous 
The kind of happiness Tritonal has while mixing together is the type of happiness I need in my life 
Also shout out to my bro he basically got me into making music. He 5x better than me 
Short and sweet 
James & Dave Franco what they love most about each other & their CRAZIEST auditions ever 
We played slanguage with 
“Yo is this portable TOP?” 
When you're a roadman with kids, it only makes sense... 
Woahhhhh 2-0 united
A Big Foot on the 
Who remembers Patrick, as in the sports brand? 
Live Footage from a 
If I don't get a Sunday dinner today I ain't dropping the ep Friday you can all starve like me 
 Check out the hilarious 
Oi nah, the Kurupt FM man are too funny 
22 Tracks - Respectable considering I'm not even a full time DJ like that! 
Mute me, unfollow me, ima still pop up 
Looks like I’m about to have to grind hella hard. HIT ME UP if you need graphic work or video editing! Ya bois gotta support himself now just off twitter and a laptop 
You know you been banging chest and arms when it hurts to cream your back 
No pound coins either... that machine did not respect ur life or ur pockets 
“WHATCHU GON DO ROY?!?”
This crowd was NOT ready for these dance moves
Y'all twitter folk are such angry people 
I can't wait until 
So Mr “Fake News” just posted fake news. Tried to bait Muslims but ended up showing white on white violence instead 
Yo abdi you are really showing how wounded you are lol. Ive not flopped not once that's YOU and double, That's why I called yas Miss the drop and Flop 
I just saw one of those semi-famous girls on Instagram who actually had make up on her mid section to make it look like she had a toned stomach.

Thank goodness I have freed myself from that world, it’s getting crazier. 
Laws fwu again Out 2nd time in a uber 
Only in 
Sometimes you have to make them respect your 
Play golf quickly 
Awkward 
Your going home! your going home your going, Bristols going home 
hahahah this is what I'm saying, they put in the work it just didn't work 
Big up all the sour Bristol fans saying we cheated 
Just been sent this… 
Even De Gea wants to wear that City Blue 
Smart work not hard work 
Best rebuttal of your career 
Out on a 10 mile run this morning, starting off with the 
I ran a very hilly half marathon yesterday. Today I am in PAIN. But only my lower half 
Always nice to see a few familiar faces 
KFC Hamilton gonna get a hiding tonight 
Doing 
Arsenal are the first club in history, where the manager loses the dressing room and we get rid of the dressing room rather the manager 
“I’d like to see this porn”!!! 
Started a new Muirhead Christmas tradition today. Kids frustrated that we haven’t finished yet. May be complete by Christmas Day...2018! 
Love this 
Made sure I’m at the Post office early ready to post the leotards as I have gym at 10am ...... it’s taking a while, the que is now out the door 
When you finally embrace who God made you to be. 
Incredibly powerful, funny 
Session on Social Media/cellphone addiction due to 
Filmed this for CBBC ... now a shameless plug to you lot too 
Amazing! 
Glad morris likes his 
I will!!! 
Our bhoy Conor didn’t get the London Sleep OUT memo 
Saw this In a toy shop in Oslo and instantly thought of 
I am in stitches ... 
Awww just caught up on 
 nice of 
When your boss asks you to stay late on a Friday 
Came on Twitter find out if 
When you go to an exercise class and have no idea what you're doing... 
Attack of the leaf 
last time I was exited for a video... it was also another one of her videos
Video 
Looking forward to some banter and fun later when hosting the 
Peaky blinders and the apprentice done, now time for I'm a celeb 
3 things are certain in life...
Death
Taxes

Can't believe my lecturer actually gives out cookies to anyone who spots a mistake on the board 
Good tough game yesterday for the local derby 
ARFCs ugliest ever front row!
Jealousy is such a bitch 
Ohh bless you, you’re so kind. I WAS a tongue tied mess 
Derek Jacobi's favourite thing about Kenneth Branagh? That he employs him 
new vlog
we brought snow to California
$11,000 of it 
vlog’s have been crazy lately 
 indeed!! 
Tell me about it!! There were some kittens on CH5 which did help some thou! 
What are thoseeeee 
A potato thief! Thanks to 
The ultimate horseman - 
Duel Gr1 winning jockey Oisin Murphy before his 1st ride in UK. Using his passport to get across toll bridge into wales 
Albatross of the Year Award went to Nicky Henderson 
He’s lost a boot
Never work with animals, children AND 
: "I don't think I ever swapped shirts with any player"


Loud 
"He slapped me around the head and said Craig Bellamy's been talking about you..." 
“I once thought I was being haunted by a ghost Chihuahua, she would come into my room at night and she wouldn’t stop barking at me! But it turned out that my mom just got a Chihuahua and didn’t tell us.” – Ms. Feldman 
 Now we know what Ms.Snap does on the weekends 
... I think
When your 3 year old children decorate your tree 
Hahah!!! Maybe you can tell our 
.. Sorry I couldn't help myself
Great entertainment from 
Can't believe you smashed them baubles in John Lewis though 
Whyyyy did no one tell me it was tonight 
Dying. Her little angry face 
 seriously would like to know what I was doing!!
Who's that idiot in the background 
After a wonderful night of music from 
When your twin sister joins your club...
Just watched snatched on BT(recommend by Tamer Hassan) Hassan and Scott are great it in,everyone is..one of the best things I have watched in years..Hassan falling in the skip is comedy gold..
Good 3 points on the road. Enjoyed being back at Watford much more than last year! Don’t even think about it, 
Running naked when you forgot your towel 
Little beasts 
Physio can't decide if the new lump I have on my wrist is related to my broken elbow or just a completely different problem. 
Had to explain how I broke my elbow so many times now, that I only have to type 'hit' and it will automatically predict 'hit a child 
Not long now...
Can you see me in the 
Too much sauce 
Steep approach 
Been a fan a full 2 weeks now. Going great 
How are you enjoying 
The only pointless team tonight is 
Mike Parry’s trending... 

it’s time for this..
Well.... 
My girlfriend supports me in everything.. but supporting the decision to take these pictures?
"How do you practice for a Major"
Cam: " aww mate, I take a bin and chuck a few balls into it from different yardages" 
Out watching the 
Axel always got my back 
 some of these “talking heads are hilarious!!
This is the new era of b-ball! I’m not hating, just saying, that’s a layup for 2 points, instead it’s a 1 on 1 three point shot. 
Watching Baker after OU scores a touchdown is a highlight of every game 
We could watch Marshawn react to Bellator knockouts forever 
You gotta love runners being hosed from the outfield 
Paige has got Bullets full attention with that tweet.  
Shit is hilarious how she blaming him 
It was only a matter of time 
Why are you grabbing his neck like that tho? 
Took an order for 144 kegs today. My dad’s still adamant there’s not much market for keg beer 
Repost 
 sorry intention wo nahi tha 
thank you
 thank you so much 
hahahs 
Why he screaming?
Me and 
We have no details on this 8 second clip, but it's amazing 
“
So I had a patient named Shadow today. I moved her briefly so that I could sort out her bed post surgery. When a staff member asked 'where is Shadow?' I remembered Bear in the Big Blue House... Where oh where oh where is Shadow??!! 
 love it!
Peek a boo, 
No toy show here
Spurs fans singing "She's getting fucked in the jungle" to Jamie Vardy last night. 
So in this article (
so excited to join 
Kutamalife in the Djbox
I just tried your 
Postcard from my present! 
We’ll see Andrea 
Loves a face time 
Manchester markets with 
Theo Fadge 
Happy 40th birthday 
 Help me, I can't stop laughing at this.
I just want to give 
Introducing...

McMAN & BEVVYMAN 

Ally and Alan discuss what life would be like if they were superheroes 
“I want to see them have good games”

England will have support from an unlikely source at the World Cup in the summer... unless they reach the final 
Alan should know that Jesper is Danish rather than Dutch... he played with him at Man United 
Would you be able 
When your manager sends you Christmas videos on WhatsApp 
We are so photogenic 
Cooper and Luke just got sent this 
 got us literally protecting the goal 
I'm only recovered now from Friday night 
Just wrote a tweet about 
How many Alex's can you fit on 
I have the best timing! Just left for the studio and our kitchen got ripped out today 
Wait for it...
This is lit 
When the DJ announces that he has lost and found keys, 97% of the revelers check their pockets.
Because every second you are urinating on Twitter & your urine flows through our timelines 
"It's moving! It's moving! I'm scared!" 
Who send am message? 
 Come to 
I'd honestly laugh if I did 
ONLY IN LONDON 
You caught that 
We are partying on behalf of the twins 
If you know, you know... Mad ting! 
Funday Friday 
Hey guys! We just posted our video on our YouTube channel
Somebody getting belna today 
The best thing to come home to after a long, hard day at work (even if I did burst into tears with happiness when I saw it
Not bad for a guy who doesn't do trees.... 
Floss has the patience of a saint, she puts up with some crap from Kim 
Dads away today but before he left gave me his bike key for the rest of the day because he has heated handle bars!! It's the little things 
Went to bed early ahead of livescot tomorrow and here I am still on twitter because I can't sleep too excited 
Honestly they are in season! 
yeah too right he'll steal the show!!! Very much looking forward to seeing ya smiling face on this me old pal 'Jovial George' 
I have so many Xbox games to install 
wtf is that name 
SMOKE GRENADES HAVE A WHOLE NEW MEANING!

Ladies from 
Who needs me when there’s RoboGuo? Not even me! 
When you accidentally photobomb the people in fronts selfie at 
 member continuing to get the Nearly Immortal trophy on 7 Days To Die by surviving for 1250 minutes with no deaths.

I failed once, but never again! (I hope) 
Great Fun playing with 
What a fight. I'd say 
Who'd like to see Holloway-McGregor run back? Something tells me that LW picture is going to become even more of a mess in the near future
Joe Rogan is loving watching the replays of NGannou's KO 
48 vinyl titles on sale for the next 48hrs you say 
Hotshotgg, Saintvicious, Elementz, Chauster, Bigfatlp, Kobe, Link, Nien, Doublelift, Aphro.... The list goes on, but it's crazy to me that I somehow ended up being the most veteran player on CLG when I always saw the team as the most OG. Too used to being the rookie on the team
Only song I like off Views still is Redemption classic simp Drake 
Rage? RAGE! What makes 
I thought there was NO LINES Online for 
What you gon do December 5th 
THESE SUBWAY COOKIES WAS TOO FUCKING GOOD 
We were perusing our photos from earlier this season and guess what we found? The back cover of "Sgt. Pepper's Lonely Hearts Club Band" 
It's crazy how this whole video about me.. Had Angrybird playing on my account.. I only played against the Guile and The Urien, the rest is all Angrybird playing 
I'm biased, but I want to say Joker.

Joker is just pure evil, kills people for fun, doesn't want to rule the world or anything... Just wants to have fun.. On the expense of people's lives 
Asia seems better 
"OK....wait....parry?" - 
New emote btw 
Today is my first day at a Target door buster sale for Black Friday, glad i brought my shoulder pads lol! Let's see what the hype is all about 
It's interesting to play Zangief in 3 different street fighter games in the same tournament 
Omg I just realized shizuku wears Calvin Klein 
Oops I did it again... 
Can't wait for the 
This was at AoD '17 (Mid March) but I totally forgot to post this till now  
This is the best video you will see all day 
I just realized i totally forgot to post pictures of my halloween look 
I was gunna wear my vampy wings but i forgot I needed to fix them 
While ‘To my side’ is unplayable now, it only takes one broken card that also requires your deck to have no minions in order to see play. Would be hilarious if Blizzard planned revealing the bad card first and then making it playable with the other card to troll reddit 
Definitely one of my better crashes at the famous 
That's what I call 'team spirit'! Great support from 
I missed this so much 
Just imagine Shurmia running down this hallway full sprint. 
Fire alarm just went off in our hotel this morning and i open the door and I see 
Quite impressed by my 14 hours sleep last night.. new personal record 
LMFAO carta goes. I have a banger of a tweet and this is what he does 
Shhhh I’m tryna snipe 
If we win Sweden I'm 100% getting first class home 
Back on twitter since 2014 
Haha 
Fitbit thinks my last 3+ hour stint was 50 flights of stairs... 
When you read your tweets from 4 years ago 
Oh yeah, and it's not all about the cars 
Not 1, not 2... but 3 points! And 4 goals! Big one tonight for the lads! Next up Red Bull's PDL team 
 to that time 
Only 23 sleeps left until Christmas morning! RT if you're done decorating, favourite if you're like me and put it off until the last minute 
 I'm bout to get into acting cuh!!!
We go crazy up here Dawg! 
Really thought we had a chance for the win until the safety car. Anyway, happy for this guy! @Nirei0124. Not a hobby driver anymore! 
Happy beard cutting 
Shopping 
Must be frustrating for Mclaren but this timing is brilliant
If the race was $10,000 to win and you were running 2nd behind your best friend, how hard would you turn them into the infield? 
 can I assume we are also talking about 
Problem solved 
We’ve seen a couple poop your pants incidents but no shame. You’re racing, own it. It happens
Love recycling.  
I'm sober now.... so it was all your fault 
Jesus hammaglamma ..with his ketchup jumper 
Haha we havent changed a bit 
Good to see the training is working - average 85bpm throughout the 50km Nambucca rally stage at 
oconnor.sinead getting me pumped for work at Porsche Experience Center today! 
Loving all these 
I'm well up for that! Though don't think you'll need to tie my arm back 
When your dad messages you on what's app and your first reaction is how does he know about this technology 
I was also emailed at 6:55 
Random question: for my 
 myself and 
So I had spiced rum for the first time last night, I think I’ve found a new favourite (and also feel like a pirate) 
I love this more than words can say 
Here again! You only have until (Melvin Ferd) the 3rd of December to see 
What he said! Do it! Do it! Do it! An hour that will make it all clearer ....whilst gently confusing the hell out of you!
I've been to Miami three times and didn't do all that 
When you learn you're not an only child anymore! 
Are we the only library in the Country to have been visited by a Shopping Trolley Dance Display Team today ? 
The cake needs slightly longer in the oven! 
This moment was just too beautiful for words, 
They’d have a hard job in our office 
Typical that 
Drew my boy Frank from Always Sunny 
Excitement levels for DVD release day?! 
Won 3 from End 
I just got money taken out of my account so either that or I just got robbed 
st Patrick's parade was successful 
 jheeeze guess who's back, back again. Molly's back tell a friend 
started prison break so I'll have even less of a life now 
Feel so disabled with my knee brace 
totally oblivious to the fact that james franco and seth rogan are in this bar 
"Toronto-based "Weather"-man Adrian Underhill is now part of my forecast for the foreseeable future." LOL 
wen a girl can be soo pretty that her fart prolly smell pretty too
i dont think i changed nd if i did change its probably my underwear
halsey is in the happy sad emo fam too 
Really looking forward to playing the iconic 
British GT3 Drivers Champion, British GT Pro-Am Champion and Blancpain Gentleman driver of the year....just sayin'! 
Right before Rog lovingly gave me the bird during the Drum Battle 
Looking forward to seeing old friends today 
Chris Coleman is doing a radio phone in for fans to ask questions. Some fella just called in....”no questions really, just rang for a chat.....I’ve been on the cans” 
Clients got me giving them wake up calls before their appointments I swear other docs don’t do this 
And I'm not bad at injecting either 
Not the world? Or England? Ok at least give me London 
When u see a guy leaving the party u just DJ'd  on his bicycle.... bouncing off walls 
Sleepy as f*ck but go on then.... one more episode 
Followed this

I laughed too 
I’m still in shock myself 
I’ve had some interesting moments with The Rock on twitter. Remember this from 2015? 
Good Mornin! Monday! Before u start your week please 
Popped into 
Hahha 
had a dream i met beyonce & jay and i accidentally stepped on jay shoestring & he asked me to tie it back up and i cldn’t do it fast enough. then beyonce & her butch queens was looking at me talking shit like i was becky. she didn’t like me cuz i was super geeked to meet jay. 
Las Vegas…you're about to get Bodyguarded 
Nigerian Special anti robbery squad is everywhere but in a robbery crime scene .. 
I had to pass a golf ball sized clot instead 
she fell asleep during her bath 
Now you apart of water solves everything twitter 
If you're not reading every freaking tweet by 
Goes out to a few people, that constantly asking me if my tweets are about them
@rebecca_larder 
Just called a woman to tell her she’d won a prize and she was halfway through a 
I just don’t get it. Why pay all that money for a ticket if you can’t tear yourself away from Facebook for the length of one show? And then clap and cheer at the end like you saw it all when we all know you didn’t 
"Bob is my constituent now" IS a read 
Funny Man Francis is back! 
About to do something super fun for this 
Beardo Strike! 
Greg’s gone viral! 
The greatest response to a troll 
 Everyday Hero, New World IPA. 4.7% Hoppy, bitter and bloody refreshing! I’ve got the beard but not the cape 
Starting our very own ice-cream series. First one out...Yeast flavor! 
Correcting Thurs night  
Local lad 
We can't see 
Flippin' best birthday ever. Get to do my 2 fave things. Radio & Swimming. (Yeah my girlfriend took me swimming 
The real question is who’s team up with Beyoncé is better? J Balvin or Ed? 
We’ve all got a mate with a pet eel right? 
Just in case I forget anyone on the insane 
Dale has become one of favorite words ever since I visited Cuba. 
Even when I’m ill this sort of shit cracks me up 
Just booked our tickets to Winter Wonderland this year. Competitive dad won’t be leaving without a giant teddy!! 
These arrived today. Anyone heard of this brewery? 
Catch MA1 at 
Happy Friday 
Wait for it......
 - it's gonna be ill!
Totally 
She went and did it 
My fights done now. What u sayin 
Just tried it... it works on a Tuesday morning too 
Once there was a lion and a monkey, and the monkey said ‘I can make the weather change....’ 
Hehe 
All of my girls....can we have a 
Damn 
Berlin Tonight @ Griessmühle

I say tonight, the rave starts tonight (Friday) @ midnight

My set time is Saturday 4pm - 7pm 

Long haul 
Happy Sunday y’all  
When u ate to much and u in the casket 
Guys going on about poppies and Britain's sacrifice during WWII, then heading over to join fascists and white nationalists for a knees up.

It's really quite funny when you think about it. It's as if it was all for nothing. 
Love how the speed on the new 
Pretty much sums up the end of tonight 
Pretty much sums up 
Awwww, its like our anniversary 
Bummed I couldn't be there in person but sounds like there wouldn't have been much to photo 
Only in Glasgow

Federer hits a drop shot...

“Gonnae no dae that” 


I have two Olympic Gold medals, 
Not sure about the bandana but your grunt is definitely ATP level 
YES! Amazing! 
It's all just left me 
OK fine! Because we love you we made 
Laughed and cried (while putting on gig-face - not ideal
Great night in a great venue with great company, great artists and great songs.  Did I mention it was great???? 
I love him. But my dog is a jerk. Don't be fooled by this face. He's just been hassling me for like an hour 
They finessed my nmd’s tho, remember 
Your avi is so you 
Another successful brewery tour complete 
WELCOME TO HELL. 
Wagnerites complaining that Semiramide is too long...
This blog made me laugh out loud!  From Roald Dahl to Cold Dal! 
Who wore it best? Me, or the sofa 
 when your brother has the car
Seeing that new mickey mouse snapchat filter made me jump all around the room like a 5-year-old kid 
Absolutely ridiculous Super Mario Odyssey one 
No Diet plan anytime soon fellas !! Enjoy F**king up your New Year resolution 
My first thought... “Michael” 
Who can relate? 
Saturday nights in Glasgow producing yet again
I put Dalston Superstore into uber last night... needless to say TESCO in Dalston Junction wasn’t what I was expecting. 
Me as Kim Condashian-Wurst was a hot mess Saturday night at 
...Burn
Last week double-unders clicked...AND NOW BUTTERFLY IS COMING! Hahaha join the cult 
Megs for daysssss by 
Forgotten how good 
Hear my comments & watch 
I feel like we’re giving you Charlie’s Angels realness... like the Destinys Child of bobsled.. and I’m Beyoncé. Lol don’t argue me on this 
 I think the best one out. Nailed it young fella
And saying: lock his ASS up. 
The Panama ball boy did everything in his power to get his country to the World Cup last night 
Even Beetle Juice is feeling the love & inspiration in our new tees! 
RT if 
i felt this in my soul, that's really how it be 
To be honest, I didn't really expect this tweet to pop off, my work in  progresses seem to get more exposure than the final piece 
Grateful for this 
 jersey swaps are serious business for 
Been on repeat for the longest 
With pain comes great wisdom | One thing I learn from this whole situation through all BS you have to 
RT if Laugh Now, Fly Later is still on repeat 
You are not the "FATHER" 
Andrew Cabezas took part in the 15-second challenge. His category was trees.

It didn’t go so well... 
Caption this 
One of my favorite parts of the podcast with Jaylen Brown: Quick message to fans who think they can go 1-on-1 with NBA players 
Gotta love Boston Fans lol...nickname suggestions?? 
These bitches b outta pocket 
Yal go support my sis Elsie!! You can look her up in the dictionary under the word AMAZING!
 your video with the water had me dieing
 Yoo yalll made it to 2Chains snap lool
Man don’t tweet me no nonsense like this. You know wsp with me 
It’s ova wit..I’m bout to average 40
One of my favorite memories in baseball 
One of the funniest moments I’ve ever had in baseball
best costume i seen 
SUPERMAN LIVES! 
That time 
"They're gonna lower my speed on 
It's only right 
That pre hair cut/dye anxiety... cutting my hair for the first time in probably a year. Needed that length for the wedding 
My favorite wedding picture changes on the daily 
LEVELS of disrespect 
RiRi herself bout the only one can get me to 6th St
chill 
The funniest video on the internet right now 
i definitely called it 
Bodak Yellow got the Eagles RBs going crazy 
 gotta love lil brothers
Lol i know them cougs tired of that siren by now 
Not much happened yesterday ... Just my daughter’s gold for 
AMAZING: 
Good morning beautiful people... Here's a story about Troy Polamalu ruining my life 
I regret to inform you that the punter is at one point completely parallel to earth 
I keep checking my phone. I forgot no one texts me 
“One of your main homeboys just turned snitch, all y’all in trouble” - 
 "Flynn was closer to Trump than Melania".   The best line of the night 
Caption this ... 
Oh I should mention-- this is a page from Lucky Penny, our book which was published by 
"How do I find out my Twitter?" - 
This is a peculiar cleaning service. Still, 10/10 would hire 
If your bored at 10pm tonight tune in to 
Big thank you to Ross and his team at Withdean Sports Complex 
Update from 
When the fiction catches up the reality . I'm Watford manager and Everton want me 
Really happy to have signed for another year! Fingers crossed for a few wickets not caught on the boundary next season 
Accounting lessons with 
Who knew 
Umm... 
Come on mate, don't take it personally 
Retweet if you're happy to be Canadian 
 dang D Will now the mustache will go can’t wait to watch 
My youngest wants Mikey’s jersey.... his hair style and colour 
Nerves got too bad 
Comment what it looks like I do for a living
When the tiredness hits you 
This killed me! 
LMFAO!! 
WATCH "Tiny House Hunters: Intervention" 
Shoot around for a 130pm game 
This makes me evaluate why we’re best friends 
Seen someone selling this on Facebook the other day
When life knocks me on my ass this how I'm getting back up bruh 
So these rumours about JayZ cheating on Beyoncé are true. That’s it, I’m giving up now to save the heartache. Single life for me forever 
Hahah, tell me how does buskud grow on tree?? 
Clearly a stock image??! I'm now modelling, not a career path I planned!
 classic
Happy birthday to u slip... nuff drinks in the hut  
 Dear John, please don't ignore the bit about the added 1.4 trillion to the deficit. Sincerely, Isha

{Received on WhatsApp}
This man is about to launch himself in his homemade rocket to prove the Earth is flat.
Leigh Boulton this is actually you 
Yes it’s almost as if he should be more famous with an autograph like that....  
Soundtrack to work today is 
I’m actually crying laughing at the cracker item on 
They got the toast there on time?
Had the best night 
A not at all bias or sour graped review/attack by 
Enjoyed it mate.. perfect face for the radio! 
Ffs mate get your own celebration 
Classic McLaren gag. 
The Sun sells 1.6m copies a day.
Daily Mail sells 1.5m. 
Guardian sells.... 156k. 

If they're losing, Owen - what the hell's happening to you lot?  
The technical way of checking if the runway is frozen...have 
Still mates with this guy despite his club loyalties 
We found something very funny but not sure what 
Netball fun 
Legit crying at Alan 
When whatsapp is down everyone panics lol normal text is ok too 
The Pop-mobile got the best upgrade ever.

We must have missed this episode of 'Pimp My Ride'. 
 Brb, pivoting 
When ransomware guys provide better customer support than most companies 
I think team 
Looking forward to this as you may know now 
Just had a convo with my teen thru the 
When your pet knows you bought a 
She cracks me all the way up! 
How 'bout them birds last night? 
And look what I leave behind for the Celts on my way out #1 pick
Pretty sure this was the last time we hugged without it being in some sort of wrestling move! 
 This is why Wolves fans are some of the best in the hockey world! Hang in there Jim, I'm sure they'll turn things around! 
Lol 
I’m rolling 
I just hope to be as good of a friend as this dude is 
Attn Hypebeasts: there’s so many pairs it’s not even a hype shoe. Just do us little guys a favor and close the laptop and enjoy a Saturday for once! 
Letting 
HAHAHA!!! She got me! I got her 
Giannis and Thanasis Antetokounmpo do the 
Gutsy day from 
 get your bro man 
Jimmie Sherfy, 
Bruh I will never not die laughing 
The TD may have not counted but the shot will live forever 
I'm the wrong dude to ask 
The bobsled 
"It's a little out of control but... it's a part of who I am!" - 
Seth Brown led our team in a lot of stats this year... but our favorite? “Most Dugout Hugs” 
Made a start at the new “unofficial” music vid for 
What do you think to our cheeky Sunday cover of 
Great usage of the bobble head Johnny... *Thanksgiving table decor! I hope it doesn’t scare Grandma 
The Crawford huskies are natural models. Link in Bio 
Everybody wanna be from FL, i swear
Whenever a girl say “You think you cute” that means she think you cute 
 that was for you boosie 
I make nice R&B mannn wish u could hear this 
My BM outta pocket tho, cause she tried to send me the pic like she was innocent 
Bruh the internet is sooo funny 
Then i look at my bank Account 
Mood:
That would be insane 
Technology amazes me, just had 
It’s rivalry week. 
That’s a handsome man on my TV screen right now 
This tweet is fucking hilarious I’m crying right now 
Peninä pre order is now live!

Head over to 
Film don’t lie
Lil kids these days so wavy 
Was on the swings at the playground will the guys was playing football! 
What's Poppin'?! 
Whatever sports use these getting mad commits 
Caption game dumb elite! 
Right 
This man 
You goofy bro! 
Still laughing from 
 watch homie in the blue
Haha knew I
This is hilarious
Any fans wanna sleep over my place? Have like a movie night and shit 
i got to interview fab & jada about pharrell having to convince them to record "young'n" and "knock yourself out" 
Every time you hear this song you just know niggas wilding 
Last few days of my 20s and I can feel the impending existential crisis 
Buying a card for a bachelorette party & i thought the tab said "engagement" but I was wrong 
I’m on the floor! 
When you're trying to do a postgame interview but LeBron is watching the Buckeyes 
Na na na. Hey Hey Hey....Goodbye!! 
How many SEC championships do you have? I never beat Bama, but I have 2! I don’t think you have any! 
Sitting back watching the national media guys be played like a fiddle... 
Just finished filming my face reveal video. While I work on editing it, you can stare at this bokehlicious pic straight out of the Lumix G7 
YouTube temporarily demonetized my Kahoot spam video, then remonetized it. Why? 
 interviews 
This is old news 
We stole your pic 
 remember this
Supported 
The best camp in the west just got even better! 3 more coaching staffs added to the line up 
What the fans need
When your friends peer pressure you 
“Your knowledge of Rwanda’s history is as abundant as the lakes of the Sahara Desert” 
After being stuffed to the brim 
What she has to put up with to get me to take a serious picture 
Beautiful trip in the rearview lens
Back to Training - Looking to baptize ppl on Sundays 
Riding foreign whips wherever I go 
This ain’t no UPSET it’s reality. 
I am half Filipino & the accuracy that this video portrays is JOKES !!!!! Only Pinoy people will understand the crude love from their relatives on a daily basis, not just holidays 
If you're not a 
3. Tig got her sense of humor from her mom. Needless to say, I got mine from TV. This photo is my childhood in a nutshell 
2. The day they met, on camera, in front of hundreds of strangers is also the day my grandma decided she'd take custody of me. And I wasn't even conceived yet. 
Everyone is laughing at Mourinho when he's just been paid more to be sacked than any of us will ever earn in our lives 
minipuzzle 01/12 
My CSS is now 24 seconds a length...can't see that happening anytime soon! 
Teaching history  - ‘Richard Arkwright would host parties and that would keep his workers sober for the rest of the year... You know what sober means?’ Tuition kid responds - “Sure it’s like a fruit ice cream... oh wait that’s sorbet.” 
people always ask me “chris is your dad kenyan?” and i tell them yes every time 
I love Bristol 
Sitting in a half empty mway service station. Dozens of empty seats... and I’ve just had to stick my hand out to avoid being sat on !!! 
When your daughter’s predictive text takes over 
Two people getting married and causing quite a stir. But this is worth looking at for the responses it’s garnered 
When your husband reads the diabetic jam label after he’s eaten half a jar !!! 
Thank you to my lovely agents 
Our incredible FOH Management team are currently prepping for 
coming home to watch 
Just another day at Rockland!
Pretty sure 
Don't know about the legend part, but I love me some Air Max indeed 
Stanley is our spirit animal. Sleeping while everyone else works out 
When Dennis Wise signed my shirt all those years ago, I never thought I'd be watching him on a see saw on my television years later 
Great spelling 
When your best pal gets into a relationship but you're not willing enough to let them go
Admit it, you’ve tried to balance the light switch right in the middle at least once in your life
Shame his sons a cockwomble 
 happy birthday bruv!! Hope you have as much fun as you are here 
I promise I love this little kid 
The new Thor film is one of the funniest films I've seen this year. That end scene... 
First time Ieuan has seen a snap chat filter 
"When will it get cold" "when will it rain" "when will it snow" "my dad said it's gonna snow is it gonna snow" 
Follow the hilarious delivery man from this week's episode 5 
That was THE. BEST. LAUGH. 
Just when you thought 
PSA: 
We think it’s the greatest accent of them all. Santa however... 
 Gold
Somehow survived ice skating and an interesting adventure through the fun house 
So, who's excited for the walk? 
Could you imagine the clean up he could do to our political system...one congressman, one senator, one public official at a time 
Not touching that one with a 10-foot-pole. 
It's important to have friends who will 'lift you up' during good times and bad. We're happy to see that 
I am honored...can’t make this stuff up! 
The best 
Mover goes to pick up a large bin labeled 'CRAFTS' and realizes it's super heavy.
"What are you making? Bricks?" 
Tis the Season for Holiday Shenanigans with Deputies 
She's a REBEL. She don't need no ID. 
Well, it seems Charles is not in charge this time. ~ 
Look who else has a Weed Smoking Sweater. 
Did this stoner just ask his friend to call 911 to make sure that Deputy Loeb and Detective Harmon were the REAL police? 
'That's what everyone says, it's not my car'? ~ Deputy Rebecca Loeb 
Stoners are funny. 
He 'Pinky Promises' to go to court. 
This guy in Spokane. 
Kyrie and Booker still going at it after the halftime buzzer 
same mace 
Bruh I literally got tripped and kicked in the head 
crazy how coaches can leave whenever they please, but when a player wants to transfer they want to take a year of eligibility away
Petty. 
I can't wait to be old for the simple fact that I will be able to be brutally honest without people being able to say anything back 
Where he’s going. He’ll have a clearance, to the mail room, kitchen,license plates shop or the fields. Come and go as you please. 
Flynn prob walked in like I ain’t telling you S***. Mueller you’re looking at 25-40 yrs, he told me to do it. 
Tell them don’t worry both pests and occupants won’t occupy WH much longer. 
I swear this me
My mom seeing my nose piercing for the first time 
Why is she only 15 months tho 
 2 many fi mention. Mi deejay from long. 1st verse wit lil John "is it a toilet inna yuh mouth or did somebody jus tek ah dump inna yuh mouth" 
He's got jokes! 
Ladies if a athlete take his time out the day to give you attention appreciate that .. Cause we be busy 24/7 
When your first ever YouTube collab is with your role model 
It’ll be national girlfriend day next week and national dog day a week later. Then boyfriend day will be back around for 3rd time this year
Somebody needs to get 
just a little, you bout right ! 
 When You Mad Before ThanksGiving Dinner!
Roll who
Just to be clear on item #3- I don’t eat dog food...
I cooked up a prank on Jamie at lunch today. Unlike him to be speechless! 


FUNNIEST TWEET OF THE YEAR (epic runner-up) 

Hubs & I laughed ourselves to tears!
Never forget Shaun White saving his ass when he was 19 
 no the ting go topping iTunes 
 yes same number . All of
Tlisa ice cream 
 bruuuuh
 Comedy Show...
Some South Africans are enemies of good things ey... imagine having 68k people in your hip hop concert but they still criticising 
Confidence of a cobra 
I'm happy too 
This Kaizer Chiefs fan is a legend 
The guys from 
whaaaaaaat
Sitting at home realizing tomorrow is Monday... 
Just in case you forgot about this one. 
RETWEET if you have this song stuck in your head now. 
The softer side of 
Nice Early walk for PD Axel, think his tongue is broken though!! 
Gosh 'Blues & Twos'  
 on my face 
Everyone who sees her searching or out always asks if she ever stops and settles down... errr  
PD Blade's van today 
PCSO home time....apparently it's fashionable! ! 
Baby Spider Xan 
Ref got caught up 
If you know you KNOW 
I’m game fun barn is life 
Getting distracted with snapchat while shooting the new book of 
Watched 
FIRST 2 SHOWS AT @gothamcomedyclub TONIGHT at 8p & 10p! Come! 
Behemoth just going down with the pit 
Shoutout to the 
Saw this and thought of you immediately 
WINNER: Tweet of the day. 
Last ones the best 
 laughing way too hard at this!!!
I’m sorry but Ant’s rehab patter to Dec on I’m A Celeb was class 
Spurs greeting about Mike Dean’s performance in a North London derby is comical 
WHO REMEMBERS ?!
More brilliant content from 
Polis involved as Austin MacPhee now sent to stand after a rammy. Quiet afternoon in the capital 
Buff ...
Welcome to my 
Yesterday cast my mind back to similar wobbles the Millennium Champions team had.

Mind Scrimmy throwing one in around this time of year as we lost at home to Ayr & also remember drawing 0-0 with Clydebank a week after beating them 8-0 
First time I’ve ever seen eye to eye with Michelle  
Unicorns are real or is it actually Aonghus McGhrianna in disguise?!
Unicorns are real or is it actually Aonghus McGhrianna in disguise 
Amazing  
Hottest chicken wing challenge in the world Now on 
Forever eating 
When you promise yourself you won't go crazy with Christmas decorations this year....and then this happens 
The countdown is on...only 8 more sleeps to go! We can't wait 
Percy's just broke twitter!
'He's not finished, he's 28'

Greatest phone in ever 
If there's 1 reason that makes me stay on twitter it's the mass panic that ensues and conspiracy theories that are discussed when presenting percy runs! 
QUALITY: Lee Sharpe's story of Sir Alex Ferguson after Eric Cantona's red card vs Crystal Palace. 
He's a man with simple tastes is 
That’s how Kendrick Carmuche 
No way! 
 I can’t watch Christy on the Late late I’m howling 
Tonight’s presenters 
Walking with a friend
can reduce stress… unless that friend stresses you out. 
And thank you to the photographer for those epic pictures 
 all we need now is a bus to get on 
major distraction !
ok then, bang it out there!
It certainly shows
blimey. RT 
So Bertie said Jeremy Corbyn is 'bonkers'? We are just about emerging from the disastrous, unregulated 10-year hole you dug us - but Corbyn is 'bonkers'.  Thank you for your contribution - but we can do without you 'standing on the sidelines, cribbing and moaning' 
relationship goals 
QUALITY: 
But it's real if you leave a message. 
What do people do on Saturdays when they're not gigging or away?? Asking for a friend.
Some fella just took minus £6000 on the chase. I'd bash him if he was on my team
Christina couldn’t wait till tonight to celebrate the 6 month anniversary 
A heart shaped 
We're not sure about that last one! 
Too cute eh! I definitely dont look as cute when I sneeze though!!!

Great experience at the 
Fab evening at 
Yep, that's right Brexiters. A nation of people tweeting about angel pillows, a child milking a toy cow & a man dressed as a lobster - with none of their kids in bed come midnight, holds the key to your EU negotiations.  
Spent the morning trying to learn how to use 
“It’s cold out there again now”
It’s 12 degrees in late November! Clearly the inhabitants of belleek expect tropical weather 
"Hello I've got a parcel for your next door neighbour" 
Great hopefully they will still have a few for me then 
Took the tree down I'm 
Back to washing pots at mtk, that doesn't even make sense ya stupid cunt 
 well if that's true I like him
Anyone buy an overpriced advent calendar this year? 
Ordered a side of 

True story!


I have literally never laughed so hard at a thread, and I mean literally, not figuratively. 
Sure hope that's my shadow!!! Hahah
Wetumpka is winning the championship. Them boys are blowing everybody out by at least 20 every game 
Came in full speed
Now here's a use for 
 Looks like we may have made the list! 
As you can see race car drivers and basketball players have a very small height difference
No better feeling then getting your car door finally open after locking your keys inside
I mean who hasn’t wanted to do this at 3:00 am at some point in their lives?
Tag a friend who would do this to you! 
These guys filmed their recruitment video on Halloween 
 ghwait. We are sorry for that
Well, at least they're honest 
Very true skrrrttt 
Lol people come on here literally to argue 
The fact that it is December 1st, and I still feel like I’m back in August. BB you messed me up 
Kill them with kindness. I’m trying real hard not to be reactive. But my boxing classes are not working 
Dan...what is wrong with you??? 
I love when people tell me how non- committed Martin and I are to eachother because we’re not married! As if you would know. 
Rode in the victory lap with 
Flashback to Xgames 2013. When U have a crew but no passes. But one in ur crew is like a hacker. 
My bag always tops over. Thank God there are straps I guess 
When you see your haters! 
 find people in life who are as crazy as you are! These throwback songs r fire thooo lol 
Auditioning: Part 1
 When Your Girl & Baby Mama Try To Be Cool!
When Your BabyMama Boyfriend Keep Threatning You
 When Your Baby Mama Trying To Take Your Son For Thanksgiving!
BLOOPERS: When The 90’s Playlist is Fire 
BLOOPERS: When The 90’s Playlist is Fire
When Your Friend Can Do Nothing Right
When Your BabyMama Get With Your Friend From Jail
When Your Girlfriend Calls Your BabyMama
 When Your BabyMama Think You Made It!
Vent Vlogging: Gay or Not: 
 When Your Baby Mama Don’t Take Nothing Serious!
Vent Vlogging: Recycle Selfies
When Your BabyMama Got You Beat Up
When Your Friend Curses Too Much
When Your BabyMama Too Close Too Your Friend
 When Your Baby Mama Want Something!
This is hilarious. Trump's motorcade arriving in West Palm Beach. Wait for it.... 
This dude 
Thank you all SO much for coming out tonight! We had an AMAZING time playing 
Just rolled the library stamps to 2018. Yes, we still stamp books 
when ur opponent think they gonna win but they lose 
i ordered a record on vinyl and it came with a cd i have no way of playing 
Sorry I got caught up watching Josh’s stream, maybe we should plan our stre times better 
Hey, cosplayers: apparently, you can buy the jacket? 
 at Coach Moore.  He has the toughest pregame job trying to hold them back until the Bell rings.  Once it rings he has to run for his life.
Girl, u been waiting all fall for a day cold enuf to wear those
OMG I love this 
Now that moment lives on in infamy! Thanks Cameron... I think.
Big Poppa Gibbs 
where can i find the cheesiest 2 hour 2017 house pop mix? 
Do you ever sit in the studio and make an amazing melody and you are like damn this is a hit and then it hits you..Maybe this melody exist already 
BRILLIANT: How to enter the pitch in style. 
 Brilliant!!
Tastes like WOMIT 
These captions are just priceless 
I’ve cleaned so vigorously that I actually feel sick 
I just tried 
 someone get their mans
"I will NOT adopt a child in Skyrim, fuck that shit" - 
 I most definitely don’t mind waiting, but I thought this was funny asf 
one minute left of my birthday. where u at 
 looks like 15 but his voice sounds like 30 
Generally I love people when they are drunk. Their lack of rhythm just tickles me 
Last night was too awesome
Riddim isnt my favorite but its really fuckin fun to make 
I couldn’t let him dunk at my house
COACH! 
I used to dust niggas on this shit. Flipped my paper over loud as shit so you knew it was real. 
Goal achieved: ride Millenium Force at Cedar Point with eyes closed and a straight face
 yeaaaa coach.
"Can I just say good job on pushing Mr Nightingale out the window"

Creasing up at Prince 
Really ignut
This how u end a nigga 2K career 
He shut her up real quick! 
On a game-winner? Disrespectful 
Awesome Grrrrooooveyyy track called Over When I'm Sober by 
This guys dream 
Can hear him actually saying that to Harry. 

You Wouldn't Stand A Chance Heckling 
Incredible Album which retains its place in my car audio play list 
Totally crying 
we love this 
Son dove for the touchdown 
Top 5 Interview in Sports History 
Y’all.. look at this chic-fil-a rap video 
What do you reckon 
Frank’s rocking a stylish new hat!! What do you reckon 
my fav person on campus goes to Ryan lmao “ciao*”
You didnt tell me you was wavy like that
I AM SCREAMING!!!! WHO DID THIS 
How many sausage can you eat in a minute????
Oooh I'll look it up! This is the finished piece, Street Spirit by Radiohead. You'll need to crack the code to play it! 
Great sketch of a bike shop 
I have no idea why this photo upside down makes me laugh. 
This was fun earlier.... 
We had to leg it back to Toxic after you guys finished so we didn’t miss our call time! 
If you need a dose of good ol' British humour, song and dance then go and see 
"I've never seen her like that before. She was shaking like a shitting dog." 
 - catch 
The annual 'Morrissey' fan club meeting is happening tonight 
It's all kicking off in the new series of Would I Lie To You? 
Same here 
Very different adverts before 
these look cool uncle lloydie 
Imma eat all the cased meats 
My nasty little 
I love that so many friends have tagged me in that video of the two bouncy Alaskan Malamute puppies video bc they know I'd love it 
Ava's photoshop skills 
Michael Oliver reenacting Gerrard? 
Eyelash done, harrrrr done 
My favorite video on the internet 
Aye! 5 yr old loving 
Uncanny resemblance Mr Lewis 
Outdoor Bingo with Year 5, A dash of thunder and lighting coming to say hi to the school on this wednesday afternoon!
Happy 1st of December! It's crazy how fast this year is going by. Did everyone remember to open day 1 of their 
 has a few 
I hope you feel better soon man. Recovery from what you went through I'm sure is not easy and most people would've just died. 
This Is Too True
 neighbour, name yo self!!!
Me, teaching Annie the good riffs. 
Different types of 
When your fiancé doesn't agree with your wedding plans... 
Rocking out with 
Brilliant sign on our printers door today when trying to collect our flyers for 
What a handsome bunch! 
Follow the link on the home page to email me if you will be wanting to order a copy of my album! (Or know anybody that does and isn't an internet guru! 
That’s a big bonus...non stop laughing from all the stories they have 
When you realise you went outside last night with your fly undone for the entire duration of the event... 
Here it is: 18 timpani lined up for today’s rehearsal! If you feel the earth shaking this week, don’t panic — it’s just us playing Berlioz’s Requiem. 
Not far behind you 
The comments. 
It’s matchday! Throwback to when Arsenal welcomed Robin van Persie back to the Emirates with a guard of honour 
 When you are happy, you enjoy the music. But, when you are sad you understand the lyrics.
For real you must run away as fast as you can before i do something stupid
On the first day of 
Personal music video should be made into a Tv series 
 Repost from 
Too much for 4 people? 
AND the outtakes 
The weirdest double act 
Decent banter 
Looking forward to YouTubeSpace's collab with 
Run again,you will win ! You are the closest thing by a country Mile to the UK's Trump ,imagine the EU after you win, 
 this is so true - when I moved up north it was ever so confusing 
 that traffic was sooooo poo!!! 
Kitty accidentally pressed the turbo button 
Tuesday is absolutely my favourite time of the week 
Best Christmas Ever!? I’m afraid not. We already did that last year 
Ohio State trolling Apple 
Very funny 
Girls Night Out! Love these ladies. After-hours mastermind 
Quick trip down south for cultivatetucson 
Are they talking about the good looking guy in the background in the pink bib? 
This is great 
You go Emily!!! 
We’re dropping our holiday album next week! 
Cowboys are winning and so am I 
Haha in the background of the Thursday Night Football crew on TV 
Hahahaha saw this on 
Had to help this old man out of the bowl last night..
Happy birthday to the best mid range shooter in the country
I just got kicked out of a fiji party for being “t chi loyal” 
 straight facts C. Young!! Lol u remember that convo?! lol
 I'm weak lmao
I really love my team 
Something I've learned in the 5 countries & 3 continents I've played in, every player complains to the refs don't matter where they from 
" No Kyle he is really sleep".. tell him  I see him smiling!! After 5min of this my trainer started cracking up 
I go in to my trainer minutes before practice to see how fast he can tape.. he just looks at me, points to his wrist, and shakes his head 
Happy G Day to my brotha man 
Happy bday to the first friend I’ve had, been my dude since before we could remember...literally 
Ever wonder what 
You are the best 
What are the funniest fake DJ names you’ve ever heard? I think 
Why didn’t he tell me my a$$ was all out! 
That made me laugh so hard!!!
 wonder how many guys will get this
I was on a tv show??? 
I love how I'm on a tv show but I don't really watch tv 
The Raiders honored 98-year-old Pearl Harbor survivor Mickey Ganitch before today's game & he was ready to get after a QB 
So true bruh
Gotta give a correction that’s Cattlemen’s Steakhouse in OKC not Cali. My fingers must have slipped. This phone is full of OKC food prints. 
"THAT'S A 50" 
"NASA announces plan to launch $700M into space" 
Wait for it...

...we can't wait to see CHEW at tomorrow's game! 
Okay fr this time bye y’all 
1. fellowship with the bruhz
2. have bible study with the bruhz
3. cook for the bruhz
4. clean chicken for the bruhz
 
You saw it here first, the next big dance craze "Get buckets" courtesy of 
YOOO IM ACTUALLY CRYING 
Dawg missed the bus, this shit so funny Bra I swear 
Reasons to love halloween 
Their game got delayed because of a water leak, so they had a dance battle instead 
You lose most your heat from your head.
Ima eat somebody old lady ass Tanight from the STAHT WIT 
Those use to be the good days and they love to sub tweet 
I remember when Twitter was the shit and everybody stop using there Facebook 
Tow months late finally in BILD newspapers. 
Grandma: What do you do?
Me: I help companies make software better. 
Grandma: To me, software is my pillow 

That look when you’re so close to finishing your book and someone tries to talk to you… 
Our thoughts exactly. 
Superscoreboard’s Mean Tweets...coming to a screen near you soon 
Please RT if you’ve never read a bigger lie from the Daily Mail than “Jeremy Hunt has earned the respect of doctors, nurses and other medical staff” 
At my boy 
 I literally just started cracking up bro  
It’s  only right to give a s/o to the original 
We are 3 days away from the very special premiere of Dumb Dumb.....you ready??? Dec 1....via a secret website 
My friends made a pirate bench ad in the middle of Hamilton ave for our show with 
Huge thanks to the 
Last night I ended up in a karaoke bar in Manhattan singing some 
I love you so much 
Best caption and go! 
Whenever you ready, I’m ready!!!! 
excited for nadine's birthday tomorrow. wow parang ako may birthday no 
U SHOULD BE MAD! 
I can’t stop listening to CyHi tho 
this movie i stg
It flabbergasts me that people actually believe they are protecting kids by banning books. Like they won’t discover sex or curse words on their own. 
The more you watch it the funnier it gets 
These reactions to our 
Can you BELIEVE this guy? Who has the nerve to charge customers 
Watching mexicans try and get a rat out of a car is the funniest shit ive ever fucking seen 
Fuck skating videos its all about the wheelbarrow now 
Russ is still trash 
Lol instead of candy, I just gave out random shit..
Shooters shoot 
Thanks bro, good times 
This is why you always pick the baseball players first for dodgeball 
Chance The Rapper and Migos be like 
so now y’all gonna come??
Marshawn Lynch man of the people 
Crush on You by: Yung Rob 
I put you on 
The thread 
Nigerians are unstoppable 
I give up 
Not feeling today at all 
I hear broski screaming And 1 after ever shot 
You there now 
That ref gon be at the unemployment office tomorrow like Martin 
This jon hit shay 
I informed you of that
Crabtree and Talib need a paper view boxing match on the real...
He accidentally recorded himself while his daughter walked in her graduation. 
Gonna be here awhile 
Will Washington is one of the funniest people I know
Did Russ say CIRCUS BEAR? 
Posting this so i don’t have to look for it ever again 
My fav video atm 
TRUSSSS ME
Lil Ronny mothaF jump rope my new favorite song 
 hell yea i feel tha same way
 I Stg
 Cougar season!! 
Momma... we made it! Again... 
HILARIOUS!!! 
Find yourself something that makes you as happy as Pitino’s pizza made 
Dawg!!! 
WOW.

Look who is already campaigning for 2018 by calling this bill, that isn't even a law yet, a disaster by the DC swamp AGAINST Trump...who has fully embraced this bill.

And this is on Fox. 
CFB Playoff 4th spot: a non-conference winner with an away loss  (been done before) or a two loss conf. champion that lost one game by 31 and a 2nd at home by double digits (not done before). Lawsuit?
Y’all didn’t know my boy Miah could rise like that 
 to make the night worst for IU fans, 94% if IPFW are commuters. They all going back home to celebrate with their mothers 
When you get on base for the first time 
Chauncey Billups 
Boy Gabe be having me weak 
Damn guys can y'all wait until y'all take y'all jerseys off before y'all watch me take the ball out for the opposite team? 
He dressed up as "Red" from Friday. He wins 
IM SO GLAD THE SHIRT IS WITH ME NOW
but hold up y'all my mom made it on the news!! Your 23 years of raising me just paid off again, she's lowkey hype
I'm with it, let me start working on my swing. I need some help...
this how we workin on our chemistry this year 
Meet Sam Colaiacova: a junior who learned how to swim in sixth grade just so he could actually participate in his friends’ pool parties. Oh, and he loves to tell dad jokes. 
Further proof I work with all men..... I chopped 9 inches off my hair today. Not a single person has noticed 
I told 
“Auntie, let me pick your nose” 
They got customers, we got fans 
Asked 
Cully is so chill during 
There has to be a 
Brace your ELFS - the holiday puns are coming!! 
Goodbye to walks without jackets 
Some of the funniest shit EVER!!!!! 
IM SCREAMING 
D a t e  N i g h t 
These comedians will make you LOL. 
@JenSkogerboe 
Still cracking up over this goal celebration. 
The best 24 hours of the year!! Donate, stream or go watch some live improv now in Chicago 
Iain: Ahh it’s snakes

*cuts to shot of Amir*


My 3rd grade best bud came up with this... 
Editing skills! 
lmao lebron a fool
I'm never deleting twitter 
This will forever be funny 
Can't breath.
Alabama’s entire bench got ejected so now they’re playing 3 v 5 
Caption this .....
filayyyy
 ain't that the truth
Way to reward a team for playing Mercer 
Y’all had to know this was gonna happen 
This video dumb lit 
You all can say I told you so now
When you get 405 for box squats but you don't think you can on just squats
Game day mood 
Wtf did I just witness in the barbershop 
We do this for Lil Saint 
give me your chain son 
 cheers Gary 
, I’ll take that. What a title 
Thank you but many would disagree ben, I’ve been called untalented and a fat shit in the space of 32 minutes 
The madam line killed me pal 
SPOTTED: "Wenger Out" signs at the anti-Robert Mugabe protest in Zimbabwe. 
This me 
Happy birthday to my long lost fairly godmother she taught me more than my own mama 
 bro even your mother knows thats false 
Lee Sharpe on Eric Cantona and his red against Crystal Palace 
Ruptured ACL but who cares after a 95th minute winner 
 the goal is mine, thanks for the assist,  I will assist you hopefully many times during the season!!!! 
Absolute world class support today from @FO_ClaptonFC 
One of our funniest ever video’s has just gone liveeee!! Billy vs Jezza No Laugh Challenge 
The Do Not Laugh Challenge OUT NOW!! 
 Phuket I couldn't resist... 
Let’s get it going 
 showed up in Marvels 
Wijnaldum life genuinely looks like GTA loading screens
It has already started... 
 he’s ginger so that’s an insult haha! There’s been some great birthdays mate and Saturday night will be no different 
Thanks Steve. My brother is 30 today and I’m 28 
Thanks shag but the only centre half who doesn’t keep clean sheets 
Good debut mate 
This was me this morning 
Soon 
Bears fan trolls John Fox with "Firefox" sign 
UNREAL GEEZA 
 Seeing this waiting for me at home actually made my day!! Fully died at the joke too 
Surely not... 
Bloody moon boots mate 
BR shit 
My nigga joey funny asl 
IF YOU DON'T REMEMBER THIS YOU'RE TOO YOUNG FOR ME 
Also, we suggest using all the former Shuckers in the majors and 
Rooney!!! Must be the allardyce effect 
Can't workout if Koeman is just trying something different with that team or has given up on the Europa league already
Henderson summed up in 4 seconds
May've been true if I had yo big ass up there 
Guys which celebrity is this as a child pls I’m stuck 
Just realised left depends on which way you’re facing lol - I mean left if you’re looking out from the stage so technically the right of the stage if you’re looking at it
Oh ok, so u working working huh big fella 
Went thru this recently 
Y’all niggaz stop blocking me off y’all dame page, I’m not greasin i swear. I just dropped my album let them jam. Da shit fie nigga. It’s songs on dea for you too. Stop bein petty 
literally have turned into a granny. I’m exhausted after going out to eat a meal 
this graphic 
Spurs fan on TalkSport blaming their form on the turf at Wembley 
Your mcm collects all the bibs after training 
unsaved numbers be having the most attitude 
IPHONE X FRONT CAMERA 
That nigga 
I’ll keep em coming 
everybody got that one funny ass family member 
You're not the only one, Renato Sanches! When a Peterborough United player got mixed up in thinking a steward was a teammate 
Epic Records just signed Blac Youngsta and he already willing the f*ck our 
Todd
You know you need a quiet word with yourself when your playlist goes Slipknot, Gwen Stefani, Oasis then N'sync 
Aboslute scenes belting out some backstreet boys in this just now 
 I was thinkin it aint wana say it 
Watching “War Dogs” I really love Jonah Hill 
10/10 for effort 
 crying !!!
WTF: Former Bournemouth striker Tokelo Rantie has been removed from the South African squad for farting on the manager. 
I thought when u said "He has no regard for human life!!" was the best ever but this take the cake 
Arsene Wenger with a savage reply about Rob Holding's performance against Leicester 
Bradley Wiggins is a fucking legend. 
What a way to end the tie... 
Kevin Harlan's flawless 
Sweat Show theme song 
U guys got lucky tonight,  this was our front 2 
"My daughters reaction to getting the new Liverpool kit..." 
 that would be 
It’s the freakin dome!!!
   I have way to much time on my hands tonight 
Joe swash still wearing scoop necks in 2017 
hahahahahaha 
The only good thing about the 
Where do they go? 
Got myself in my first pack 
This Kaizer Chiefs fan is our hero. 
I wonder what logic was applied here
I’m dead 
Palace fans chanting "We're fucking shit" 
Massive banter from this Watford fella 
Love your dad? Love a LOL? Here's our Dad Joke Face Off - footie style 
10k retweets for a free round at the airport before 
Some Walsall fan has booked a hotel 11 miles from Pompey which he thought was cheap...it's on the Isle Of Wight 
This Italian defender knows how to avoid blisters. 
Great results today and didn’t get booked buzzing!!
Bunch of tards on this apprentice 
 Fifa 18 ruining lives
Genuinely sit here every night laughing my head off at the 'Tiny Littler Dennis Wise' jokes 
Still can't believe I saw some lass start bawling her eyes out just because Chris and kem appeared on the screen 
This bloke 
Talk about blowing your own trumpet 
There’s a women I have on instagram and she posts 100 photos a week. She puts a photo of her face on and gets 6 likes, she then puts one with most of her boobs out and gets 150. I wonder why? Can’t figure it out. 
Nice profile picture 
I have since learned who techno Viking is 
Welcome to Bristol City Jose .... "pop in to the office for a drink after aye "  
This family's reaction to Messi's hattrick against Ecuador is amazing 
To the person who rang me on a blocked number singing twinkle twinkle little star, not bad not bad at all!! 
Even better than Christmas dinner, all the cold leftovers for the next week 
Lmfao 
Wii sports bowling be like 
What a tweet. 
When your boy is smarter then you at a wedding 
TEKKERS: Entering the post-match shower in style...
Roy Hodgson trying to hide from the English media earlier today...
Thanks mate 
Brothers 
brilliant
18 facial features of E.T
You did it again, had me in stitches 
Lovely little birthday brunch of my FAVE baked eggs and avocado at 
Croc jumping over me to punch someone last night and missing was a highlight of my night 
Some girl head butted toog! 
Wales and Scotland didn’t qualify,  couldn’t be any better! 
Reading this back it was definitely meant to say top 4 
Spurs are currently 7th...if Man City win tonight they’ll be closer to the bottom of the table than the top 
Peter Wright trying to give MVG's daughter a 'Snakebite' hairstyle! 
Arsene Wenger right now 
Thursday 6 a side league is too easy! 28 goals in 2 games! 
This is definitely the best thing you will see on Twitter today. 
Such a hard decision choosing between one more episode and sleep 
So this morning I woke up to a cow in my garden. The joys of living in the countryside 
McDonald's never changes 
Amazing. My favourite so far! Ok everyone, how about yours? 
It would be awkward if we did it... but we are 100% behind you doing this for us 
Westonzoyland 8-0 Morganians 
Me going into wrk tomorrow 
Caught him sleeping 
 Paul Pogba can't even hack losing a game of Uno...
 Classic Crouch...


 Zlatan Ibrahimovic isn't so arrogant after all...

(
Maybe there’s a better idea out there... either way I like the domain 
Recap from Phoenix Am with 
He’s a tiny man 
The boys ha 
Our attempts to trick the Face ID system on the iPhone X didn't go so well and we have no idea why. 
Look who I found at Formnext 
Both one of my proudest and least significant achievements 
New proposal - the 'Clippy' test for AI.  Is it helpful or just annoying? 
GUYS!!! I AM FINISHED 
Word of warning from 
"When ur horn don’t work like it used to before.." IM CRYIN 
Oops 
For reals...
Just boarded my plane to Germany I have a stop in 
Does that mean I have to too?? 
Suck my Coke! 
 @ Florham Park Fitness 
Last day in old London studio 
 caught me on a lazy day, bruh!
So do I 
This party's bumpin!!! 
Sorry but 
When everyone has been saving that one answer for a question and lays at the same time...tough decision 
Too much fun was had last night! 
Also in the news: 
"It's Saturday- the only decision you need to make is bottle or glass."
Those large zombies in 
LMAO WHAT?! 
Lmaoooo New freezer talk with 
I haven’t been on Twitter in so long this shit looks like a whole new app 
When I sat my driving test for like the 3rd time, there was a reverse round the corner I couldn’t do. My DI told me that was most likely going to be the route so my mum being my Mum, sat parked at the corner so when I got there I couldn’t do it, I went on to pass my test
This is the wierdest feeling ever. Im soo tired but it feels like i dont even remember how to fall asleep 
Clearly struggling to contain myself 
That moment when you don't want to jump off an airplane...  
Great way to wake up
A Boeing 767-200 VVIP for sale. I’m sure if we all passed the hat around....... we might be able to? 
So my gorgeous wifey enters the bathroom..... and ........ AGGHHHHHH!!! 
OK - I know this is a bit dorky but I love the grass we have on the east coastal parts of 
Holding up my wife’s legs. 
SO 
I love Enduro that much I scare myself 
Which one are you? 
RT if you think so too 
RT if you love happy endings too 
Need to stop hideously overreacting to things 
Wow the lighting of the Rockefeller Christmas Tree without Matt Lauer immediately followed by Law and Order :Special Victims Unit.  You can’t make this shit up 
Check out this cool cover by jasonsuerte .. I'm the cover boy for "Husky" magazine .. 
TAG SOMEONE THAT MAKES YOU LAUGH THIS HARD
 relentless after months of follows, u earned it 
No music just dancing to the beat of my own drum 
How was Planet of the Apes made? 
Honestly can't wait for 
If you needed any more reason to believe Kolo Touré was a legend, this is it. Telling Piers Morgan to fuck off 
Hah! 
Lot of ways to vote!!!!! 
My niggas really some comedians 
 “type of cat that’ll take ya chick and run a train wit her” 
If your name aint willtharapper dont ever think im on you 
 Me Like Shit!!
Noassatall 
She Dew A lot To Smoke Pressure 
He is too much 
“Reunited and it feels so good” 
I was never shooting craps I was shooting at yo ass 
Some niggas really can’t work a 9-5
On da stage with a pound burn it up
If anybody knows Dallas, they know that sour patch is the best way to describe my son  
Happy 2nd birthday to my baby boy Dallas! The true definition of a sour patch kid 
December 1st. No one can deny it's appropriate to listen to Christmas music now! 
Truly cracks me up some stuff people say on social media.. this one had me going pretty good 
Look how MR T bad up rocky and his chick 
Watch these kids' reactions to finding a "treasure chest" hidden by their dad: 
Thread 
My first ever brow tutorial is finally up on my channel! I know... took me long enough!
 How to get 4th graders excited! Shoutout the 
Why you do them like that meg 
I can't stop watching 
This why i love New York 
Britney's lollipop guild vocals weren't sped up. The video is on her IG. Stop with the conspiracy theories 
my pleasure! every single human I've met with your organization has been wonderful, and people were so excited to sign the petition on election day. one guy goes "no thank -- wait, *anti*-gerrymandering? against it, right? Yes. Yes I want to sign this very much" 
"They're gonna lower my speed on 
Haha my 5 seconds of fame! 
Monday mood 
After The Two Ronnies created the parody 'Status Who', Francis & Rick couldn't stop accidentally singing 'Fond Of Her'  
Exhibition giggles... making the company director the “cleaner” on his badge 
Congrats on the debut 
The guys at 
Trying to learn Spanish and each time I read tortuga I'm thinking... why does this sound so familiar? 
Never mind Where's Wally, it's all about Where's Middlesbrough College 
Why are 
Here we... let's et the ball on the roll 
Tracy tells Nicola exactly what she thinks in Monday night's episode...don't even get her started on the shoes 
Wow 
Big Shaq, 
Didn't last very long, but still managed a mini montage on It Takes Two 
Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg on 
Currently on a Ryanair flight#it is like a zoo... was nearly mowed down by 2 people exiting the plane (they were on the wrong plane ) 
When ya get home from work to this 
We made it 
That sickening look when your one said "vaginal dryness" 
 Looks like David should have kept his mouth shut there! Walked into that one from Gerry! 
"Just be yourself Callum, a massive knob", friends Michael, David and Gerry have debuted on 
 ah Michael t Higgins from 
Things have got a little weird behind the scenes at the 
We set 
 my wife has a huge crush on Ryan tubrity feeling a bit left out at the moment 
 into the pot lobster tubbs 
 this bunch are roaming around limerick tonight on the house of LA Christmas party steer clear everyone there not but trouble 
  out of everyone ( I love all the everyone on 
I wonder are Michael David or Gerry from 
Thank you very much everyone 
So this arrived in the mail for me without a message but I'm pretty sure I know who it's from...
Discovered a hidden talent today...
Don’t know what I’d do without Gogglebox and these two 
I’m looking forward to meeting Ken Robinson for a pint. Maybe in 
Ryan that was on Thursday 
Big Shaq has had his say on David De Gea 
There isn't a dog safe in Westport tonite 
Thank you to the follower who sent me this 
Major 
THAT WAS AMAZING.... 
Because we  have been lied to all this time 
Funniest thing I’ve seen all day 
Look what you've done, 
This is hilarious - “this isn’t instagram love I can’t swipe your face for filters” 
Well this took an unexpected turn! 
Would you try bug bread? It's safe to say 
Can't believe I just finished my undergrad degree, probably should have sorted out a life plan before I finished 
I screamed so loud in the airport I woke up 100 people 
The beginning of the end for 
Never in your silly ass life, compare Lebron to any player playing. He isn’t comparable to anyone. One of the GOATS. KD had the nerve to say LBJ passed the torch to him 
She went and did it 
The Monaco || “It’ll give you devilishly good looks 
Happy birthday, 
I'm the head cousin in CHARGE  
Happy Thanksgiving!! 
Francis Ngannou first to send a man to mars your move 
Best to you on your retirement from 
Been practicing for 5 hours..just now stood up..my ass cheeks are literally numb
11:40 AM — looked down and realized im in the studio by myself with a can of beer and a pair of maracas 
King said, “I have never been Blacked Flag BEFORE a race!” 
Everybody watch the UFC fight last night? Clemson won!
 bro I’m cryin but it’s still fuck KD ole bitch made snake
those feels when you’re hungry 
Wait for it... THAT LAUGH THOUGH 
Looks like the Boss Man had a few laughs at last night's event - 
These awkward dads are having a win streak of their own 
 Well, there's certainly a lot involved! 
Moon-rocks, because diamonds don’t cut it no more. If you loved her enough, you bring her back the moon. 
Checkout 
Working hard 
Hull 9th Dec
Interview!

James & Dave Franco what they love most about each other & their CRAZIEST auditions ever 
We played slanguage with 
A true classic!  Terry Thomas: "All very hush-hush and whoosh-whoosh!"
Look who is on 
‘It’s the weekend,’ they said. ‘Have the weekend off,’ they said. 
Oh no, wait. No they didn’t. 
 already got our wristbands for tonight! 0400 wake up was worth it!! Your biggest fan is beyond thrilled (and even picked out her outfit because she thought you would love it
Ready for a new fave page in the photoalbum? 
I just want to give 
Bless him. 
Sunbathing?! It's SNOWING in London right now 
So pleased no one can see me getting ready for 
I think he just crashed his bike 
Sounds like my dad 
Lolololololol Jimmy omg this episode 
Wow I erm.. the boobs...I er thanks! 
Just tried it... it works on a Tuesday morning too 
Once there was a lion and a monkey, and the monkey said ‘I can make the weather change....’ 
Came on Twitter find out if 
 love 
Who eat all the pies 
Sunday morning golf Jacksfirst 9 holes Bridie's first in 12 years poor Daniel has aged 
New York City vlog coming at you in 10 minutes! Can't wait to show you my Boosted board skills! Just kidding, never in my life! 
I've been LOLing at 
When you try to find the food at the party... 
"my fav person on campus goes to Ryan lmao “ciao*”
whats better than 1 Wizz capper? 35 of me 
Bully popping in for some breakfast.  He thinks he owns the place. Lol 
Hands down, one of the best callers we've ever had! 
Have a few minutes? This is very good! 
How does he get away with it 
Great interview with Michael O’Leary there from 
 ........... Best interview on a race course all year. 
Trainers' title?! 
I am just like any other girl. Growing up with an elder brother is never easy 
The only two things in my house growing in value right now 
Today I left for a shoot wearing Abels shoes, not even mad about it 
Oooh I'll look it up! This is the finished piece, Street Spirit by Radiohead. You'll need to crack the code to play it! 
Me when the highlight is popin' vs. when it has no pigment 
 you kill me 
We can see the headlines already:


RT if you know the struggle! 
One black hair tie, endless uses! From pony tails to closing a chip bag 
"I am coming round to the idea of it if the price is right. Count me in."

That's Ronnie O'Sullivan on whether he'd appear on I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! 
happy leftovers day 
Grateful for this 
“Damn, that’s bleak as hell, baby” 
 that's bloody cool though
Found my 
 Oconee County Sheriff's Office trolls Auburn fans during 
So I’m visiting Malibu (Hi Mark!!) and see this road called Kanan Dume. Any connections? 
I can only imagine the confusion of seeing a Twitter covered in Star Wars posts after clicking through on a tweet about politics 
That would be insane 
When a nigga tired of school work
"what's it like having siblings?" 
Know your worth fellas...
What else could you possibly do at 7am? Halloween prep 
Herb said No Distrspect To The Kardashians & Disrespected Tf Outa Them
didn't think I could like Post Malone more then I already do but I just found out he came up with his name from a rap name generator website
The fam about to go crazy
"You should see your Go face in slow motion" 
My Jets so lit
SUPERMAN LIVES! 
Great time this morning with 
Look at 
Tfw your guitar won't stop telling you alternate tuning jokes during your set ! 
I can't believe i actually did this 
My brother 
Also thank you 
"You only live one time. Might as well live it at Chilis" 
Trying my Santa suit on ready for the Jingle jog tomorrow it’s huge 
Flippin' best birthday ever. Get to do my 2 fave things. Radio & Swimming. (Yeah my girlfriend took me swimming 
The real question is who’s team up with Beyoncé is better? J Balvin or Ed? 
We’ve all got a mate with a pet eel right? 
Just in case I forget anyone on the insane 
Las Vegas…you're about to get Bodyguarded 
lost my phone crowdsurfing in Madison tonight and a very kind soul returned it to the front I love you guys 
When the only person you know at the party is social anxiety... and you find someone else with it 
Take it Back was ghost written by my Hairline 
This catcher on this Iowa Cubs doesn't mess around 
 Ready to start a bar fight here 
Thanks for all your questions! That was a lot of fun 
That was easily best episode of the series so far
When you having a bad day, and your best friend is intentionally biased to show her love and support for you 
"Sir/ Madam, if you will give me your personal address, I can send you all my money and my phone and my debit cards by speed post. I am fed up of all money, you use it if you want.

Yours in financial exasperation,

J. Mathrubootham"

Love this column 
PAWGWARTS! 
I hope y’all ain’t think “White Hollywood” was gonna a movie thats basically talkn bout a black man overcoming white supremacy n a witty way a chance to win a top category n the Golden Globe Awards!! Y’all can get some rest stay wokers!!
Honestly guys ... wat category did y’all really think the movie “GET OUT” was gonna b in?!?!
 that‘s what should be played at a 18th birthday party
Someone has stolen my lighting designers set list 
According to google maps, turn right at the Sex museum and past the Museum of prostitution, across the river and you’re there 
My Nan and grandad r theee best I swear 
When u feel like u only just shut your eyes and u have to wake tf up 
I told 
spending my last day in Amsterdam in a primark fitting room isn’t really what I had planned
i have never been able to relate as much to Wish I Was Sober by 
I love the fact that my face is right behind there 
Not only is 
Listened to this for 3 days straight think this qualifies as a 
Met 
Funniest channel on youtube, hands down 
someone in welly told me i look like meghan markle & its probably the best compliment i've ever recieved tbh
They look even better as an album cover
AMAZING: The final minute of 
When training doesn’t quite go to plan... 
Very funny start to the day, this idiot just got dressed for school!! 
Hard times init
A python ffs, ger a grip man
She killed me today her 
All of my ideas for that are terrible. 
This is not a child's tweet but a Times columnist. 
 telling 
Love this clip from 
Let’s do this 
Just booked our tickets to Winter Wonderland this year. Competitive dad won’t be leaving without a giant teddy!! 
Got to love this game & who says. Icing has to be boring, always having fun.
Great idea for 
The only time I have ever beaten 
To paraphrase CFS ad, "Journalism is such an intense profession, my fingers just started asking for a rest." Bring on 
Geez, I thought I would've won the BikeBug comp with my answer, 'You can run but you can't hide!'
Priceless!


Getting into the holiday spirit 
Better then his dad 1st 180 only 3 & half! 
Thanks for all your messages old man still got it 
Insight into the struggles of a GT, from the gentlest of giants 
Oh dear 
Now this would trip me up every time 
I think the puppy should be called goujon now 
Sorry all for the spam.. I really am selling sunglasses so sign up people 
-"Is it because I'm ugly?"
-"Yeah, it is" 
this video had me screaming. 
God sake I’ve been beaten to it.... BOOM!!! 
5 YEARS AGO TODAY: 
That’s how you sign off! A BIG, proper hooligan job!! 
You will DIE laughing at this episode hahahahaha 
I love that 
Makes the best TV! 
VOTE FOR US 
Challenge accepted I guess 
Excited to be running against you..although you’ll have a head start on me 
Feeling like a jar of Marmite right now... 
Yasmine and Alistair laughed about Alistair's 'oh oh oh, could be Mark!' For like 10 minutes 
YASMINE: A very awkward man..
- about Alistair Petrie 
If 
I know I spend half my life in water but blue planet scares me so much I can't watch it 
We raced each other 14 years ago in Bahrain for the 1st time, I pissed 
Booked my third show to see in New York next year!!! Now I just need to save up for the next three 
Olivia dive gets funnier the more you watch it 
Absolutely love this little clip! 
Ryan Hartman made Corey Perry flinch with a fake punch 
For the love of god.. what the actual fuck... this is too funny 
 [5 lauging-and-crying emoji]

Nah. We're great. Everything's perfect.
I hope they didn't smash anything 
“Whoever thought Dan Edgar had a personality” 
Who would of thought it?! 
*NEWSFLASH* Superb 3 day conference at 
When you sell out a 2 day course in less than an hour and a half... but now flew support socks from the legs and went to the bottom in the wrong throat 
May've been true if I had yo big ass up there 
Thanks to everyone that travelled last night. Had a right laugh. Great result too. Bet there’s a few sore heads today though!! 
 BBCBreakfast Loving The sleeping hamster impression this morning 
Well, that's what I told him to say... 
What d'ya think? 
Only up north 
Such a dumb reaction to being evicted, like you fool no one, obviously you aren't happy
 best video received to date!
Prince Charles having the time of his life in a bobsleigh 
Janet Planet the Ledge! 

Tomlin's turn was outrageous. He looked "short of match fitness" ... but THAT turn. Those two Norwich players were later found wandering up and down Sloper Road confused and still looking for him 
This will resonate with every creative 
Harry - “I’ve met this chick, she’s everything I want. Everyone’s gonna kick off...” 

Me - “It’s okay Harry, just do what makes you happy” 


CLAY YOUNG FOR PRESIDENT 
Walk of the year goes to 
Nah u drive to class so I can get your spot & not get a ticket lol 
Remember, this guy is the most expensive footballer on the planet 
Tag a mate who's lethal from the spot 
The next track in the Dodgy ticker trilogy is I am Alive,  this version I used a loop pedal, never did it again 
this pretty much sums us up together 
Just a little taster of what you guys missed if youse didn’t get down to the 
If you don’t fancy wearing a Xmas jumper on Friday, our girl 
Get your arses down to this on Friday. Wear Christmas hats and jumpers if you want just don’t fucking miss out 
Oh dear, we’ll send some out to say sorry 
Me & 
First day of rehearsals and 
Quick visit to see how Van #2 is coming along. Always a good sign to see a bucket under the engine 
We've achieved the perfect mince pie song? 
Saturday LEG DAY. Get it done! (I have no legs here is my abs) 
When your mate is at the airport sat by 
4 years ago, not sure what expression I'm going for though.. 
G- Unit ... (acoustic) ... 
CFB Playoff 4th spot: a non-conference winner with an away loss  (been done before) or a two loss conf. champion that lost one game by 31 and a 2nd at home by double digits (not done before). Lawsuit?
Has Max still got his mojo? 
 I love that Gilly got the best reception of the day on entering the stage!
Right well...it gets our vote too! Best GIF ever 
Cannot wait - it’s going to be *such* a fun 
This is going to be the Christmas gift that keeps on giving... 
So how did the light switching on go 
 never fails to have me laughing in a morning 
When you're the office hero... 
TREAT yourself to tickets for 
Big Shaq has made it to the House of Commons 
Tony Bellew, Jack Butland and Big Shaq have a volley (2 out of 3 score)...

Wait until the end to watch Big Shaq's attempt 
Me almost broke my ankle during Litaliana performance... but im fine 
Mac Donald's GMOs, Marlborough cigarettes & alcoholic beverages are healthier... for $$ industries! 
 remember this one Rufe 
Saw this and thought of you immediately 
Anyone who wants to see me an 
Does anyone else follow a ridiculous amount of animals on Instagram? I think I’m in danger of following more animals than people 
“All the best babe” I’m done... 
Is this the first year there isn’t someone on 
First of November = Christmas 
hahahaha a tree fell down in glenfield and some smack head got under it rang himself an ambulance for a claim 
Stop what you're doing, the best football clip you'll see today is here... 
There's always extra strange people on the tube on Sundays omg 
It's so funny because the little mermaid jungle is our doorbell tune, so she ran to the door 
I think I'm going to learn some para para for cyberdog next time! 
omg bandicoot
looks like I'm polishing today 
I've come to realise that I shake hands with my left hand more than I do my right. I'm a full time Scout 
Don't even think you could give them away 
Just caught up on last night’s 
Bex’s face when she finds out that I voted for her 5 times on the app to do the eating trial 
A proper  day on the fells spent looking at which had clearer views than I had 
Thanks to you & everyone for keeping me company & witnessing the weirdness 
Jeff is buzzing with his new parka! He looks like an extra from an East 17 video! 
This is incredible 
This is so intense 
Kevin Hart vs Usain Bolt in an ice bath challenge goes exactly how you'd expect 
I’ve already seen it that’s the best one yet!!! 
Go watch full video on unilad 
GUYS! Go follow 
Yup. I've watched it twice 
On another note the Hartley + Beaumont road trip is just about to begin! Here’s to travelling Australia in this beauty 
Check it out! Here is what went down on Carpool Karaoke with 
Even tho she’s poorly she’s still a happy bubba and had me in fits of laughter today
Not unbeaten like... 
Well lads ! we are still unbeaten pardon the pun 
It’s the hope that gets you 
Imagine if there was this much snow on a pitch in the UK, the game wouldn't carry on, would it 
Everything a Professional Footballer should be... never a Decorator though! 
 433kids (get_repost)
・・・
That dab at the end 
34 
Shins pads? We didn’t wear any 
Lucky I got my 18+ wristband for my bottle of water 
Great work today with 
I’m afraid to fart.. 
 most over used phrase "do what you gotta do" love it 
Catching up with 
Really appreciate that my work want us to drive nice hire cars but sending me a brand new Merc 350 AMG when I drive a roadster is ridiculous 
The best thing 
What a tremendous video! I might be biased 
My utter panic at the start of this 
Hopefully the real Lorraine would be kinder on my new hairstyle 
Bobblehatters on tour! 
Good to see the training is working - average 85bpm throughout the 50km Nambucca rally stage at 
It’s the biggest night of the year... So make it count! 
Role reversal today - engineer becomes driver and driver becomes engineer 
Big happy birthday to 
It was delicious! The pupils enjoyed it- and the staff had a sneaky taste as well! 
Had a great time at 
Exactly what was going through my mind 
Why we say Major needs to go to a home with a big, fenced-in yard: Exhibit A. 
 first thing in the suitcase case mate!!
Just seen someone refer to Micheàl Martin as Mehole Martin and I couldn't be more in love with Irish twitter 
My little poo-ny 
Friday vibes courtesy of 
I’m dead 
Was it just me who noticed this ..... 
Fantastic to be part of the 
Christmas has come early... now to try and find the time to read 
Nigel Farage: "I’ve done more than anyone else to stop the rise of the far right in this country." 


LOL this is hilarious 
Couldn’t decide so I had all 3 
BRILLIANT: 10-year-old 
Eardrums? 
When ransomware guys provide better customer support than most companies 
No advent Calendar this year! Just have to open the Gin instead! 
This even... phones and large thumbs! 
Khloé Kardashian has been known to get distracted by her own abs 
Finally, someone breaks down Christmas in a way I can understand 
This baby gets me 
This kids a savage 
Hi. everyone. Weather not great 
Tag a mate who is watching their neighbour’s Christmas decorations like this 
Love the coke bottles 
“The last supper” 
The Dinamo Beatles 
Domos enjoying the Beatles experience 
I drew 
We've got a new club photographer at City! Vincent Kobola is a real club man! 
you made my day
My homie and business partner 
Finally got Charlamagne’s (
Almost spit out my coffee this morning laughing at 
Wrong twitter 
How do you solve the problem of junk in space? Use a giant harpoon gun of course! 
Truffle the dog is every single one of us when it finally snows 
I bet this went well then 
We'll miss you 
 If you want to see your gin in this line-up drop me a line 
Check out our fellow 
Caption this shit! 
Is that begbie in the background 
yo 
Caption this! 
I could happily watch him ALL DAY 
Someone open the door for this dog, please!
They put on their round helmets - it's always 360 degrees in them 
I still have Giant monkeys around the house 
Sooooo funny 
That moment you happy to be there but they tryna forget you but SHOW FACE ALL DAY, SUCKA 
My Tablet just autocorrected "Panis Angelicus" to "Panisch Angelicus" 
Clicked on 
Driver on 
This lady thought it would be faster to queue up at the
drive-thru 
When you get the audience to join you in singing the brand new jingle for a very ‘tasty and tempting’ company (can’t share the new bit but you’ll recognise this part!) 
Great read Dave, but some cheek calling gentle folk from Glasgow and Troon wild and coming from a wee Rush man and Boughal lads, iron bars won't go down that way unless invited Wild bunch... wonder what slant they'd have on it. 
At least we got the draw in Gaa 
Oops 
You can't make this stuff up, but they do! 
All the feels!! 
And thanks to Eric for providing the food at 5am to everyone in the reception lobby
Which one do you think you are? Tap the gif to find your Shawn 
Slid my way to P5 in my heat, even lead into Copse on lap 1 
Stun hun Ryan 
Feeling way too good about myself for passing my driver's theory test. First test I think I've past in my life. 40/40 BIATCH! 
Would the real 
The UK Toy of the Year in 1976?

A Peter Powell Kite........which was a stunt kite and not one with a DJ's bake on it 
Drinking cocktails in 
The rest of the programme’s really worth a listen too 
Came thru to play 
Real talk tho, love Christmas, cause it's the 1 part of every insane year over the last 5 insane years that I get to be home. .. That said, I am about to go to London and New York 4 next 2 weeks 
Note to self: Never leave a marker pen in your dressing room when Harry is around. 
Bassey’s been laying down some beats in the kitchen with me today, drawing inspiration from the garden 
When being transracial goes wrong 
Niggas got so faded we broke into a 4 part symphony 
 I got excited by the blackboard advertising a gig in Scarborough. Legend? Check? D Wilde? Check? .... fail 
Nothing can beat the front barrier all night, Bagged a drumstick, a plectrum and a selfie with 
I’ve had Shawn Mendes songs stuck in my head this entire day 
Ah, how times have changed. 
Had a great time talking on the 
Guys I finally have a new phone! Sorry to anyone who has struggled to get in touch! Also now I can actually take nice pics!
 And of course let’s not forget the 15 minute pep talk I gave myself to prepare for making the phone call 
Dying 


I kind of feel like these are stock images that illustrate moving to the UK and falling in love with tea
"Still Game" with music (
Heh heh I like this one 
Best video you'll see all day
Tag a mate who looks this bad after raving 
But it's free entry... 
Hold on a minute, you want me to pay to be a support act on the main stage of a festival? I had to read that twice!! 
 And you always tell me the time spent was worth it!
Damn 
Yeah da Bois!! proud of the team work... should of won it though hahah 
Good times my friend....next year 
I've still got tinsel and baubles stuck in my hair 
Amir Khan well and truly earning his £400K here 
The one and only "torch" 
I hope he does the same thing that your hair did to you WHICH IS LEAVE YOUR ASS 
 just said Dennis Wise looks like Michael from GTA 
Someone tell CK we won. 
What better way to round up James Hunt's 70th birthday celebrations than with a look back at *that* 
name a better duo. i'll wait 
Ha Ha Luv This

Omg 
Reckless- so cute is all I got to say lmao 
Ballin X 
Game on- all imma tell y’all is that this was slappin and none these videos truly give them justice 
 was so good he was giggin all night 
I was so surprised they played slidin so early lol I’m so weak at the fight during “I swear I hate fussin n fightin” 
Calvin Cambridge- my camera skills was not clutch cus I wild the fuck out when I saw 
It’s school visits day and 
Me singing at 
MOOD AF 
What a crew at 
Shocking - Warming up, Gum Shield in hand ready to come on 
There's nothing like starting your day picking up your dog's poo.  feet straight back to the ground 
New shit 
I hate dis lil nigga 
Let's hope i don't go into labour and telling him he needs to come home
Always nice to see a few familiar faces 
Dear Theresa, it's not the number of MPs that counts it's how you use them. You have to do more with less that's all 
I done watched this 100 times 
It’s rivalry week. 
Haha it must of been the angle they’re normal! 
Remember this 
Liverpool always bring my mood up on days like this
I love this account! 
 with that pizza box though 
Last Cornwall trip off to a flying start. Forgot to pack my jeans, have an eye infection and there is a problem with the drains! 
Driving to work on a Monday morning and passing 
"Lil Yachty sounds like he has 2 puppets on his hands and he's making them talk to each other." - 
"That song sounds like when you go to give your man's dap....and you miss."  - 
"DVSN sounds like every male R&B group in the 90's....without their lead singer".  - 
My favorite part of 
I am excited for you Bobby. Make sure they pay you 52,000 a year and 30% of what the car makes and take care of all your expenses
Day 2 A casual FaceTime with 
Karaoke at Applebee's 
 Glad you enjoyed it Karen x
 It was 100% Tour Manager Dave’s worst morning. I thought we’d ruined a nice man!
We can't see 
One more note on this - we can tell the story on a future 
they are some of my favorite bros to hang with....on the podcast airwaves 
“I often wonder what arena music would sound like if we didn’t have the 80’s” 
Hahahha 
Joel’s location FTW 
Now I know how my mates felt watching me do the Skeleton on 
V just giving jokes and dewy looks 
I’d love to! 
 C team wins by 35

How Gator Fans Reacted to the Coaching Search 
Westbrook even intense with this
Fuck yo shit u broke asf 
How Cowboys Fans Reacted to the Redskins Game 
lmao I'm done
Every time you hear this song you just know niggas wilding 
"Can I just say good job on pushing Mr Nightingale out the window"

Creasing up at Prince 
All female production of 
Middle aged man scared of a squishy model of a vagina. . . 
 You’re doing great!!! 
A lady on the train just told 
How silly that I only realise NOW that 
Love pulling this absolute pearler out of the photo album now and again 
Constitutional opinions aside, Vicky's a big fan of this chap! She was a bit star struck! 
IndepenDANCE in Haddington is GO! And it turns out we have a celebrity gate crasher in the shape of 
4 hours left of my 40 hour shift and I can't even function correctly.... Fell asleep on my stockroom floor counting balsamic dressing 
I got it from my mommah. •
•
No really, she’s quite proud of this fact and never lets me forget it 
Listening to a bit of 
Haha I’ll try my best 
This is honestly my favourite clip of the year 
We are loving the bust of GSCer Gordon that the team made using our 3D printer! First the team created a 3D scan of Gordon's noggin and then printed it out. Picture doesn't do it justice, its amazing! That's your mums Christmas present sorted Gordon 
 So hope Mr Roxy and Sir James watched last nights Apprentice. Talk about clueless! 
HILARIOUS!! 
Nah in fact screw it, I probably will at some point 
Try me child... 
Mike Parry’s trending... 

it’s time for this..
Head to your local GAME store or our website for the best deals on games, consoles, and accessories this Christmas.

Or, if you bump into 
Ant and Dec make 
I got told by a vegan I’m profiting from animals dying...I’m an animal nutritionist- dead animals don’t make me any money chap 
Sometimes you just gotta go for I
"take your gloves off you twat" 
Young Simba....can’t complain 
I think we're going to have a hard time working together. Lol 
Nick Young once saw a bright blue light in the dream. And Swaggy P was born 
This guy in 
Stop it 
How Brave 
This made me laugh soooo much
"You gotta head it!” 
U having taken complete responsibility of mama regarding this project ,,has eased out a Lotta pressure akka 
Best thing about 
Stop looking at the ball Daniel! 
Not sure who would be more offended by this 
The delayed reaction still makes me chuckle 
Disturbing footage has emerged from after the Swansea-Leicester game last month. Authorities are trying to identify this troublemaker. Apologies all round! 
We know our place at Leicester City, Dave. West Ham's last major trophy was 1980. They're a MASSIVE club. We've done nothing out of the ordinary in recent years so it's kind of understandable we get airbrushed sometimes 
Delhi enters marriage season!! 
This one’s for 
Thanks!!my first club cricket captain. How diverse our lives have become
I am sure we can, just need to sleep at the same time as Akhira. 
The reason why Rahul Gandhi is great. Watch ! You can't beat his innovation 
I hope everyone can have the same confidence in themselves as my 6 year old sister 
This ref's got no chill ! 
Chaos unfolds in the 
 classic
Happy birthday to u slip... nuff drinks in the hut  
Not reacting for rumours but 4 all those concerned ones calling us "We Are Happily Married "The only thing we will be splitting is pizza 
F A C T S 
I’ve never heard a bad song from this nigga period 
We stay laughing 
I can’t stop laughing Mika!!!!
 beat one of the day! Thank you 
Now I know the reason of all mishapppening in my life..bcz I didn't forward that God messages to 10 more people
Whoever edited this video deserves an Oscar. 
What a classic 
It has you and Dhruv written all over it!! 
Sick in bed wishing Tess was with me. Anyone in Montreal with a puppy they could lend me for the day 
We share a few tweets from 
On future trade shows, you will always know, when I will be present at the booth 
Haha I remember when Justin Bieber was a much younger recording artist. 
Ahahahaha. Sorry! Don’t want you to age so fast
Ahahaha. Not ignoring! 
Why doesn't Bollywood make films like Inception? 
 thank you! You’re 
Wow, some people here! I’m 
Above and beyond... matching the cup to my tights 
Up for another challenge 
Made me think of Benny & Barney 
This is why I love Dave (
Looks remarkably like my first Archdeacon. I hope he doesn’t read this 
Laughing 
Cool to hear that the eve of Expos 1st game, they picked up 6,000 random chairs to fill Jarry. But we need a new stadium for a new team 
You ever watch a cheesy love movie and hate it but can’t stop watching? 
Encouraging diversity of lived experience to make change, but accidentally dressing the same. Lots of shirt twins today! 
fetch 
Kez’s pal 
Just found my original 
It's spooky in here 
The dark side of the 
Genius. Sending this to my reception class whatsapp group immediately 
Kiddo cracks me up 
pre living room clean before the tree goes up! (Couldn't last night, back was too bad). My mum always used to say that you couldn't put a Xmas tree up in a messy room... but then again my mum didn't have a son with 
Actually laughing out loud at 
Howling! Howling laughter! 
How's this for a fat whip? 
It's official - 
Tried asking the boss 
Had a lovely evening 
The GT DHi is ready to roll and I’m starting to get scared 
ha 
Those singing hands came out today
Some people lie for a living.
My daughters and their daughters have to hear this story.
WTH? 
It was a madness last year! The ibo woman in me was unleashed 
When the Senior Management Team get involved in the 'Spotacular 
Blink and you’ll miss him! 
This is class from Ryan Bertrand 
John from 
Clearing out the 
The Phantom of the Opera, The Woman in White, Barnum, School of Rock, Les Miserables, Everybody's Talking About Jamie, Harry Potter part 1 en 2, The Grinning Man en 3x Cinderella van Matthew Bourne (ballet, dat is de hoofdreden dat ik ga) (yay alles in 1 tweet 
This headline... 
While we're on about fine crime books, here's what I thought of 
How to style a over cooked corner on 
no hate for twice but my girl here got me in tears 
We just can't get 
I feel like there should be canned laughter in 
Everyday 
Genuinely considering setting up a 'boarding school partners support group' 
When you catch your toddler calling 
Watch this absolute car crash of a rope swing by 
Diversity is the only issue people think we can fix with a networking group 
Hold on a minute is that amir khan screaming 
And we made it to the big screen at 
 can you relate?? 
This is too perfect 
Very productive day at 
Is it just me or does 
Looks just like the photo 
Here’s a clip you WON’T have seen on this week's 
The drivers sum up today's race in three words 
Worked for me! 
Read this as “hashtag of wins” and “hashtag of chins”... 
Hahahah did you guys swap each other's lucky cap? 
Think Moult took that badly or something? 
Well guys, thanks to 
Potatoes can never be missed ! 
So awesome (and typical) 
Steph 
Just a little bit excited 
Awww thanks 
Having a productive weekend turns into listening to this...! At least it's Ecology-related I guess 
We have no details on this 8 second clip, but it's amazing 
Even the creators of Trivial Pursuit know the story 
Oh man. 
I'll come out in hives 
So whoever wins this match hosts the World Cup right ?? 
From 8 am to the final thing
The Sporting Lisbon president called David Sullivan & David Gold the "Dildo Brothers" 
You've got the wrong row 
RAMBO ! MBO! MBO MBO !! Yesseess guys . I’m ready for 
TAG someone who feels like us

Totally legit btw 
Dustin: "Ferg, where are ya from?"

Ferg: "Ballinasloe"

Dustin: "Sorry?"

Ferg: "Ballinasloe"

Dustin: "No I heard ya...i'm just sorry!" 
I think my favourite thing about the Scots translation of Harry Potter is the name for Quidditch 


via: Fleetwood Mike on FB
Barley, enjoying this beautiful 
Looks like captain of titanic.
Larry David + 
Amazing how much fun balloons bring at any age 
I took on Alain’s 
Welcome to Bristol City Jose .... "pop in to the office for a drink after aye "  
I agree lol 
How do you like your farts in the morning, I like mine with a smile
Any fans wanna sleep over my place? Have like a movie night and shit 
Tfw you meet your identical twin 
Laughs with our sis 
 this is literally my boyfriend 
I was just thinking how I need to do a video with me and 
Some people are so stupidly oblivious 
Not one for remixed songs but this one is cute in a lit way 
I just tried 
 someone get their mans
 I’m a bad influence 
THANK YOU! I’ve raised over my target of £100 for male health charities. It’s been an experience... The amount of names I’ve been called 
Well, we know Baker Mayfield did when he turned your ass down 
Those 
It was even better in person right
Can't wait for the latest edition to the Big Baller Brand clothing line.  
 heard with my team for the first. Had to go buy it from iTunes 
For those that watched last nights video.  
Here’s the lash proof. Yes, I took pictures! 
Here's my review of Mon Guerlain in case you missed it! I'm onto my 2nd bottle and have one for backup now 
To all designers out there. 
Couldn’t say she loved it but it was pretty cold! The desire is there in all of my kids to earn their very own half marathon wristbands though!! 
lol you funny....bunt
PROTECT YOURSELF AT ALL TIMES 
oconnor.sinead getting me pumped for work at Porsche Experience Center today! 
“And in the blue corner, from Warlingham, weighing in at an incredible 78KG’s, the undefeated 
Really thought we had a chance for the win until the safety car. Anyway, happy for this guy! @Nirei0124. Not a hobby driver anymore! 
I'm a rather lucky boy. Huge thanks to 
“One of your main homeboys just turned snitch, all y’all in trouble” - 
... just think of the wotsits. 
 "Flynn was closer to Trump than Melania".   The best line of the night 
I LOVE 
Love the fact someone gave Megan Markle and Prince Harry some Haribo....YES! 
I’ll be hanging out the restaurant window for SURE 
Dave just played the worst ever joke on me that royal security called & Prince Harry & Megan asked to eat at his tapas restaurant when they visit Nottingham on Friday.... I’d legit cleared my diary & was dusting off my waitressing skills 
Welcome to 2014! 
Meanwhile in Abu Dhabi.... Never get too big for your boots 
Can't wait for the 
Action on tomorrow 
 love it. The power is in your hands 
Why does 5pm feel like bed time 
Enjoy your day everybody!!! 
What's an obscure movie quote 
 pettiness level on 10,000 this morning 
Atleast we know 
The reality of woodturning 
When your first ever YouTube collab is with your role model 
 The frustrations of IT - what is the cost to departments? Hold that slide, Dr Mann. 'I'll die holding that slide' 
Wales' TPD and College Tutors are approachable, interested, and treat trainees as individuals.  
You'll love it. And everyone remembers their first EMTA (it was BAETA in my day) Conference very fondly. Or at least, most of it 
Ok, I actually laughed 
, i refuse to die 
If ever you were also wondering where exactly the Nigerian government renamed a street after JG Zuma!
Me when 
It just wouldn’t be Christmas if I didn’t have to jump start the 
This was epic. Many think the Providence Friar mascot is scary. 
Massive effort from our MoBro's this 
Keep an eye out Jimmy. I think Jarrod could be hiding in the crowd somewhere 
Wait for the sheer joy 
"Does that jumper come with a volume knob, 
Time for a LAUGH! 
Have you heard the one about spurs being far more entertaining than Man Utd this season 
Dobbs coming in hot with the 14pts 
Just had a convo with my teen thru the 
When your pet knows you bought a 
Here's what you missed last night 
[Walked 712 miles] and we made it to the State Capitol Building in record time! 
Ref had good D on Lil Hari 
We love when the contestants use Mr. Wonderful's words against him. RT @swcentz: 
They literally stood more candidates in more constituencies, if you’re going to compare voting stats then don’t underestimate quick maffs 
So this is the thanks I get for trying to save money and take advantage of cyber Monday deals 
5 min into my daughters first ever homework assignment "I really don't like homework" I guess the apple does not fall far from the tree 
For those of you who keep complaining 
The day one of you children of anger lands in Yomi Shogunle's net,  it won't be funny. The person will suffer for everyone's 'crimes'
An OK copilot I guess 
Good morning beautiful people... Here's a story about Troy Polamalu ruining my life 
I regret to inform you that the punter is at one point completely parallel to earth 
This man dancing to Michael Jackson's ‘Remember The Time’ at a recent Janet Jackson concert absolutely KILLED IT. 
This shit still cracks me up 
damnnnnnnnnnn Ohio St
 only podcast where the ads don't get skipped 
This tweet aged poorly 
Ghost breaking in 
! {promise we aren’t cannibals 
this what 7 years of friendship looks like. happy birthday jrd
Y’all got me rollin 
Biggest savage in MLB History 
Its about that time
Seeing your crush changes everything 
Screaming 
Tryna Escape The Friend Zone
Coos be like
When you ask a hood barber for a fade
Tazz Struggles pt.1
Joining the Army
Never Judge A Book By Its Cover
How to make her boyfriend mad
 This pleases me. Kilts in space.
Meet Colette,our Sales & Marketing Director.
As part of our HoD Job Swaps, Colette joined the creative kitchen team. 
As you can see, she's really embracing her new role as potato peeler. 
Well done Colette, but the marketing department need you back now!
Do i look like 
Brisbane, you were amazing tonight! My fave parts were telling the koala story about 
You always know when people breakup. Cuz you realize they took the time to scrollllllll down they page and delete every single pic they’ve ever taken wit they ex  
Stumbled on this throwback from the 90’s... Man does time fly 
Pretty sure questions like this is why Kyrie wanted to leave the Cavs..  
 Bom dia!! Good morning!! 
Wake up to see Trump called Lavar Ball the “poor mans Don King without hair” 
Wait... what? 
Ffs I'm guessing this was you lot 
This is actually mental 
I walked back inside at 2am to the European kids mopping the floor of the lobby as the lady threatened to kick them out 
Anyone plays these weirdos in GB just get a cancel, half of us just got IP flooded for virtual xp in 2017
I'M SCREAMING 
When the dogs learnt to clean up his own mess 
Trooper so damn tall lmao if casted with him i would feel like a 5yo trying to have a conversation 
LOL. This was one of the funniest things I've seen in Gears. This man 
Dawg!!! 
THIS IS GREAT 
Played 
THESE SUBWAY COOKIES WAS TOO FUCKING GOOD 
So much for that gentlemen’s agreement for no nades. 
Lol rogue. NA drivers btw. 
Nothing worse than playing matches and some dude is running his mouth on the mic. Like shut up and play 
Me playing vs yhc mochi when i was in topanga house. He thinks its tokido 
Fridays at hm
House building continues IRL & in Minecraft 
Tonight’s stream was dedicated to my rad boss 
Ayeee It’s going 
Suck my Coke! 
This video of 
Accounting lessons with 
Who knew 
He thinks he's so slick! 
Pic 1 (10 AM) : after drinking a glass of Bislery .

Pic 2 (4:00 PM) : after drinking a glass of Rooh afza 

Pic 3 (1:00 AM) : after 3 peg of Old Monk  
At YYZ airport. 
Guy next to me: can I get a Bloody Mary? 
Server: not till 11. 
Guy: what kinda f*^#$d up country is this?!
PRICELESS: wen yuh guh pan a TTC bus and smell some gud up gud up Jamaican food and everybaddy looking around 
Mom is on a role, Daddy is singing, humming while making this and she ask's "ah who lick im? Ah who lick im ah you Kevin!" 
Asked for good barbecue recommendations on stage in Houston tonight! 
Gordon Hayward already back on the court has Kevin Love SHOOK 
I love the 
My middle schooler just informed me about someone dropping an “axe bomb” in class —sprayed like half the bottle of deodorant. I don’t know why but I can’t stop 
 when you got caught sneaking out cookies and blamed it on a sibling
Amir Khan is too much for me 
You have to love that guy. Excellent producer and dj with loads of humor. 
Is it the weekend yet 
Me and Loz was on next level annoyingness today 
When you suddenly see someone hot while crossing the street..
Geezer locked himself in the fitting room in Size? 
too much sauce
‘Put that cookie on your face to remind you of your place’ 
That snow come an went boy 
I watched 
The weather ain’t trying to see this music video happening 
Lmaoooo New freezer talk with 
Fine girl treatment indeed 
These rappers sound deaddd live init 
So I’ve finally updated from iOS 9.1 to the latest version of Apple iOS 
When you use your hair as a scarf because you forgot you're not in L.A anymore! 
When you're nearly 30 but they still think you look 17 so you book the job anyway! 
'Kids Vs Art: Wired Open Day' PODCAST SERIES ONLINE

i’m dead!!
 True ravers only come for the ever-diverse and brilliant music and to have a great time 
Yes bro 
Omg, my girlfriend for the second time in a row "gave me back" someone else's panties. Good thing we're poly girls. 
 it should be illegal what that tune is doing to bods 
Better picture this time brother? 
Selfie with Ed Miliband 
Straight up!!! 
Bless up this new month. 2017 thank you, what’s is in 2018 is super plenty!!! 
 last Night, You Tear Chain For Badu Lounge 
Family goals: not giving af anymore about the amount of sweat on you when 
I thought this was koose
echeck like 
(G)old 
 my name come inside yie.
Lol 
 I’ll write a book for her chale
Mallam go fi squander your school fees
Watching each other bowl like it's the footie 
Apparently yeah. Soo many guys are rapping. 
 you fall pass kaish
Well done(Dan)
Flow me fans 
Diamonds dancing on me liek asamoah gyan (baby jet)
Cuz I’m fly, abeg make I land
On instagram we de do scams 


Check out new visuals from my senior back in SHS aka "Tong Po wif de hairdo".
He got curved into 2018 
So it's 
We won't stop at 4 awards 
This used to be one of the toughest decisions 
Oh bro it’s just a line .... natin serious 
I love Nigerians
 then u for lef now ooo so say by 5 then u catch
Lol some motivational speakers in the making 
I have my own truecaller story. I had to explain to a groom I didn't know his bride. 
Game day feels 
All ears and a pretty big nose too 
Trig bi one hapi person ano see some before.If I soak u ago laf saa
 this is deep
Wenger refusing to leave Arsenal... 
Where is the rest if the video 
RT when you see it 
Someone make this into a Christmas card please! 
 Sometimes Barrister need toe sleep abeg
 what we said!
FRA! in the building! Best band in the country! Too dope! They can do ANYTHING 
Well, she looks like the phantom bride.
In other news, Trevor Noah had this to say about Kenya 
What. Is. Going. On. 
Chuck had that record a year ago 
Wabongo aisee nimewashindwa 
Family of tiny people, But we beautiful af 
Parents were treated to a rehearsed script that we students know by heart because it is things that we are told every single time we raise issues 'we will look into that, I assure you with the blood of Christ...' yet the same blood cannot convict them to stand for truth lol 
We are partying on behalf of the twins 
If you know, you know... Mad ting! 
So the noise polluting church near my house moved....
This lunch for you is ready. I have never met anyone so clever with words. I mean you just said how you feel and I'm in my sapio feelings 
Don't laugh... or he'll kill us all 
Their children are now in big public offices, probably saying how they fought for independence 
Meanwhile, the stage is set guys. 
 they are not ready bro 
Come through 
This pastor really just said "Christianese" is the language of Christianity

Gotta love neologisms 
WHEN 
Eba,semo,eforiro etc making me embrace all my curves and all my edges 
Yes yes yo!!! Game on!!! Their own is to cook, our own is to drink coffee and wait to eat
Smh the way my mom saves my dad’s number is so dramatic 
Nigerian Special anti robbery squad is everywhere but in a robbery crime scene .. 
Onions make you cry too, but I'm okay with that 
 all those pervert uncles. Did a Yoruba spin to chief Stephen osadebe
LEAKED: Football's stars chat ahead of last Friday's 
this is my gif LMFAO. 
AND THE AWARD FOR THE LAMEST TWEET GOES 2....YOU !
OK this is now the likes of 
Advantages of being a DJ for 
 You realise Juventus robbed Man United and gave them the wrong Pogba 
Odell Beckham Jr went under cover as a Lyft driver 
Me and the beautiful @marieclairemiller at 
From Rooney to Pepe 
Arsene Wenger right now 
Officially part of the family! 
THATS ACTUALLY HILARIOUS 
Big day ahead 
I have nothing to say on my defense 
No such thing as "casual lawn games" with this crew 
this definitely got me, so funny 
We work on this move 2 years!! Glad that 
Well this convo has officially made my weekend. 
I'm dead 
.. you know you the GOAT bro..
I’m going to Panto... I promise I am not moving to another country 
I remember when I used to be scared about my parents finding out that I drink pero ya que saben que soy borracha les vale madre hasta mi hermano me trae micheladas cada ves que viene 
My God Son Asf , When He On Youtube Watching Paw Patrols 
Epitome of resourceful 
The twin towers fall in Brisbane.. Slowly.. 
Big nostrils 
A successful meeting 
I've been rumbled 
Honestly, call me lame but staying in watching a movie eating snacks in pajamas and cuddled up with my boyfriend on a Saturday night is like the best way I could of spent it.

Unless I saw 
Only decoration my tree needs is 
"You're getting spanked by 20, so don't do anything dumb."-Vaughan Mayberry [
I asked him to take her out for some fresh air, but he had other ideas...
 face on 
Madea’s got us 
 VOTE for your favorite Madea quote now and see 
 had me 
 looks hilarious 
Madea’s just creepin’ it real! 
It’s gonna be a “neigh” from us. 
I can't think of a better way to spend Hellurween! 
Went to see 
She's an inspiration for all crazy  bitches 
"You a butta everything" 
Oh. I forgot don't * 
We were just like wasted sorority girls in a bar 
We would dominate 
48 vinyl titles on sale for the next 48hrs you say 
Same thing happened to me when I wanted to cover ACA after it passed! “Legislative battle is over, why not move on to something else?” 
At thanksgiving today I asked my fam what they’d always wanted to do but hadn’t yet. My grandma leaned over to me and said “well I always wanted to piss on your grandpa’s grave but don’t advertise that.” 
He didn’t want him to take the ball anywhere. 
Now this is a clever way to get a game-used football. 
The Pontiac Silverdome failed to implode this morning. 
1. Leave the house

There are people out there and they might talk to you.


This is... Hilarious 
Notice that 
sisterly love at its finest... 
Here's 2... (or 3 
Another city, another stadium... same goofballs. 
Throwback to when we jammed the No.1 'Hideaway' with Kiesza singing in the shower...............
Sholto steps up for the Moonwalk challenge...

Have you ever heard an engine roar like this??
You know you are taking the ferry to 
During the Bucket Game, this was my best impersonation of 
Currently eating you cereal off a plate cause not only did we take the bucket but we took the Bowl too 
When yo momma say “we got food at the house” and warm up them Thanksgiving left overs for the 5th day in a row. 
Imagine sitting next to a pregnant lady in the movies only for her to pull her stomach out and have hella food. I would die laughing at that moment 
I used to dust niggas on this shit. Flipped my paper over loud as shit so you knew it was real. 
Happy Birthday Mr. Krabs 
BRUHH 
You should’ve dropped some bars for him one time 
Foul 
Sam is a beast lol He is really good at everything 
Sam can do it all....great athlete....for a punter 
If yo teacher went to these extreme measures then you deserved to get caught 
"Did we just become best friends?"


 went crazy second half 
For the first time ever a football championship was won at Heritage High School....

And it was by the Liberty Lions 
 is the honey badger of highschool football 
 I've never laughed so much on stage. You & Caricasulo are crazy. When the fan prize got stuck in the roof 
Safety first 
Garage looked like a M1 outlet store today 
 they aren't having it!!
Laughter in the house with hilarious 
 This is our daily dinner menu!!
What a brilliant advert

Queenies back stage 
The fact I’m sat here laughing to myself is sad 
A bit too much on the Dr Nefario side for us 
My boyfriend, who is not known for his pop culture proclivity, holds up a picture of Prince Harry and Megan Markle, squints skeptically, and goes, "This is Carson Wentz, right?" 
Look at this checkin. My wife 
Really enjoyed 
Ohhh ok, hello annoying itch phase! 
 Agreed
Imagine this was YOUR away pub...
Be on the ball tonight! 
Cech U leave in plenty of time for Motherwell vs Celtic tonight. Don't messi around and get to your seats quickly for the game to start. Lets keep each other Kompany and have fun! Remember its icy, so wear the right footwear as you don't want to slip up
Randolph and Mortimer are back!!!! 
BREAKING: Reports are that 
 that’s perfect
When you try to buy cheap crypto, but you using TD Ameritrade...... 
Not even close. 
Too much?
Maybe too much...
I can do it...
Pretty sure I can do it 
So true 
That is a face you do NOT want to see Chloe make. 
What would Chloe do without 
Surround yourself with people who love you... or want to shag you 
We might have to make "Topgolf T-Rex Tuesday" a thing. 
Mans not hot 
What recovery looks like. By 
How crazy would it be to crash into a text message 
Ha just read this to 
As we slip down a parliamentary process rabbit hole-fun fact: a charge of contempt *could* see DD locked up halfway up Big Ben clock tower 
Brilliant idea 
We have just visited Bill Board picture 
I seriously love Penny 
Marriage is all about compromise. 
Glad I was raised by a farther who taught me the art of telling people to f**k off
Me big man I can't 3.30 it
I love Christmas but come on at 9:20am there's no need for some marathon Marshall to be stood outside my house belting Christmas songs. It's too early for me 
Seriously aching is not an understatement, not only working in -24degrees but now walking like a penguin 
When I opened my advent calendar this morning. My man decided he wanted half of a pinch of choc. 
So im back at work on Monday so tonight I thought I'd be creative. I made a pot noodle & decided to eat it with a spoon 
stockdalejacob 2nd try at 
Missed the sparklers but Emma broke the champagne 
 just finished judging 
'Probably not right now' Ouch 
 u can do this on May 20th
Mmmm you cannot beat their pies! The Mince pies are yum scrum too! 
Well, it’s 1st outing was 
Super Nintendo Chalmers 
Today's session at 
Glad morris likes his 
Why the ref slither across the screen LMAO 
This video is still too funny 
In Japan they take rock, paper, scissors very seriously 
Ben just said it's Spice Girls day today. When I asked why he said: 'tonight is the night that 2 becomes 1' 
Taught 
So this was my 83 year old grandmas response to me telling her she looked good... 
Ooh can't wait, don't miss it next weekend 10th December 8pm 
So tonight is 
This was me on garageband 
Ffs 
Listen. Do a £5 makeover instead of a munch in wood green & ill have you lookin like you stepped outta Vogue fam 
On site ready to deliver another SPECTACULAR Christmas Event @strandshopping We begin by respectfully recognising Armistice Day with a 2 minute silence then into our show with a host of fabulous entertainment including the LEGENDARY BASIL BRUSH 
ONLY 1 MORE SLEEP until 
10 SLEEPS until we deliver a unique Christmas Pantomime for families to enjoy at 
Blink and you might miss me! 
Choosing my shorts for Twerk Werkz like I'm ready to go into battle  ( cc: 
Love seeing this face on my desktop every morning
New Zealand police recruitment video 
Crisis over... don’t know what the worry was about, gonna win the league now 
Rio Ferdinand's new training regime...  
Physically just weed myself and had a seizure, I’m at an event - early mind,  and this soba as a judge guy comes up to chat to the table and says I look exactly the new Princess, Meghan Markel - he then asked what my heritage was, his face dropped when I said Italian 
Sky Sources: Jack Jahan close to agreeing terms to become new 
"I’m guessing your sex life is a lot like Nic Cage’s movie career-- You’ll do anything." 
My youngest wants Mikey’s jersey.... his hair style and colour 
 bro even your mother knows thats false 
You ever think to yourself - if i didnt text people first i just wouldnt hear from anyone all night 
"Joggers in the news" 
 This is priceless.
Cake decorating challenge 
Ruby says, "wake up power!" while looking out the window trying to fix the storm 
I absolutely loved 
Bring warm drinks and sweets 
Booth clean out time!
Our Painter Davie a.k.a. "Davie Big Box" likes to keep his office clean 
this unifies two very important things in my life 
Mega week skiing in zermat in Switzerland. Even though it got a bit nippy at times 
Really big thanks to everyone at the 
Ahead of the 
The brand new pump track is nearing completion! Who’s ‘pumped’ to ride it?! 
Lovely to pop in 
Just… 
Love this! Be great as tandem 
We just heard the news —everything. Is. On. Sale. At. 
Sick in bed wishing Tess was with me. Anyone in Montreal with a puppy they could lend me for the day 
Thanks so much 
.
RT If you’ve ever said I love you to your teacher. 
Absolutely ridiculous Super Mario Odyssey one 
Finn went OVER the rope last night in 
ICYMI 
 love it!
A 
Womit. That’s the word of the day. Womit. 
To be fair, it’d make pretty decent television! 
 would you fight mike Tyson? “No?! Have you seen the size of him?!” 
Curled up and waiting for 
I love love love 
"Yo J Hus, look at the statistecs" 
Got ma ticket for 
Has to be one of my FAVORITE BITS
Leave it to my kid to discover this 
How could resist this look? 
Guys... He's not going anywhere besides through other teams' defenses 
Don't worry 
 What's your flatmate story?
I'm so glad it wasn't just me!! I thought maybe I just have a dirty mind 
It depends on how stressful those 3 hours are
On the campaign trail today. About 20 radio interviews back to back promoting my 
REPOST from 
We'll see you losers on October 27th, good luck trying to get your first win against us in 3 years
When your schools most famous alum is known more for cheating the game of football than actaully being good at it 
Even the Louisville mascot just got the 
What a fab night! Pleased to report that the chandelier still works! 
well done sir 
I appreciate the vote of confidence but that is well beyond my powers 
Not sure about the bandana but your grunt is definitely ATP level 
Yep... casually young man got some flavor.  Reub is looking pretty sharp there in blue 
Need to be around peeps that understand my “current” sense of humor.  I’m definitely different these days 
A friend of mine just texted this to me........
Sir 
Flippin' best birthday ever. Get to do my 2 fave things. Radio & Swimming. (Yeah my girlfriend took me swimming 
The real question is who’s team up with Beyoncé is better? J Balvin or Ed? 
We’ve all got a mate with a pet eel right? 
Just in case I forget anyone on the insane 
This is so true! 
Even when I’m ill this sort of shit cracks me up 
This is the best advert I’ve ever seen
Classic
Bubble football with our Autumn Graduates tonight!! SO funny! 
Not everyday nice pics!
That time I got koshed in the face 
thanx Jerrod, 
Any ideas where we are now? 
REALEST thing I ever retweeted
If I had seen this at a garage sale I would have bought it for the frame and thought it was a cheapo print.
The hubs sent me his food order via animogie. What has this world come too? 
Conversation with one of my girlfriends in our group chat 
Throwback to my 
Holidaying in London, Amsterdam and Berlin in TWO WEEKS!!! 
I just put in the 
I just had a choco-taco in place of my workout....
'Coco Lolo' & 'Coco Roro' have a nice ring to it but 'Coco Mark' not so much 
Isaiah Wynn with the SEC Championship photobomb 
What makes you belly laugh? 
lol 
So the 
This is how i read them from anybody who’s never stepped on a college field 
Steph gone eat him alive tonight 
Gotta hand it to 
They don’t like when you treat em like they treat you 
Ciara trying on Russell’s High School jersey.
“If I had known you in high school we would have had bout six of these kids”
“babe STOP” 
I’m not trying to embarrass this fan at all but we gotta throw hands for this
I make shoe contact before i make eye contact 
Maybe this is a good time to ask a question that has been bothering me for awhile. Is it Auburn Tigers or Auburn War Eagles? Make up your minds. I'm so confused. 
This has us rolling
Not photoshopped 
Man 
Haha y'all boys were throwing hands yesterday 
 Ho Ho holidays are here .... 
We love when the contestants use Mr. Wonderful's words against him. RT @swcentz: 
These clowns 
Gamedayyyy let's get it 
Thought packing for one foot was easy 
Throw back to when we gave Murrah the business 
Dam I'm thinking I should change the art to this 
Honestly, as long as we beat 
we might be going separate directions but I will never forget all the memories you're gonna kill it at JC brotha. This video sums up the brotherhood we have
Good 3 points on the road. Enjoyed being back at Watford much more than last year! Don’t even think about it, 
That was a tough one today, big 3 points in the end! Come on 
Chuckling out loud 
This is college in a nutshell 
Says the guy that got rejected by the cheerleaders at his school 
 few weeks ago a car drove by and they listened to savior on max volume and I just thought man why I'm not wearing my 
Saw this and thought of you immediately 
Omg this is awesome 
This amuses me so much 
    delighted to score my first goal for Cardiff today. What a tackle 
What a night 
Literally made me LOL! 
Friday feels 
We may have gotten a little bit lost on the set of 
Bruh, he really dipped on his kids 
Isaiah Thomas looks like he's been hanging out with JR Smith too much 
2 billion% pure heroin...Wyd after u hit this!!!
When you open up your gifts 
The sass on set was real last night ! 
METRO BOOMIN & FRIENDS DEC 22! 
May've been true if I had yo big ass up there 
Don’t talk shit then victimize yourself 
Why this have me criiiiine 
These people at the front desk probably think I flew in from Nashville just for a facial 
Yes, there is an active volcano on Bali. No, I’m not really in danger. Relax. 
When your brother says “LET’S TAKE IT UP A NOTCH!” Cooking with mad1914 
toastin up 
Me an the youngin on the 2 train 
She blocked me lol I don’t think I’ve ever been blocked after being judged by the same person. 
Yeah it’s a joke and I’m not policing anybody. I barely like police as it is. 
Be brave jo 
I have. 
once you go Kat...that's the saying, right? 
For sure! 
This is one hell of an effort from the 
Go behind the scenes of the 
Stick to cricket 
We are 3 days away from the very special premiere of Dumb Dumb.....you ready??? Dec 1....via a secret website 
Pep is not impressed with 'crazy' 
None of these guys are still on the 
Toff having a meltdown and the boys just chatting and not noticing is just classic man and woman 
Found it 
Did Shazza just say fuck on 
Easy. Corpus Christi having more than %5 of the vote versus 
It’s like you 
Your profile pic 
‘You’re wrong Ian’ 
Home from the brilliant 
I must have my friendly face on today. Tourists at 
Me: I wish I didn’t have to go home tomorrow. 
Irish niece: I wish you didn’t have to go home until next year!!!!! 
Me: I wish I never had to go home. 
Irish niece: Naw, I would eventually get sick of ye. 
Things have got a little weird behind the scenes at the 
We set 
Would ya say I love my new 
 So true! 
When you can't decide on 1 pair of 
So this is what we've got to look forward to next season with 
I can’t stop watching this 
We’ve come a long, long way together
Wild Saturday night in the 
Drummer tries to avoid pungent armpit of twin brother
Milly is a 5 year old Jack Russell who thinks she's a Cat 
Vodka, whisky and red wine next, she even has little plastic wine glasses!! 
just made eye contact with a yawning dog and it made me yawn 
Forgotten how good 
I had to put Snapchat back on my phone to see the full version of 
Awwww thankyou! 
Thanks!! 
This presidents cup seems like a pantomime compared to the Ryder cup!!  Donald trump just confirmed it with that speech!! 
Such a laugh doing this 
Always nice to see a few familiar faces 
So proud of my Referee mates who supported 
"He slapped me around the head and said Craig Bellamy's been talking about you..." 
Have it on whilst wrapping Haydens presents for tomorrow... ive more cellotape stuck to me than space pieces in saturns rings
Here's one to help commemorate 
The motorway is so quiet when I’m a celeb is on 
 I have his moves
Great fight although I don't know how on earth you let him into the ring with those shorts 
"Be quiet Monopoly man!" 
Tomorrow is a classic 
Right ok HELP A GAL OUT, I've been wanting a cat for soooo long, hardly gonna get 1000 retweets 
Inside jokes with a person are the best jokes ever. All you have to do is say one word or do a certain gesture, and the other person will crack up automatically. Love itttttttt
Headed out of Knoxville like... 
Oi 
Young Simba....can’t complain 
Me: It's non-uniform day today Alex! Alex: Wow, does that mean I need to go to school naked!? 
 this is everything
Oh my Lordy 
Louder make dem hear you for back 
Hahaha My Brother Too Dey Hype Kilode 
When you old but young at heart
They didn't see that one coming
That time Mick McCarthy shit himself over absolutely nothing 
Looking forward to 
Trust me when i say if woman mean you she mean you be that.  After devil na woman oh!!  Run!!! 
Soooo... apparently that was a penalty? 
NUC (National Universities Commission) budgets:

=N= 8 million for RESEARCH.

=N= 85 million for VEHICLES. 

and y'all wonder why our Universities are trash? 
You caught that 
I remember the day I wanted to enter keke. Told this woman to shift and she said she can’t and I should turn around to enter. I asked the driver how much for drop and he agreed. The happiness when he told the woman to come down 
Stop scoring lads I can’t upload quick enough 
fantastic 
This!!! 
We would have beaten you guys with 33 goals 
De Gea: can save anyone 
you people
 class this 
But wait o. It was my first time o. Prior to that day I was busy singing along and dancing up and down. Talking about how I will finish them! I will give them moves like Jagger or jaga jaga anyone they will take it 
Who wants to raise a man who plays with Madrid 
Crying 
CLASSIC: Charlie Nicholas with the worst comeback in history to Jeff Stelling. 
What a way to end the tie... 
 brilliant 
Is 
LET'S DANCE PEOPLE!!!!!!!!!

YOU SEE MY KICK????????


Niggas got so faded we broke into a 4 part symphony 
"what's it like having siblings?" 
How funny! 
My mama ran a 5k this morning 
The scenes from a Slovakian Third Division stadium. 
That time of year again 
What a laugh. Thanks PSG 
 get it right up ye. Away n greet ya fucking rat


Retweet if you were alive when Wizkid defeated Jay-Z, Cardi B, Travis Scott, Migos, DJ Khaled, Solange, Drake, SZA, and Kendrick Lamar in an award category.


 artwork X3
Come house e dey house 
First of all thunder fire this person, then on a lighter note..Read very well, Reminds me of banky's news editing 
Good evening guys,I see Nigeria and Argentina in the same group again. Remember I tweeted it first
Lmao! Triggered 
Why you don’t follow me back on ig den ?
That puppy going ham on that titty 
Nigerian Special anti robbery squad is everywhere but in a robbery crime scene .. 
Only one 
 is bringing mayhem to Aba 
Congrats... Major success 
Stop dis VP Office tin before I vex on behalf of "dem dem" 
Sorry 
LMFAO , 'SUG PRESIDENT' IN HELL FIRE 
‘Tesco Barcelona’ is my new favorite phrase 
What are you SARS-ching for?.
If Mr Eazi & Shatta Wale knows what is best for them, they better go & meet De Gea to save their dying career 
 baba, to cross bridge nor easy o. I go psych myself up make am soon
Rare shot of us planning the Crusade 2.
 you fall pass kaish
Well done(Dan)
Flow me fans 
Diamonds dancing on me liek asamoah gyan (baby jet)
Cuz I’m fly, abeg make I land
On instagram we de do scams 


 - Had to come up with something on the spot, I thought we were producing music not writing lyrics 
 last Night, You Tear Chain For Badu Lounge 
Family goals: not giving af anymore about the amount of sweat on you when 
Don't Say Anything, Just Retweet, Only If You See It...
 I’ll write a book for her chale
Mallam go fi squander your school fees
we dey ron... 
Sadessssssssssss 
Oh 
 Need me a panic room like this...
He got curved into 2018 
So Ebony dems go perform still? Like me like I go home long time. Wale will end his performance at 12noon 
me mates and i on a fooling ting 
This guy has the whole stadium singing a love song with vim. If this isn't stardom I don't know what is 
I put the sauce for fridge inside so berma nothing spoil 
 the mans hot punches fit make a bed the whole evening without eating
My heart 
This years 
I dey beg you
come take
We cool as ice
 A beg he no be my man
3 SHOWS 5 INTERVIEWS TODAY I SWEAR MAN IS REALLY TIRED 
 I told some squad that  
Trig bi one hapi person ano see some before.If I soak u ago laf saa
I'm a Ghanaian but me I no dey support this 
Some of you are stalkers!! Lol 
When I say my mom is stubborn ... she’s the kind of woman who puts the gps to go somewhere but won’t listen to it because she knows better ahah 
Felt a little strange running an entire 10K in 2nd place (from gun to tape..bar about 100m! 
Wait for the sheer joy 
Ahhhhhhh MY LOCATION FIRE AS FUCKKK !!!! Imma post endless pictures 
Don’t be sneak dissin America lmaoooooooo 
Scenes in the studio!

Where on earth is 
Just caught up on last night’s 
I wouldn’t keep him Russ his always injured 
Hahahaha sorry 
Thanks and love the spelling of Palmer's first name! 
It takes me way longer to recover after a Grey Cup these days 
I'm in heaven 
"Oh I forget the question, I was just saying things." 
Happy your back, can’t wait to get you out there at gunner on punt team in 2018


Again!


Imagine how much we could get done without the distractions of cyber world! 
The CFL knows how to celebrate too. 
The Hockey Parent Coach is what every Hockey Arena needs 
Amir Khan you are an ex boxer, of course you can do it!!! 
Hahahahahhahaha yesss first time I’ve ever used them all 
The weather is looking good today ladies 
Ladies from 
VERY, very true! 
 thoughts: i wanted to like it, but the way they resolved the crisis made the whole movie redundant. i thought the whole point was to show that a team is stronger than any one person...but if you've seen the film, you know damn well who saved the day 
this astounding clone of 
The moment Cesc Fabregas revealed he was the one who threw pizza at Sir Alex Ferguson in the famous 'Pizzagate' saga 
this pretty much sums us up together 
Dear Theresa, it's not the number of MPs that counts it's how you use them. You have to do more with less that's all 
 Elizabeth is a Great British Nutter; I can’t get enough 
We can't wait either 
 Throwback to that time me & my don SP MC had an imaginary freestyle battle with an imaginary mic 
Today has been entirely too much on here. Peak 
This child cracks me up! Laughing his head off watching the tele!
We thought this picture would be gangsta, but actually it looks like we’re having a wee! 
Think someone needs to get to JELLI STUDIOS quickly!
Wants a car for Christmas now 
Even on a night out we can't escape the students 
'He's not finished, he's 28'

Greatest phone in ever 
Daniel Sturridge finding out that his pace on FIFA is 76 is too funny 
This time next week I’ll be sat in my seat waiting to see 
Well a huge thank you to 
 where's the group photo taken with your fancy camera? 
 I think they'll understand...
Day 3 of FPOS-I today in Notts on to scenarios and some BAFTA winning performances! 
Great Show 
You know AC is in kak when his daughters are defending him on Twitter!
68000 of 75000 is 90.67%

That's an A+. You are busy hating on Cassper Nyovest but you can't even get 40% to qualify to write an exam. 

BITCH SIT DOWN, BITCH BE HUMBLE 
Housemate 
Go big or go home, Ian. And, if you go home, you’re hardly supporting 
There has never been a more competitive family. 
This photo has cracked me up 
You look cute in this pic I look a hot ratchet mess 
Ever wondered how you’d look as a giant Brussels sprout? Us too. Use our 
My favourite text message of the day - my grandmother telling me that the wrong royal was engaged! 
Who else has been here with their kid or one you've coached? Perfect glimpse into half our 
Cruel to be kind 
A twinkle on 
Panopticon as office layout!!! Read this and 
This is actually kinda 
When the bonus is more than, the monthly payment..Forever Grateful for HAPPY CLIENTS...
Feeling like a jar of Marmite right now... 
A twistable pencil 
"The average Common Market official - he has the organising ability of the Italians, the flexibility of the Germans and the modesty of the French. And that's topped up by the imagination of the Belgians, the generosity of the Dutch and the intelligence of the Irish." 
Rut-Roh..

"
In addition we are continuing with our other daily work. We have just recovered this 
Thank you! The teachers will be ‘discussing’ which teacher exactly impressed you with their vocal skills now! 
Never give up 
Got one myself from 
 -Herb HQ
Why have I decided to sing really soft vocals on half of this album 
I don’t think there’s anyone else like you una
The best 24 hours of the year!! Donate, stream or go watch some live improv now in Chicago 
Ayyy, love this bro, proud of you man, great seeing you friday too, keep pushing. " luke luke lukeeee" at the end finished me 
Childcare this good is medium rare. 
Couldn't believe how many Mortal Kombat references were in last night's Saturday Night Live E-sports skit.

- Death Fight 12
- Scorponox
- Sonic Goon

I lost it when Boo Boo took 1 punch, said NO! then quit the fight. 
Good for her. 
Atleast we know 
Loved meeting 
Donald's happy day 
What a minge .....classic 
I’ve just been crying with laughter at this 
One from last night with Leonardo DiCaprisun himself 
Facebook Live for tv is a winner 
Dom mispronouncing EMMERSON MNANGAGWA is too funny!! 
We stay laughing 
Well the DJ in 
And I'm on the cover too,  with my 
 which course? I have so many contenders 
Who saw it ?? 
Scotland fans at Wembley 
I've just cracked up at this 
When the stag thinks he's on the same flight as the lads. 
Loooool I'm done 
My man 
Sometimes the only way to get through life is to laugh at how disastrous you are 
I look like that greasy meat thing you get rotating in the kebab shops 
I'm the sort of person who can make £3.67 last me a year or spend £100 in 5 seconds 
On set. I'm "Derrick Johnson" this movie. Not Rico.. okay people?! 
 trust me!
 thanks Jo, that means a lot coming from you. Looking forward to working under the guidance of 
Wales' TPD and College Tutors are approachable, interested, and treat trainees as individuals.  
This video is still too funny 
I swear every time I break up for any holidays , my life is around the pool and my bed 
"Can I just say good job on pushing Mr Nightingale out the window"

Creasing up at Prince 
How do I already know all the words to 
Amazing. My favourite so far! Ok everyone, how about yours? 
Filmed this for CBBC ... now a shameless plug to you lot too 
On the Panel for the Wright stuff tomorrow C5 9.15 will say stuff and some of it will be funny 
Gave her a ring and she still eats out of a can 
Date night. Dinner of champions 
Looks like the Boss Man had a few laughs at last night's event - 
If 
I know I spend half my life in water but blue planet scares me so much I can't watch it 
 @happy_person47 top man minty if I see you it's free as long as not Heathrow 
So this was my weekend 
Hope your proud guys 
They must’ve all taken a few too many blows to the head if they think they felt any chance at all 
Black out curtains working well 
Great people. Only draw back is having to work with 
Selby world number 1 for 6 years.... table 5 please sir 
Been in the bath so long i had to get out to get supplies then get back in 
Just had a nice conversation on here with a guy called Ethan from  on Instagram.

He asked me how Shirt Stays worked and we had a great little chat. 
Hopefully no more re-tucking for him! 
(If I managed to convince him to try our Shirt Stays. 
In the other venue?? 
What is going on in the boxing on dave
I’m a nosey bitch 
this fella blagged his way on to babestation, i've never cried with laughter so much
Brilliant!! 
Can't believe we've lost to AFC Wimbledon 
New skill I have learnt through iGEM #123427: communicating with a very ill team member (Chris) in the lab via post it to save his voice 
Earlier this week we sent some exciting parcels to Sheffield and 
When, as team leader, you have no idea what this is and have to trust that we need to spend a small fortune on it 
Maybe amend that to "tonight" No Soul or Techno just banging left field dance tracks that will have you Shazamming all night 
Can you do a better Brummie accent than the stars of 
Gordon banks wearing a 
Can’t wait to see this. As no London show I will have to work harder to persuade 
I recognise him .... or is it me? 
In the practice room with some young up and coming snooker players like 
This week’s staff task was Mr Langston learning to ride a unicycle! Brave man! A huge well done! 
Oh....my....God....! What a night! 
Name any producer- any real producer- and tell me they don’t love Star Wars. 
So I guess u could say it’s a toss up if tn will be any better or not 
Today shall be remembered as the day all these big RA Dj’s applaud the no more poll move (after the poll already made their careers) 
 || 
Obama: 97.4M Twitter followers
trump: 43.8M bots and morons

Obama uses it LESS, uses it smarter, gets way more likes & retweets. 

See that, 
What is the club president doing undermining the Ashes effort by catching Mark Stoneman in the WACA warm-up
EDM djs complaining about BPMs not being perfect whole numbers 
“Yuh bloodclaat yuh neck shoulda pop” 
Paul Merson on the FA Cup... Unreal pundit! 
She clearly loves me as much! 
A winning solution to Page 3 from 
 is on channel4+1 as we speak! Perfect timing for our wee video 
"He is currently unemployed" 
 looks like 15 but his voice sounds like 30 
How do you solve the problem of junk in space? Use a giant harpoon gun of course! 
Truffle the dog is every single one of us when it finally snows 
.where are you? Probably feeling all Royal and Fancy. Meanwhile the 
Yeah da Bois!! proud of the team work... should of won it though hahah 
What island the judges stay on?? 
Taken the fiancé out to Bath Christmas Market to counteract the recent policing. Always important to have a proper Police / Day Job / Life balance as a 
Tell me you get lonely           
ME FIGHTING SECURITY @ MY SHOW 
Finally! 
Y'all doing security at concerts allowed me to talk to and hug 
When you tell the ballinger brothers you don't take protein supplements 
Omg I actually have zero notifications on my phone!! What is this madness? ... I feel cleansed! 
We’ve all felt this 
See you in PE 
It's officially December! Which means we are allowed to get excited for Christmas without being criticised by our friends and colleagues!
Lmaooo... Just saw this on FB. Cannot tell you how much I relate to this!! 
and Bush is open for business. Come frolic amongst the flowers. Bush is full (
Lol yah same here.... he was suppose to win the big competition too 
We’re loving 
I did NOT want to show my finished painting! 
Correcting Thurs night  
Bans up in January, cup final then Europe next season! I'll have a bit of that!! 
Yep, it's past 5pm on Friday evening! It's the weekend.
This is gonna be the view outside 
Yes, 
These guys... 
How every forward feels....
Year 11....bear this in mind for your composition session tomorrow! 
Mrs J will provide a reward to any students who come to me on Monday with what this is.... 
Told to me by a former student.
Why did the Anglo-Saxons lose at Maldon?
Because they'd Byrhtnoth more than they could chew 
Thank you to everyone who posted & sent me this 
Lmao Conor's suit 
She'll never recover from that 
Those jeans 
Heard from very good source who was there that Rupert Murdoch stormed out of The Times Election Party after seeing the Exit Poll 
Loved doing 
Just booked our tickets to Winter Wonderland this year. Competitive dad won’t be leaving without a giant teddy!! 
Why do we have to go back to work tomorrow? 
Dustin: "Ferg, where are ya from?"

Ferg: "Ballinasloe"

Dustin: "Sorry?"

Ferg: "Ballinasloe"

Dustin: "No I heard ya...i'm just sorry!" 
Just seen this on Facebook and I can't stop laughing! 
Let’s get this trending for 
A glimpse into Herbie’s future 
Retweet if you agree this is one of the greatest comedy moments ever 
Yes we are 'that' family matching pj's and all 
When you open a box with curiosity.... it's not always what you wanted 
"YESS NAN"!! MY NAN IS A G !!

No nonsense advice from our own 
Release the balls! 
Teaching history  - ‘Richard Arkwright would host parties and that would keep his workers sober for the rest of the year... You know what sober means?’ Tuition kid responds - “Sure it’s like a fruit ice cream... oh wait that’s sorbet.” 
Every other year group has block 4 apart from Y3 
We share a few tweets from 
Armed gaurd in Durham and I was been good lol 
WHEN A BANGER COMES ON IN THE CLUB 
 Well said
ALWAYS pay attention to the road ahead! 
Whose dad is this??? lmao he wanted his 15 minutes of fame 
 about 3pm
Our Principal David joined us for sports! He didn’t cheat.....honest! 
Someone had bread rage at 
Didnt see this coming at all 
That is the most hilarious GIF we've seen all week! 
I swear every track athlete has one of those crazy training sessions when they question their track careers 
Trying to tell people how badly the Bears are going to suck this weekend while looking THIS ridiculous. Chicago has the best sports reporters hands down! Made my morning 
This is what Morgo does on her DAY OFF. 
Star Wars electric razors. 
This is my favorite
The disrespect to the Turnover Chain 
Swords: 1
Ghost Adventures crew: 0


Zak's reaction to dolls > anything else 
It's one of those nights I'm just gonna crawl in bed covered in construction dust, chicken and duck poop, itchy hay,and horrendous body odors. Too tired to shower. I'll burn the sheets tomorrow 
For the past week at work I kept hearing a cat. Oddly I heard it everywhere. Realized today it's my new boots. They meow when I walk. 
Save your best moles from 
Me and the Fam catching the CP Holiday Train, we even made the 6oclock news interviewing my fan crazed Mom 
 some of these “talking heads are hilarious!!
This is the new era of b-ball! I’m not hating, just saying, that’s a layup for 2 points, instead it’s a 1 on 1 three point shot. 
“‘Tis the season.” 
BIG ANNOUNCEMENT TIME! Another Black Girl Miracle is available as an audiobook!!!!!! I tried to use my sexy voice but it didn't work out. 
who lives in a pineapple under the sea? me and 
 is the internet gift that keeps on giving 
Just to clarify - I am not shipping my kids off somewhere! 
That’s one use I hadn’t considered... storage of children in soapboxes! 
You think Butt Hurt Bud was mad about being locked out of practice?  Jimbo on his private jet will put old Bud over the edge 
Perfect 
Just found these on my phone, 
 fr tho. God dey 
Bruh you still got that weird smile 
Funniest channel on youtube, hands down 
Can you see me in the 
Must watch!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Watch out 
Can that 'celeb' show themselves and shame the devil 
Lol. No, I'm not entering this one
. I want to see what happened afterwards
Mine is similar. Has different sleeping quarters AND a verandah. You can imagine the mission I had putting it up for the first time. 
Mark Westmoreland of Wolfburn at the Potstill Festival in the Netherlands - expecting comments 
Little Tadhg taking over Ryan's show! "Let's have some fun will we?" 
When are can’t even trust yourself! 
When online shopping goes wrong, we can sort it out! 
Oh she's American Irish now, is she? Ok, cool. 
This wasn’t meant for the live stage... Normally we do this in rehearsal. Sorry 
2 hardy huars going at in 
Every parent is suddenly delighted that their child is learning the tin whistle 
 my small little cute ears
My house is clean, so if anyone wants to come visit, now would be the ideal time 
Ah ha.... that’s where baby carrots come from 
Amir "there's probably 10 better chefs than me" there's nine other people there 
It’s a wrap for me on 
 you present a very strong case re nicer side of Errigal 
Thanks for the solid advice, 
Delighted for my Godfather Jerry today, a loyal supporter of the game. Pity 
Lol! When the camel stuck it's face in Amir's bum! 
Rte going all out today making the pundits stand up for pre match analysis 
Please support my GoFundMe campaign: 
Serious night at the 
This Sunday don't miss out, I'll be parking cars 
The best picture Iv seen in a while 
Have a few minutes? This is very good! 
Trainers' title?! 
 Impact! 
Easy life with the lazy arm 
Pooks, you will always be the gem to my 
Faut garder les pieds sur terre
We've always fancied ourselves at a bit of small ball 
Brilliant show need your support it’ll be a great 
Hands down, one of the best callers we've ever had! 
Overheard at Ozobot coding: "I expect one of these in my stocking for Christmas." 
Why is there no picture of Zlatan Ibrahimovic on the wall at Manchester United? 

Just wait for his answer. 
The Olympian, the Hollywood actor & the rugby player! Just your average 
Ummmm... 
Eye spy. Playing owl and mouse (aka camouflage). Can you see us?! 
I am SCREAMING! It is time the world knows. This is by far the best production I've seen from NBC to date 
Checkout 
Might “Marty DiBergi” be one of the finest documentarians of his generation…? 
Marieke bought me a beer purely based on the name/bottle. In retrospect, it's a nice name/bottle. 
It’s not snowing here down the South West but Mariah Carey is on the radio.....THIS IS NOT A DRILL PEOPLE, CHRISTMAS IS COMING!! 
Getting in trouble for being smutty! Getting told off by the Producers! The mucky pair! 
Kitty accidentally pressed the turbo button 
So it’s officially official my brother 
fbi says me and my Kings are black identity extremists 
ma ya mcm on twitter responding to Common tweets
We 'C' what you did there! 
Kyrie didn't wear the black mask because he couldn't see in it 
When bae says "come over I'm home alone" 
every time i facetime my dad i see this 
When you find your favorite pick in the dryer and thought you lost it! 
Just download 
The upside to taking all notes at work on laptop using 
Every lil helps 
This omelet is insane, def do the trick for being up all night 
As soon as I saw this I new you won the Photoshop contest... hilarious 
BRUH 
Australian journalist experiences *most kiwi Twitter exchange* ever 
Is this the attire for tomorrow’s show 
A bad moms Christmas was hilarious! Highly recommend for some belly giggles 
The new Thor film is one of the funniest films I've seen this year. That end scene... 
dec's face has had me and 
My fave pic of the weekend 
Was starting my tweet with « the streak is over ... » deleted that quick as f*** 
This is excellent. Guardiola’s reaction to being told City broke a 22-year-old record at Huddersfield: swears in Catalan, answers in English by mistake, swears in English 
'David De Gea could save PlayStation 1 games without a memory card.' These are outstanding! 
 wonder how many 
Ruptured ACL but who cares after a 95th minute winner 
Sue...we have a good apperitite 
Whose coming ? We're doing the catering...
My cousin has coloured coded his Christmas list 
That's the second wedding proposal I got on my YT channel 
My new laptop talks to me: What country do you live in? Österreich (Austria).
You selected Haiti.
Close enough. What's 6000 miles anyway 
Funniest thing I've seen in a while!  
A group of nuns have set up a chicken soup kitchen called "Nundo's" 
4 years ago threw a party for 
Because the notes weren’t hard enough to hit before! 
 literally every single time!
Trying to find Spurs in the premier league table 
Lil' and large 
Having a stringless writing session tonight, feels a bit weird.. 
When you’re competing in China so your carry on is literally a backpack filled with 
2 days tae go n 
Errr ma Wee pal oan Twitter!... Get him followed troops! Haha. Stevie’s gonnae smash you!!! 
 This episode is too good, the drama is lit. 
 what a panto! Outstanding performances from everyone especially Muddles. Didn’t stop laughing! 
Another Flair-Move from Corby „Junge“ 
Haha! Loving that camera in your mouth!!! 
Excited to be running against you..although you’ll have a head start on me 
Did 
Morning guys!! Feeling a bit worse for wear this morning after my day 
Yes, that base64 helps a lot...

  Always brings back the laughs
When your dad becomes twitter famous 
everybody’s facial expressions are priceless 
 & i are literally the same person
My grandpa just told me he’s been printing out 8x10s of the AHS poster and giving it to the all the friends and fam we have. 
Massive thanks2 
Thought these were someone’s legs 
This thread. 
I'm soooo tired this morning that my letters are jumbling up when I'm typing - so, sorry for the huge amount of typos that are likely to occur today! 
Lone midlands poet navigating London tube & bus lines = havoc 
loving 
IS THIS A BETTER PICTURE 
Ben Stiller, eat yereart aht! 
 channelling his best Bond look here methinks 
Sitting in an open salon, half naked having a shoulder massage with 
NOT PASS INTERFERENCE AGAINST OHIO STATE 
At a coffee spot near my apartment reading and their playlist is incredible - all the emo songs I loved in middle/high school (and still do
Having one of those days where I JUST miss every single train I need to take 
Not wearing a wig ~ that’s the hood on my jacket 
Lol the 
 wearing DHL, hoping he delivers. Should have gone with Yodel 
Ya’ll. Check my man out. He tried to not be photoed as a part of this dog and pony show lol 
Today I got reaffirmation that my daughter is a true artist. 

Me:"What song is that?"

Etta:"I'm singing a song and you're destroying it!"
Wait for it......
"They're turning it in to a mosque"

"FACK OFF" 
Latest Ozzy Man Reviews - Rat v Sheila 
Fantastic, shiny arsed idiot 
WHAT IS THIS???? 
That reaction 
English teacher OP 
 Haha so not ready for this interview 
Something really wong with 
WHAT IS THIS 
Wew 
It’s always so shocking when students ask to shadow me. I was a student like yesterday. 
Man, I don’t know whether to be happy or sad after 
Mandela ready for 
What would u Do? 
bro you hilarious
We survived week one on Heroes ' Graveyard 
 - Day 2 is live! I think I'm caught up now, right? Right!? YAY!

I'm a Bugbear Now! Want some bearhugs? You can just call me Hugbear? 
I was so not ready for these feels! Dang it, Will! 
Drake lucky we living in THESE times tho. He was supposed to been disqualified soon as we heard the reference track. 
 Thank u 
D&D Forever... er wait... Licornes&Labyrinthes Forever! 
From the Radioactive Man episode of The Simpsons the sign outside the hospital that says "Our extra patients make patient extras" 
Privileged to take on this role, but improvement is required after my  'dodgy' debut at this mornings branch postal AGM 
When it comes to high stakes snap, the Cincinnati Kid’s got nothing on 
Crying here 
Happy bass drum taking in the scorching Rome sun 
Hahaha the steward at the Blackburn game today, wait for it... 
1 weekend. 3 gigs. Every one a belter! 

Have some pics tomorrow hopefully... 

But for now here’s why we don’t wear hats... 
"Two weeks ago I was in Estonia for a space conference..." just casually slip that in 
Berlin Tonight @ Griessmühle

I say tonight, the rave starts tonight (Friday) @ midnight

My set time is Saturday 4pm - 7pm 

Long haul 
Haha Ratchford then 
Great night 
Second time round 
Here's this nightmare, brought to you in the flesh by Betty Crocker: 
Three newly pregnant mums? 
Whoa.....do I watch 
This could be topped off if Damage was on it!! 
Started teaching HTML to my 7-year-old using the Custom HTML block in Gutenberg. We practiced I, B, U, & S tags. He pronounced it “hitmal” 
Seems like sound advice from someone who knows the real deal. 
Teens chosen 16th birthday night was to visit our local 
Teens chosen 16th birthday evening was to go 
At least it was guaranteed vegetarian...
My daughter is obsessed with Henry Viii, (bless being 5!) She can tell you all about his wives, which throws a lot of grown ups as they can hardly remember the names themselves 
Oh God... they're back 
The Mad Scottish farmer getting plastered 
Grand national on the building site. 
I won't take the risk 
Tell him to move you’re the BBC for goodness sake 
Had a great time at 
You know you have amazing lecturers when you can’t sleep because you’re too excited for a lecture tomorrow 
Sorry chef, forgot, but will definitely get it when we are in next. Would it be at all possible to get you to sign it too, and ask 
In the event of crisis, open any page and quote. Lol 
DMX did a holiday Spotify single as well.... I have no words for this 
When your too busy chatting and miss the yoga class.. *me n 
 our faces!! U were so hardcore Nicola.. 
How on earth 
Stop what you're doing, the best football clip you'll see today is here... 
Watch Paul Scholes face when Gerrard admits he never won the league 


"let me see what you have.."
"a knife"
"NOOOOOO" 
48 vinyl titles on sale for the next 48hrs you say 
Now we are waiting for summer time for swimming pool
We think it’s the greatest accent of them all. Santa however... 
For those who're attending 
Internet is indeed a scary place 
Because this is how journalism works 
You're so dry it's like the desert 
The left is calling Trump a racist for calling out fake Native American Elizabeth "Pocahontas" Warren, when SHE is the one who pretends to be Native American... Isn't that cultural appropriation? 
Good luck tonight mate 
Give him here potter 
class 
This Yorkshire vs Lancashire game on 30th August at headingley, should be a cracker.. Woody is all geared up 
Wagga woody told me to send you this 
Butter bean 
Well that was certainly worth staying up for mcgregor butchered mayweather
Jonny get your screwball Tits off the island pal 
Grown men crying tho cos one of them been voted out after 3 days.. absolute melts 
Out of context that statement would freak me out. Fortunately I'm not talking to Liam Neeson 
How many ears does Captain Kirk have? Three! His left ear, his right ear and his final frontier...
Big Shaq has made it to the House of Commons 
 my 8 year old nephew LOVES Citizen Khan! His go to response to any problem is 'oh twaadi'... Thanks. I think? 
Haha!! 
When the signs should really be switched 
Did anyone else catch Andrew Neil saying 'breakfast' instead of 
As discussed last week with 
Aw ofa atu Tara!! We are super grateful you could be there today. We are too haha 
It’s a disgrace Rory. And the “exclusive “ first class menu is laughable! Although 
Sweden cause an upset to rob Italy of their place at the World Cup.

That'll teach them for playing with a flat-pack four! 
 got to love 

Do you vote in Twitter polls? 
Sooner you accept marriage isn't 50/50,the smoother the journey. Someone always puts in more! Make sure it's him 
Just to clear the air, I will not be the next head football coach at Tennessee. 
Parent of the year award goes to.....
3 under thru 6 ... 3over thru 7               Don't make 11's on a par 5 it hurts the scorecard  
I was told I could find my golf game at the end of the rainbow 
I love Bristol 
Recording the Cast Soundtrack yesterday for 
Look at the dog!!! 
Y'all took that L so beautifully last night 
Haha that's sweet 
Bro my friends watch a YouTube video whenever they don't know how to do something 
 aye unk 
When yo momma say “we got food at the house” and warm up them Thanksgiving left overs for the 5th day in a row. 
Had the pleasure to pass rush against him. Let’s just say my Madden moves didn’t go as planned 
Me going into wrk tomorrow 
When it comes to sleeping in bed with you. Kids have absolutely no respect for your personal space 
Bodak Yellow got the Eagles RBs going crazy 
Such a good night on Thursday!! Laughed all the way through it
The best drive I ever seen effortless.. 
What a great feeling them tigers kills the chickens.. 
Just wait they making it look real good wait until Coach Swinney put his feet on the gas 
100% bomb! What a beaut! 
Guys 
They always messing up my order 
Ultimate photo bomb 
We are already embarrassing you on the dance floor! 
 this evening was WONDERFUL. Felt like a really accessible look into political reality; a sordid love story 
When you're trying to do a postgame interview but LeBron is watching the Buckeyes 
'There’s something wrang wi yer sink' 
Needed to do paperwork tonight but instead I indulged in ultimate 
I literally have said this to myself every morning for years 
They set you up 
Yeah this is why I’m always freaking out about what might be below me in the sea 
Thanks for the giggles 
They really think I wouldn't find out.... smh
Great times but can't believe it's been 7 years!!! Like to think I haven't aged a bit 
"6 to 9 but I go overtime" 
5 minutes into 1 on 1s and the Rams/Chargers already have beef
You are not the "FATHER" 
The most powerful man of the world cmon now lol I’m dead
Not them just they coach
Lol I’m dead
I swear my girl is my biggest fan. She getting hyped up like she know sum about football. Lmao. 
Who sent me this? It’s brilliant! 
You had me in stitches ! Well done Nic. Bloody brilliant! 
Brilliant performances from 
Last two shows then off for a week! Will miss our crazy beautiful MAD show and everyone in it but boy, my body is ready for a rest 
Soooo 
Some rare footage of 
.... 
My guy 
 Happy Thanksgiving everyone!!
Chill.. 
It’s entirely to cold for me in the Midwest 
If you didn’t catch me on my other show 
3. Tig got her sense of humor from her mom. Needless to say, I got mine from TV. This photo is my childhood in a nutshell 
2. The day they met, on camera, in front of hundreds of strangers is also the day my grandma decided she'd take custody of me. And I wasn't even conceived yet. 
I have an idea. Why doesn’t someone make a shoe advent calendar? I’d buy one... 
"The World's Most Expressive Asian" Pt 2 in response to casting directors. Things get expressive here w/ 
Dis funny asf cuh 
Or maybe this whole time you were just saying "locker up"? 
If you're not a 
Oh okay
Lol that’s not a thing mike 
Eddie a real Og 
Caption this
Been waiting for 
BR shit 
This just to easy 
Womit 
Those are tears of joy... she’s not sad to be there... 
I love these lyric challenges!!! 
Never, ever celebrate early 
Very funny 
 Haha love it
It’s an old video by 
'Big Angie's been gawn wae Paulo Nutini! That's why he wrote Iron Pie!' 
I'm on 
'What do I want for Christmas Santa? To stay young at heart forever without fear of foe or rust!' 
It's winter 
Should be good fun 
them ones where you go through to 
So we had a productive day today 
Both true and funny 
 Bro!! That gotta be one of the funniest scenes ever!! I be in tears every time I watch it!
“I don’t hate love or relationships, I just hate when people are cringey about it”. Great end to a great convo! 
Lol @ UCF thinking they're in the playoff 
I was waiting for you at da door 
LOL this is hilarious 
Lee Sharpe on Eric Cantona and his red against Crystal Palace 
Make sure you wear your hat 
Does Brexit mean you’ve excluded all others 
Can you say this today Peeky? ‘Scottish PGA coaches” 
Appeared on Good Morning Britain earlier today with 
Talking to 
Ahhhh, no wonder Iz always seeing ya! We clearly frequent the same “recovery centers.” 
Truly romantic relations 
Do you agree, guys? 
How to properly explain Kotlin when you have to reach a big Spanish audience 
Cheers for the present 
Need this for tonight 
Great "making fun of scammers" podcast! thanks 
Dude, 
A homage to Bastian Schweinstieger’s friends in the American press by 
 I bet you will like this posts image will be even better than the last one... 
Rather be an eagle than a..seagull 
3 points 3 goals and a bit of banter with the celebrations 
I love meeting fans of The B-Team 
Don't kids collect erasers anymore? I would have loved this 
If your 
10k more my boy. Then go buy you a car 
Brodie not putting up with the cupcake tonight! 
Caught him sleeping 
Fun fact: In college I memorised pi to 50 dp. These days I can recall around 30 
Andrew Cabezas took part in the 15-second challenge. His category was trees.

It didn’t go so well... 
Yal go support my sis Elsie!! You can look her up in the dictionary under the word AMAZING!
Ok Andy you’ve redeemed yourself 
Well, I think it is safe to say that 
Aston Villa players all in fancy dress today 
'Replacing your Grade A lawnmower with a pair of scissors' 
When there's a packed press room on pins waiting for Sam Allardyce's first presser and 
Can’t believe I’ve just used over 2mins of my life watching this 
These booties are my winter essential!! These and full body thermals 
Guys did you check out yesterday’s Video?! Just realised I never posted a link on here... Oops 
SURPRISE !!!! SNEEK PEEK AT TONIGHTS NEW VIDEO 
So there’s no new video tonight but I cannot wait for you to see tomorrow’s!! Something a hella lot of you have requested 
Try and spot the difference 
Tweet me your favourite screenshot from tonight’s vlog 
My fave part of the vlog when 
Tonight’s new vlog is a good one 
 cheers Gary 
, I’ll take that. What a title 
Thank you but many would disagree ben, I’ve been called untalented and a fat shit in the space of 32 minutes 
The madam line killed me pal 
Do you guys also eat the whole 
New York City vlog coming at you in 10 minutes! Can't wait to show you my Boosted board skills! Just kidding, never in my life! 
You will DIE laughing at this episode hahahahaha 
Makes the best TV! 
Love this clip from 
Heart and Cineworld are bringing this 2003 feelgood family classic to the big screen, and YOU can be there! Who loves Elf? 
This was fun earlier.... 
So this happened today - LOVED IT! Cunning stunts 
eBay and Black Friday proved to be a fatal combination for my student loan 
She did ask some good questions! 
Love the coverage of the cricket. They cut to an Aussie in the crowd who looks at the camera and immediately shouts “Wenger out!” 
It’s a wet Saturday so what else is there to do bar sleep 
Well eating treats n watching tv obs 
Who’s gonna be the first female with the high waist fight shorts
Definitely taking no prisoners this morning... 
So, same again tomorrow? 
This is class from Ryan Bertrand 
 tells it like it is!
The "Nobel Prize in Economics" was established by Sweden's central bank in celebration of it's 300th birthday, not by Alfred Nobel. That explains a lot! 
LMFAOOO
Happy Thanksgiving!! 
Our set on 
So excited for Kitty Flanagan's SOLD OUT show tonight. Here is a sneak peek of the lol's 
What real Nutritionists eat for lunch (when it’s not steak?) 
Best caption and go! 
Get ready to laugh because Howie Mandel is coming to Melbourne! 
LEVELS of disrespect 
Frank Shelton has brought his owl, Kim, to see Prince Harry & Meghan Markle in Nottingham. 
"Harry is bringing his bird so I thought I'd bring mine" he says. 
This pic sums up these guys 
Driving home from the studio tonight listening to local Boston radio discussing A&M football. Never thought I’d see the day. 
Caught up with 
Drake’s expression after getting caught on camera pouring a drink at a basketball game is the funniest thing you’ll see today. 
The analysts are killing me this is hilarious 
How UPS Workers Training For The Holidays 
Told Siri play something I like and Zion by Lauren Hill came on ..lit 
.. That's for the money I respect it.
So I went to Chicago and amazed a bunch of people going to Lollapalooza 

We know what’s gonna be on Chuck’s 
He told me and Marshon he wasn’t gone let us outdo him 
Jeris somewhere screaming 
REAL. TEARS. 
If i had $1 ever time i heard this 
 black people are the shit man.. so much sauce. 
THE INTERNET STAYS UNDEFEATED!!!!! 
The last one 
Lol whoever did his spat went craaaaazy
Already got it mastered 
Dawg missed the bus, this shit so funny Bra I swear 
I wish I could retweet this 1000 times
 is a QBs best friend
crazy how coaches can leave whenever they please, but when a player wants to transfer they want to take a year of eligibility away
 with a side of 
Can't get enough of these handshake fails 
When your friends are all saying they are busy and it’s your birthday, I’m at the point where I hope it’s a joke
Six years and counting at the 
run con·cierge (noun): “A tour guide and a trainer and a friend all in one” 
This is running 
We’ve seen a couple poop your pants incidents but no shame. You’re racing, own it. It happens
This year marks my 10th year doing the steeplechase, and I only signed up for it because of a scheduling conflict in high school. - 2017 Jackie Joyner-Kersee Award winner 
Ha. I sang this when I had Laryngitis. The emotion was there so we kept it. My voice def doesn’t do that naturally. 
My brothers really be keeping me from going down under
 she felt them eyes lookin
Lmao “ I love bridges” 
Bitch, why this got me so weak lmfao 
we all know this feeling 
Stranger things when the demogorgon comes 
Made sure I’m at the Post office early ready to post the leotards as I have gym at 10am ...... it’s taking a while, the que is now out the door 
Swear I thought this was drake on my TL lmao 
Spent the past week capturing stunning video & photos & got to have some fun along the way. Thanks, Gabriel for the help w/ lyrics. 
Jalen Rose said Embiid was immature for saying he’s at 69% so Embiid said he was at 81% the next time he was asked. Kobe dropped 81 on Jalen Rose. 
Shannon sharpe shot his shot and was successful salute 
Multi-tracks for Reckless Love now available for all you thirsty worship leaders 
JuJu and Le'Veon reenacted the A.J. Green and Jalen Ramsey scuffle as a touchdown celebration 
Look what she made you do…. 


this definitely got me, so funny 
Why you do them like that meg 
Bruh I literally got tripped and kicked in the head 
Ya know girls and boys can actually JUST be friends (in some cases 
how did i spend £40 on sunday night when i didn't pay for any taxis , i got pissed before i went and took vodka in my bag 
Seen someone selling this on Facebook the other day
Oh my god I’m in tears, don’t fall 
There is no such thing as bad press. I see you 
Meetings sure are quick at 
uhhhh wot, 
Soon 
Just peeped 
Yo  
When your friends peer pressure you 
IM LAUGHING SO HARD 
When you open the front camera on accident
Ask & you stall receive!!

 THAT WAS YOU WTH THE MADDEN VIDEO  AHHAHAHA 
You surprised ? Lmao you see my streams ? Dumb shit happens all the time 
niggas got twitter lit in the Afternoon like yo CHILL 
HOMIE SMOKING BIG DICKS 
 always got me dying 
Lmao 
When u realize u got over excited & didn’t win the lottery 
The number of people sliding in my DM's and emails now....
Lmaoo i had to rewind just to see ma man 
Literally not even a minute later I’m bagging up 
"It’s crazy to think that, only five years ago, Hollywood awarded their highest honor to a glorified TV movie because they felt bad for Ben Affleck." 
Not three but I’m currently heading into the arena about to take care of business
Guillotine was hitting at Lolla. 

The shimmy just slipped out. 


Bruuuuhhh 
Support the bro 
Stumbled on this throwback from the 90’s... Man does time fly 
Hopefully for his birthday 
Corey Kluber displays his characteristic range of emotions upon hearing he won the 
Who did this?? 
Them sleds must got 
Know your worth fellas...
Too much fun playing corner with this guy 
Internet always acting like fools 
How you gone publicly try to play the kid 
This dude is playing QB for both teams! 
Dying 
Trump’s attorney tweets for him? 
Why would you jump in a pool if you can't swim 
Excuse the slight interruption. 
Have a listen - love this episode! 
I *actually* looked forward to 
About last night... 
Always speaking the truth big bro 
When your mum texts you to let you know you've stolen Megan and Harry's thunder 
I die every time 
Former Nebraska OL Sam Hahn's brother busts out his rapping skills after his surgery 
‘Disarmed by truth, Like an old wives tale.’ Probably my most cryptic lyric in Always. People keep replacing ‘old wives tale’ with ‘old white stain’, makes me laugh! 
Every time he uses this it makes me think of Trading Places, 

Not messing around....!

This... is awesome! 
When you realize it's FRIDAY!!!!

When someone massively steals your show 
be jealous, I get this wisdom every day 
Says the Central Bank that once printed $100 Trillion Bank Notes 
Dumbest typo/worst correction in my life. 
"I speak for pretty much every O-lineman...it's our favorite." 
 Badda Bing Badda Boom 
Kids keyboarding and booting kids offline in ranked play?? Come on man it is not that serious. If you reach pro level OpTic will not make a roster change for you. 
Brb—working on my "rabid prototyping" costume for Halloween. 
Getting into character for tomorrow's 
When you see yourself in a shop window 
Why am I laughing throughout this whole scene?
Power cut in my area 
What have i done... 
First play of Star Wars Battlefront II on 
I've rarely had as much fun at work, as when we filmed this! 
Today is my first audition where I’m taking my new anxiety medication. We’ll see how this goes. 
What a freakin awesome DAY! So many new friends!! What a killer hang! And thanks to some serious sub gifting we made it to 500 sub points. Crazytown. Enjoy that new emote! Gonna be a climb to 600 when these gifts drop off 
I just got in a fight at the Dollar Tree, how was your morning? 
Literally being a streamer that is 99% focused on chat and 1% on the game I feel this so much 
The good ole days of blowing into cartridges 
Here I was thinking my damn controller was broken! LMAO 
How can you not laugh at this 
Introducing Smart Arse Cars. Because Jockeys in Smart Cars makes total sense right?! 
'The One Thing' you need to know about being vertically challenged is...
Bear Prank 
Hame reckons he can stop a horse faster than this by just backing it! 
This man called his bank to check his balance. He also put it on speaker like we're supposed to be impressed by his $700. 
So... to usher in the new year, we should make a 2018 Sexy Streamer Calendar ... and donate the money to charity... who's in?
THIS DUDE 
Concentrate congrats 
Milling with an 1/8" of the tool in the collet was fun until I realised I could simply turn the piece upside down and access from the other side 
Woops 
Heating the blade before I warped it 
funny 
When pedantry meets irony. 
George Bailey 
I'm just going to play at my best, I cannot predict the movement of the safezone but I will loot as much to hope the game stays in my favor 
When Pro Csgo player 
The perfect quarter pipe! Almost. 
I really love her intensity on all of their faces.   
Only in Texas do you read this in a race flyer. 
Goodluck to Team Belgium and Marouane Fellaini 
Good morning England!

Here's a summary of what you've missed from Adelaide today. 


DRS - 3

Jimmy Anderson - 0


Buff ...
A user from 
No Sunday footy so Singapore races it is! Any decent mail around? Im hopeless 
WOW
I've been married to this handsome fellow for 20 years today. We ran 10 miles & did boot camp for our anniversary. 
U in da cold , I'mma in the hamam 
My dog... 
Playing from lebanon nice internet  
"Are you the DreamHack Snapchat?"
"Yes"
"Can I take a picture with you?"

Hahaha I'm dying. First and probably last fan pic 
Just won a 
I realized after posting this that most don't know I played a tournament myself today, wesg  
My dogs arent normal
Best thing I have read today 
Turns out Peter doesn't Skate! Behind the scenes of the Family Guy GoPro sketch 
Cubs fans don't be mad at the Dodgers for the no blocking rule be mad at Buster Posey. He did this to you 
Sorry for screaming down the Odeon Trafford Centre but this new 
Dont know If Its actually party event Im at 
This must be one of the pathetic ways to die 
LAX legit 40m wait for an Uber 
Happy belated, Pim! (Nov 19) 
Having a great time at the primland lodge in Virgina, drove around some motorbikes, shot my first shotgun in a round of skeet, and took as many candid photos as I could 
The guys at 
And the birthdays continue with these 2. 
Gotta love London today in the sunshine .. on London Bridge .. there's a bride and groom then further down a bag piper 
GREAT TIME THANKYOU
Few minutes to break time in secondary school, to be honest, i don't listen to what the teacher is teaching, My full attention is concentrated to hearing the bell ring 
Too funny not to share 
What do So F Amy and I do in our evenings?
Disclaimer: last note due to wine and crisps 
The way these banks female staff do their marketing these days is very sexual. They'll be like "oga just try us, we will open it for you just put anything inside and you will enjoy our service"
the best Jollof rice after the one of your mum is the party jollof 
Using your boyfriend's picture as Display Picture or Avatar doesn't scare us,

No be today we begin dey enter gates wey dem write 

"BEWARE OF DOGS"

Big Shout Outs to my big brother for stopping me from blowing a certain balloon I picked from the floor when I was 6 
During secondary school days, you will enter the staff room with just one offense, when you get in there, your offense multiplies, you'll hear another teacher say "this stupid boy, that was how he was disturbing my class yesterday" 
Who else had those teachers that acted fake when the principal walked into the classroom? 
Desperate Christmas Breakup

Guy: It's Over Between Us! 

Girl: Why? What have I done? 

Guy: Your Mum Didn't study abroad 

Ladies can never let go of N10 or N20 change in the market.
Seller: There is no N10 change oh, maybe when next you come to the market.
Me: please, do you have Maggie??
Gimme Maggie N10 
So much window in this window seat... 
Come watch 
Well looks like 
No joke - a dude with an eyepatch AND another dude with a pet parrot (who stays on his shoulder) go to my gym. I work out in a pirate training ground. 
 to be here for 
Those reactions! 
And I've landed in Toronto! And it's cold and raining. Feels like home. 
I don't know why mine's en Español but whatever 
Sorry, Adam (
I can't over the pictures 
Who made this 
“All the walls here are made of glass, so...” 
I’m still laughing. 
Game Of Thrones: Season 7-ep6 
The Defenders (2017):Season 1 
Insecure: Season 2-ep5 
Ballers: Season 3-ep5 
Game Of Thrones:Season7-ep6-hd-6sub 
Westworld:Season 1 
Got new 
And I actually thought I had a chance 
I’m not defending dude but 
Loving hats atm, but finding any to fit a pea head is difficult 
Makes me want to burn all my clothes and walk around Butt necked as a protest! 
Just arrived in Greenville for 
Guess where I was? 20 years since the first time, tissues were at the ready 
Reppin the 
 THIS IS SICK!!!!!
That snow come an went boy 
So glad this video has resurfaced 
Smashed my phone screen... happy friday to me 
TODAY 
Aaaaaand it's open for Black Friday. The one keen guy 10 seconds in 
Manchester that was peakkkkkkkkk SUPER PEAK 
Somehow they allow people dressed up in Mario Kart costumes to zip around Tokyo. It’s called MariCar 
Including my contracts 
That one time I had a bright idea to run away from home and ended up in 
You crack me up!! 
I've had a wild ride in student politics and turns out it's not over yet! 
I don't know why this boy 
Coolest people at Buffalo/Niagra airport right now 
A 'Wenger Out' placard at an anti-Mugabe protest march in Zimbabwe

Arsenal fans never disappoint 
If I see a girl with a big booty I’m staring idc 
Here’s wishing one of the nicest people I know. 
KD done brought Gogo to the West Coast 
James Johnson played himself 
Dawg!!! 
Yeah you guys do big turn outs for these things. Clearly got MOMENTUM 
Put me in, coach
MARCUS PETERS 
Nothing to see here, just Anthony Taylor outpacing Jessie Lingard... 
Fair enough.. 
I enjoy these 2 
I don’t remember that brother..Love you though 
one day we will maybe just see you 
 you mean Courtland Park* 
"You sent us the wrong 66" 
On a scale from one to even ... I. Can't. Even. 
It's December, so as far as I'm concerned it's Christmas 
North Carolina's bullpen 
Hallsy on his tweet to Selena Gomez: “Yeah that was a shot in the dark. But sometimes you need to shoot your shot.” 
Ahhh I just saw this! 
Saw a kid sit on 
My father was backstage calling himself BennyPalooza. 
Was I the only one confused about what Pink thought of Christina Aguilera’s Whitney tribute?
23 
Looking for a new hat? We hope so 
Don't hog the mic, 
Hilarious! I love how the kiwis always have a great sense of humour. Or is that a sunse of humour 
Happy surprises are something we've come to expect in our 2017 Wine Champions case, but this is a new one! 
Playing a little “Gaucho” as we mixed with the local Argentine culture! + this horse didn’t try and kill me (just wait for the outtakes) 
So, the 
What am I wearing 
Our very first interview in Arabic...! Native speakers, don't laugh 
You are making my evening 
I’m sorry you are 
While we're on about fine crime books, here's what I thought of 
Here's hoping 
And we’re off!  Glad we all packed light 
Dreamt I got a massive bollocking for being a minute late for the news on SAMfm Rocks Rugby from 
Decent that, was Patos goal though 
Just to clarify, Deano wasn’t physically watching me get out of bed today 
Nigel farage's empty, idiotic, hypocritical points ripped apart like cheap toilet paper on 
I thoroughly enjoyed watching this robot's attempts to stroll on grass.... 
This time of the year.
I am looking for an Australian cricketer to come on my 
Had a great time talking on the 
Guys I finally have a new phone! Sorry to anyone who has struggled to get in touch! Also now I can actually take nice pics!
 And of course let’s not forget the 15 minute pep talk I gave myself to prepare for making the phone call 
Have you received OUR Xmas card yet Sammy? 
No s*** would never have guessed. 
Pulling teeth is better than golf
Just missed this class 
Absolutely superb 
And at 
You never win the toss 
This is absolute gold from 
Turkey gets one day a year; 
When you step in the lobby and find your arch nemesis Dembe! 
Why eat leftover turkey when you can have .. 
Check it out! Here is what went down on Carpool Karaoke with 
This man dancing to Michael Jackson's ‘Remember The Time’ at a recent Janet Jackson concert absolutely KILLED IT. 
. Can't get "Told You So" off of repeat. 
been sent loads of tracks this month that all have a fucking donk on it, banging, bring back the donk 
 look like i been halloweening... 

Would you?! 
AMAZING: 
“My future’s bright as day they throwin all kind of shade” 
Christmas tip for all the parents out there 
Proud parent moment 
Who's dog is this?! 
Who can relate? 
So true 
Santa lowkey scared 
Real talk 
Why uberman 2 go so hard? 
This literally sums up my Kenya experience!!!
Look what I found!! 
When them drums comes in knockin!! 
11:40 AM — looked down and realized im in the studio by myself with a can of beer and a pair of maracas 
We have spanish all over the radio now.. I see asian ppl singing spanish in the club.. what's next white people singing Korean to 
 I most definitely don’t mind waiting, but I thought this was funny asf 
 you told me there would be no DP in Paris but I found it.. along with the man selling it 
When 
Lol ... wait till you see 
Slowly but surely my English is getting better 
Clips- I should tap this nigga Suge pockets
Goodz- Chill that might get uncomfortable 
Clips- Why what u think is in there?
Goodz- A box of fish sticks, a dollar worth of cheese, his keys, and a lunchable 


Fam I'm weakkk 
 bra thinks he's a real killer. I can tell by the jog and the look in his eye lmao
Wait for it... THAT LAUGH THOUGH 
LEVELS of disrespect 
Yes please!! 
Actually laughing out loud at 
That moment you happy to be there but they tryna forget you but SHOW FACE ALL DAY, SUCKA 
Clicked on 
After mom 
Mike puts up with a lot. 
Isaiah Wynn with the SEC Championship photobomb 
These kids were a trip! They ask the tough questions 
 face on 
So who is the BIG BOSS in this photo? 
Ouch! ; )  RT 
Thanks for the presents 
"did you shoot that?"

"did YOU shoot that?"


Issa yak and skills block party! Come join the fun and please bring dessert to share and your own chairs
I can’t wait till y’all find out how this book list truly originated. 
These replies 
 nothing wrong with that! He was smart enough to run a skeleton crew, and still won! The other idiot, 
Only 23 sleeps left until Christmas morning! RT if you're done decorating, favourite if you're like me and put it off until the last minute 
When your first ever YouTube collab is with your role model 
Big man TD and a big man Lambeau leap! 
SUPERMAN LIVES! 
When someone asks why you’re obsessed with your dog. 
Looks like it's 4 or less now! 
These conversations with the 
 already got our wristbands for tonight! 0400 wake up was worth it!! Your biggest fan is beyond thrilled (and even picked out her outfit because she thought you would love it
World Premiere 2mrw 
this will always be my favorite photo of 
When you in the library, and you don't know what you're doing on a assignment, so you stand up at your computer and look for a classmate for help like...
I promise, TBirdNation twitter never disappoints
Group chats definitely be more lit than social media
 I like how you did that! 
You are not the "FATHER" 
Fighting through PI like nothing happened. 
 you caught my rant
 - I don’t think this board is quite big enough!! 
 we love seeing you back on our screens 
Our very own 
Floyd drowned Conor's ass in the deep end 
 at Andy tryna figure out what Randolph and them laughing at on their phone 
When the car you used to draw in kindergarten pull up on you 
Playing tunes at the 
Excuses excuses. 
Look 
"My Pull-Up game is strong, Pull-Out Game is weak" - 
I'm sorry if Snapchat tells you I looked at your location I'm just trying to see who's bitmoji's are who 
When you're a roadman with kids, it only makes sense... 
Andddd Armymail is down again 
With skills like these it is surprising that the dinosaurs went extinct 
Spending my morning listening to 
We are waiting 
We are partying on behalf of the twins 
Nothing is coming. All parties have called a truce. So pls act responsibly and accordingly. . 
If you know, you know... Mad ting! 
They tried to get rich and switch without getting rich 
 has been saying "ice city jewels with no pity" all this time i thought it was some next gibberish
This lunch for you is ready. I have never met anyone so clever with words. I mean you just said how you feel and I'm in my sapio feelings 
Funniest lines 
Meanwhile, the stage is set guys. 
 ws mad Bar-baric with the barz on "Your Father".....1. I couldnt stop laughin sire
king shit!!! Ask ur mummy.. "mummy honestly who is my father"
The year i was born mummy who was climbing you like a ladder? 
This pastor really just said "Christianese" is the language of Christianity

Gotta love neologisms 
I spy a prank........ 
 all those pervert uncles. Did a Yoruba spin to chief Stephen osadebe
Priceless! 
When me and Jodie are doing box jumps at the gym and she headbutts the wall
That moment when your educator congratulates you on a great find, tells you it was a “mic drop” moment and says you can tell you have been taught by 
The Ashes: Cameron Bancroft responds to Jonny Bairstow headbutt as Steve Smith giggles away
We loved having star of the show 
Someone has been a 
Getting through this work week with the delights of what the internet has to offer. This week - 
Getting through the week like! 
 this is SOOO cool, maybe put me in some wicked shoes 
What happens when a foreigner tries to speak Italian dialects (NORTHERN edition) 
Fantastic museum event! 
Hmmm... I read this and thought of you Chris 
For example, I’ve heard every rendition of “O’ Sole Mio”, “Caruso,” “Je Suis Malade” and “La Vie En Rose” you could imagine. I’ve loved every second of it 
Not complaining though! That video alone has almost doubled my YouTube earnings this month 
So this terrible travel video I made that was chosen to be suggested after a Google video with 2.6 million views has now hit 10K itself 
This is my new filming set up btw. 
1-1 fucks sake 
I’m sorry Dublin but it’s way too early for Christmas songs 
Got one myself from 
My memory isn't what it was but I think this is when I gave you a 10m head start then took you down with a copy book tackle 
 Lol thanks, just trying to keep up with the 
The best family photo ever 
I have 
& you Niggaz is NOT FROM BOMPTON 
We think it’s the greatest accent of them all. Santa however... 
My bad! I don’t like losing!!! 
Iain and Amir like
Cant beat Gavin & Stacey
Soon 
You know Brett Johns is still partying on because he's still liking everything that comes up on his twitter 
Expectations VS Reality with 
“
Have you noticed that people’s eulogies are different from their resumes? 
Be ideal if 
For sure gotta get 
Thank me Later 
When you see bae walk by in booty shorts 
I can't see out of my left eye bro
Floyd 
FSU coming out the tunnel like 
When you're trying to do a postgame interview but LeBron is watching the Buckeyes 
Don't hog the mic, 
The Warriors had a message for Luke. 
"I speak for pretty much every O-lineman...it's our favorite." 
Peep 
Miami hurricanes is a fluk 
Wendy Williams built like 
These niggaz outchea cheating too 
They been choosing since darla from the Lil rascal 
Downtown resident of *that building* breathes sigh of relief. 
Robert Powell was serious as hell when he told broad you better not drop me on Def Comedy Jam 
 is the shit. Please brang yo lil ass back to VA Beach 
 stop. Yo got the game sewn up
Yes to the xfinity stream app! Caught 
Well played gents  
On set. I'm "Derrick Johnson" this movie. Not Rico.. okay people?! 
My homie and business partner 
Finally got Charlamagne’s (
Almost spit out my coffee this morning laughing at 
There’s a Catey on our table being used for dubious means 
Lot of ways to vote!!!!! 
Punters .... please read! 
I don’t even go to this school anymore 
I wanted to flip this car over so bad 
Lol this dad is going off about his daughter’s boyfriend 
Niggas got so faded we broke into a 4 part symphony 
this is the best video i have ever seen 
Chocolate shoulders. 
Great minds think alike! However! Now I know where my missing sweater is! It has woven itself around the Egyptian King of the fellowship of Green Lanterns! In this case the ring is the sweater 
When the( stow )doesn’t speak Atl!
Don't question the woman's process! 
The force is with you 
Our very first interview in Arabic...! Native speakers, don't laugh 
"Who are your dream logos?" 
Lmfaoo every Girl’s MySpace picture was them holding the peace sign to their puckered up lips 
Everyone that makes music feels me... 
Haha! Whoever at Trafford Centre thought getting rid of forty car parking spaces at Christmas for a shitty big wheel was a good idea needs their P45! 
Catch our Spooky Housekeeping Team today 
Always makes me laugh when i see someone waiting at a crossing whilst on a jog just jogging on the spot 
My auntie swear that I’m this big rap star 
Tag someone who should get this for you... 
Thinking about 
Hillary Clinton shouting “LOCK HIM UP” to Mike Flynn was everything! Okay, so it was Kate McKinnon impersonating Clinton, but I’ll take it. 
You shouldn’t have cut him out on his legal costs. Tough break, Dotard! 
So proud of my Referee mates who supported 
WHO IS RESPONSIBLE?!
Cant wait to get home and put on pjs 
fml fml fml fml 
When you ask your best friend to help you find a dress and she sends you this 
Who's shadow does it best 
Been looking round Blackpool to get a photo with all you guys 
Here's how the internet reacted to Eminem's 'Revival' announcement 
Just spent a good while reading through your blogs/articles. Love them! Thank you for that extra push and motivation to be a weeble! 
You've got to be mad to do music... 
Kiosk Keith “ he knocks one out most days” 
Amazing acoustic gig last night 
Lol yesterday i was relaxing to yoga music about to sleep and my cats just burst into a loud fight. Why doesnt the music work on them?? 
working on so much stuff I don't have time for selling myself online 
When the weather is bad, but you know you look fabulous 
 I was thinkin it aint wana say it 
My 10 year old be rapping all 
Me when I tweet about 
Watching “War Dogs” I really love Jonah Hill 
Lmao, I dropped a song at 12:30 and forgot to tweet about it. 
Been on repeat for the longest 
With pain comes great wisdom | One thing I learn from this whole situation through all BS you have to 
RT if Laugh Now, Fly Later is still on repeat 
RT if 
 “gotta squint since we lightskin” 
Fuck Bow Wow, Fuck Bow Wow. FUCK EM. 
Check this out for your 
didn't think I could like Post Malone more then I already do but I just found out he came up with his name from a rap name generator website
My roommate was asleep and I was listening to "Love Don't Change" by 
Dude sat there and reevaluated his entire life 
woww the end of traveling light hahah 
Lmao 
Found a drawing book at ma’s house I long forgot about. 
You are the best 
A great collection of top U.K. Hotels including a certain 
Oh I should mention-- this is a page from Lucky Penny, our book which was published by 
Have you ever seen me this happy 
December 1st involved hectic mornings, grumpy coffee dates, a hot chocolate treat and not much else 
OMG! I love it 
Can we do this?
Here's my review of Mon Guerlain in case you missed it! I'm onto my 2nd bottle and have one for backup now 
Coming this week to the blog...a chat about Botox! I recently has some for the old frown lines @therapieclinicuk cause y'know, old age 
 !!!! we are stocked and ready !!! 
You know you’re getting old when you ask for new saucepans for Christmas 
The kids know best 
Christmas Card or Album Cover? 
Ever wondered how you’d look as a giant Brussels sprout? Us too. Use our 
Above and beyond... matching the cup to my tights 
Up for another challenge 
Made me think of Benny & Barney 
This is why I love Dave (
 Throwback to that time me & my don SP MC had an imaginary freestyle battle with an imaginary mic 
 out new bio 100%
Can't stop watching this 
 I laughed at this so much
Reasons I love my country, Reasons you hate my country
 2009 This photo needs no words officialgreenvelvet 
So where did i leave my phone yeh in fridge lol 
What are the funniest fake DJ names you’ve ever heard? I think 
Daddy Divine knows the score 
my fav person on campus goes to Ryan lmao “ciao*”
The best 
What's Poppin'?! 
Leatherhead after beating Billericay Town 3-2 
Focused. I'm in 
That moment when they catch you running away from training 
So it looks like the DJ/Producer job is no longer the fashion... Step forward all of the "Bitcoin traders" in 2018 
Social media really does breed idiots 
Australia, Festivals and really cool bikes!!
Odd recordings got some decent photoshop skills 
just realised I will have to take my Christmas presents with me on tour the whole weekend because I'll go straight to my family from the airport on the 24th of december 
The 40 a day Cola Lifestyle Vid’s still filing up our Instagram inbox 
Yeah that’s me in the back seat trying to stay dry in a cheap, flimsy plastic poncho 
Margate Soul Festival 2017. Having a whale of a time! All my teeth are OUT!!! 
Just finished an interview 
became a singer in Mexico... so far not doing so well 
Peninä pre order is now live!

Head over to 
It s Friday, do you need fresh track for the week end? Ok you have to wait till monday 
You and Ravers Clavers flinging yuh shouldas to "Likes"....
AND when you compared your one to your dad's three women 
Ah 
Dj Links in the building 
Some of the fakest people tweet the most amazing quotes that they themselves don’t even live by 
 looked amazing in what she wore last night
to myself I was like yoo mi want a pic
but me deven worthy 
i got to interview fab & jada about pharrell having to convince them to record "young'n" and "knock yourself out" 
Bill Belichick can barely contain himself when watching his team score touchdowns 
Oh no 
Say what now? Lol! Your words are moving like my legs! They don’t make no sense!!
Meeeeeeeeeee
This will probably be the last time 
Who did it "better"? 
Watching reality shows with Tef makes them 10 times funnier
Tef say "a nuff hot gyal did up deh and she come 3rd mi still glad!" 
Start of the century 
Yup 
Haha!! 
Just WAITTTT until you see the picture we have 
 Love this. Entertaining, but sound advice about what not to say to a police officer in public. 

Side-note:... 
If anybody knows Dallas, they know that sour patch is the best way to describe my son  
Happy 2nd birthday to my baby boy Dallas! The true definition of a sour patch kid 
Happy birthday to my brother from another mother, never a dull moment as you can see 
His face 
Turns out mountain bikes have actually come on a long, long way in the last 25 years! 
I remember when this happened .. outstanding 
 Fans! Would you watch Survivor: New Jersey, even if 
"Hustlers trying to figure out what show they're on" 
“It weighs more than HE DOES” 

When the captains just had enough of your attitude... 
lol
A's GM David Forst dives into our mentions to read some mean tweets. 
Broke 
Wait for it, wait for it...
One more
I cooked up a prank on Jamie at lunch today. Unlike him to be speechless! 
"Why'd you have to go and jelly yourself up like that?" 
i would very much like to meet someone nice on one of these walks but the most i get is people asking me for shoutouts on instagram 
Let these emotions out 
No. I’ve really had the most fun in my life here. I’m also not really 100% 100 
Please why are these girls doing the electric slide to Premiere Gaou 
Lmao!! We found our way around Greek supermakate oh. They happened to have knorr so we showed them how to use it 
I really wanted Sweet Potato Pie this Thanksgiving but Shalom made actual buns so I’m more than grateful 
Okay let’s be serious. 
Okay now smile. 
 man such a good joke. You are such a jokester.
 How to get 4th graders excited! Shoutout the 
Congrats Leah!! Found our 
U hurt 
 I knew you would be happy
Never gets old 
Congratulations to my brother 
The Raiders honored 98-year-old Pearl Harbor survivor Mickey Ganitch before today's game & he was ready to get after a QB 
"I juju on that beat, that's what they call it"
when you finally collect that diploma 
If you broke go to work toot toot
Ciara trying on Russell’s High School jersey.
“If I had known you in high school we would have had bout six of these kids”
“babe STOP” 
Everyone got the wrong impression
we bringing jerkin back in 2017 y'all 
Oh he tripping tripping 
I'll lock you up
As proud of 
I got smacked
Do OR go to school Monday?
All day I been seeing funny shit on my TL and all day it’s been this nigga Zar RT’n it 
What this old thing? Oh I just threw it together 
Love this! Because it’s sooo familiar 
She screenshot her 
Umm cutest thing ever!
The praise that just went forth!!! I be wanting to throw my shoe at Pastor 
Supported 
Not wearing a wig ~ that’s the hood on my jacket 
When you see your dawg start catching feelings 
forreal like f you 
Attack of the leaf 
And the Murtaugh and McNeile feud continues....
Introducing Riana's new bf, Robbie!
please tell me someone is watching the philly game on sky sports and see that guy get pied for his high five live on tv 
Mrs just goes to me I’m a celebs on tonight... I just looked and said it’s Sunday. She knows the score 
 Badda Bing Badda Boom 
Tonight's gem from our 5 yr-old's misheard lyrics was her singing along to 
Murtaugh dropped "I'm getting too old for this!" catchphrase from the movies! 
Busy festival! Who needs the sun anyway?! 
Basically. 
Caption competition..

(This is priceless.. 
Mr F-S preparing 
Why the ref slither across the screen LMAO 
I just won my first sailing race! Admittedly I’m mostly ballast at this point (in a two man boat 
Surround yourself with great people.... and a Grace 
Queenies back stage 
These captions are just priceless 
When Carl Froch returned to Wembley 
The face you put when you find out you're officially a magpie! 
I'm that person that panics about being late so I'll be an hour early 
 stoked about the Wilmington, NC announcement! I know 
Nigerian Special anti robbery squad is everywhere but in a robbery crime scene .. 
That's how we roll 
companion not equal to Bae but I dont know I have already said it.
Faith bye 
First of all my location finds ordering a luxury so pick and bring or chill.
U know you've had a good crash when you wake up stuck to the bed sheets in the morning 
Ironically I think oluwaseun is the most popular name among the demons I know 
Distressed again! in 
 I wish!  Each one is 30 g carbs and I’m planning on 2!  They are that good 
When you go to 
Saturday nights in Glasgow producing yet again
Absolutely phenomenal goalkeeping in the Sunderland v Millwall game today! 
Michail Antonio starring in Umbro's Valentines Day advert 
When this level of 
The summer is heat and dry is real 
Tough to argue with this amazing logic...  
I need a remix of 
Ha!!! Don’t listen to me, restaurant offers better CyberMonday than me. 
The caption 
So I’m visiting Malibu (Hi Mark!!) and see this road called Kanan Dume. Any connections? 
I can only imagine the confusion of seeing a Twitter covered in Star Wars posts after clicking through on a tweet about politics 
"Oh I forget the question, I was just saying things." 
Happy your back, can’t wait to get you out there at gunner on punt team in 2018
Thank you for asking the tough questions, Sas 
I thought I was the only one that asks this 
...we gonna have to check your sources Rich
Also 
Panopticon as office layout!!! Read this and 
Oh no! LOL. I forgot about that part. 
Atleast we know 
BREAKING: Reports are that 
NOT EVERYBODY LIES TO THE FBI THO 
Bless you Siri! Love your work too... 
she said she was in there to promote politics so she’s probably just chatting about that and they’re cutting it all out which cracks me up 
You know who you are 
Crying. 
Y’all reckon Phillip Fulmer is gonna come on out and coach after halftime?? 
If you're not following me on Snapchat you're missing out on gems like this!! 
Paul and I have finally reached the pinnacle of middle class madness. Choosing between different shades of white 
 just finished judging 
Look who just popped round to say hello 
This is the face that says , " Er I think, Mummy and Daddy just moved us on to a boat" 
Actually 
RT if you see it
CCGS NA Update: 
Hog in every game even when it is banned
A true classic!  Terry Thomas: "All very hush-hush and whoosh-whoosh!"
Sesame Street's parody of Stranger Things 
I knew this gal as Juicy on Mxit
I bumped into Cassper's dad last night & recognized him at first sight, I was like "Eh, Ta Bra Miller" he was like Bryaaadaaaa! 
Those haters talking about free tickets

Free what are you talking about tickets that were bought by Celebrities..... if you have a tuckshop then your sister come and buy 20 drinks and give them to the poor did your tuckshop give free drinks
We’ll increase pump price of fuel from N145 to N160 per litre – PMAN

Munshiga 3, Gobe Zanje Libya 
You called Nigeria zoo and left country to Europe through Libya,you are now begging to return to the zoo after seeing hell there
Inspection of ongoing projects in Imo 


What goes around, comes around 
Picture 1 is what sis chose for her trad but mom won't approve cos of color, she went for pic 2 ,now see her response 
Everyone knows an ‘Emily’ 
When ransomware guys provide better customer support than most companies 
 Based on Japanese entertainment icon Hatsune Miku, the Miku Stomp allows you to morph your guitar tone into vocal phrases, sung by the iconic character. Try to play it without laughing — we dare you! 
Whew! All is right in the world 
He should’ve spoke anyway 
Ah Ha! It was a conspiracy by IKEA all along!
There whole podcasts , YouTube channel is immense god knows why more people don’t subscribe it’s an absolute paradise of info and Brian is a lunatic presenter 
I am just like any other girl. Growing up with an elder brother is never easy 
When you have hulk out abilities 
"I think slow, I speak slow, I cook slow." -- 
every time i facetime my dad i see this 
"Toronto-based "Weather"-man Adrian Underhill is now part of my forecast for the foreseeable future." LOL 
When you’re so drunk you’re trying to let yourself past in the mirror 
Louis C K's theory about airplanes is 
Good luck against the much-feared  Geno Smith 
"Omg what the fuck" *RL Grime Halloween mix playing in the background* 
I love summer. All 3 days of it 
I'm well up for that! Though don't think you'll need to tie my arm back 
This girl 
It was only a matter of time 
"Coochie hole small like a wedding ring" honestly my favorite lyric of the year 
 and her Twitter stans can get me entertained for hours
Cupcake with the remix 
Its a bird, its a man, its a Gentleman jack  
RT this too! 
That moment you don't get the camera out in time to catch the 
Who did this Shit 2me 
This little girl it too cute. Lol 
Pulling out all the stops for the Gone to Color session with Brian Deck this week 
L Love it! I completely forgot about similar scary stuff from my childhood. The Singing Ringing Tree OOFT!
this definitely got me, so funny 
From a concept rock mini album about piss-head aliens. Right-Up-My-Alley 
Not much makes me happier than being in Nashville... except being in Nashville and waking up to my Country Music Producer bumping gangsta rap.
Haha I’ll let u take me for coffee soon as I’m home 
"I don't wanna be told to grow  up and I don't want to change I just wanna have fun..." 
Kitty accidentally pressed the turbo button 
 What do you think of my edits? 
 well done 
Come on up...tunes to make you wiggle..cocktails to make you jiggle ...
Are you even a girl if your aren't crazy? 
Looking through my Miss World pictures and missing our little camera men following us about everywhere 
When the restroom attendant's banter is better that the live sets.... 
'not my dear friend, not my old friend, my best friend' 
Oooh I'll look it up! This is the finished piece, Street Spirit by Radiohead. You'll need to crack the code to play it! 
Um, hello it’s gray duck thx 
 all we need now is a bus to get on 
favorite NYC thing is not touching the radio dial n jus drive around hearing bachata, dancehall, soca, etc depending on where u are 
 whyyyy they look so confused at christina's performance???
This lad is teaching kids in Uganda how to speak in different accents...

Wait for Birmingham 
somacoffeecompany Happy Birthday 
Bruhhh one of my friends responded back to my text "ROFL" now when's the last time you seen a text like  that
Been knocking on some wood praying it won't rain tomorrow! I need my fans to knock on some wood as well
Let's go magic!!! ba, ba, bada BA!!!!
 gave me life with her "nice jacket" improv today 
If I don't get a Sunday dinner today I ain't dropping the ep Friday you can all starve like me 
Yo abdi you are really showing how wounded you are lol. Ive not flopped not once that's YOU and double, That's why I called yas Miss the drop and Flop 
Someone neglected to inform the Ukranian orchestra above, that there was a Bug soundcheck in the basement below... Cue an instant termination of our soundcheck, def not appreciating my subs...
Gotta hand it to 
The guys at 
Tre'Quan Smith (
If bae ain’t like this with me i don’t want her 
THATS ACTUALLY HILARIOUS 
Thank you for having us . We are discussing terms with Des for the next video 
We’ve seen a couple poop your pants incidents but no shame. You’re racing, own it. It happens
Saoirse Ronan's sick of Americans mispronouncing her name.

She appeared on SNL and had a rant...all the Aoifes and Caoimhes feel your pain, Saoirse 
Saoirse Ronan appeared on Saturday Night Live to teach Americans how to pronounce her name 
I have nothing to say on my defense 
Mike Parry’s trending... 

it’s time for this..
Pretty sure kevin doesnt even know what his best foot is 
Happy Birthday to 
When you and your boys all live in different continents and you haven't got a scooby what's going on , 
When you have a tv in a cooler and really want to prove you have replay! 
Hahahaha your school does not rate you  
What dobbie with his wand out here 
Can someone tell the camera man to video the game not the empty space where the ball use to be 
What from the four games you played 
When people get carried away and nearly break my arm in celebrations 
You were both wrong 
"You know your family, and they don't play this sh*t!" 
This is the best video I have ever seen 
Did shamrock Rovers win the league tonight ffs. Lads ye are 26 points behind us
 unreal 
Pushing my friend 
Every girl when SZA comes on 
 How To Act Black is the funniest shit I’ve seen es year 
“You worrying about who fucking who is like worrying about the air in everybody else tire.” 
Good luck Tongey tomorrow night in your boxing match!! Wish I could be there to see it!!
Y'all are too good 
Ran into 
This refereeing is comedy gold 
Zaha’s interview sounding like Alex hunter on Fifa 
 this is so me
Four years on and Wayne Rooney is still pissing these two City fans off.


Here’s my motto for the 
"I'm not going to beat up an old man, I'm just going to ferry him away." 
Remember when people compared Joe Hart to David De Gea? 
She got the last laugh 
I’ve never heard a bad song from this nigga period 
& it begins. 
IM DONE 
why is this so on point 
This bird is going off lmao 
"Moved houses, dog has never seen stairs before" OMG 
Man this was so epic. 
Here's this nightmare, brought to you in the flesh by Betty Crocker: 
TC in the expo theater talking about alternate income opportunities! 
We were reading The Telltale Heart recently and one of my students asked why the old man with the vulture eye didn’t just get cataract surgery. 
When Santa told us what's on his Christmas list 
"B...B for Beyonce?" 
BRUH THEY RIPPED UP THE TURF! 
Lmaoooooooo just listened to this with sound 
ONE UP to 
Hahahah thankyou!!! Happy thanksgiving to u too!! And yes she is a total nut!! 
Very much needed. He's a legend and deserves to be treated as such 
Throwback Thursday.. Young C3C 
Ayo Coby going crazy 
I don't know why my stiff self was fucking trying to milly Rock! 
Lmao the CamiLLa comments 
i swear the second set of crossovers look sped up 
Repost via 
Repost via @roadmanallday - w/ repostwhiz app:

Your reasoning of "he's got a beard" had me dying. 
 - You sent us so many great responses. Here are some of the best that made 
Wanna see my reaction to the post game? Follow me on insta! 
During the last 24 hours, my Twitter has been magical. Y'all are the best. 
Every time he uses this it makes me think of Trading Places, 
This has us rolling
We are wearing jackets in 23 degree weather but manz not hot 
Who did this?? 
Our Coconut Sriracha sauce comes directly from our secret Sriracha trees ... just kidding 
Son y'all are insane in twitter 
 what this mean lol
Make me wait? 
me, 
 girl - you two slayed! Just wait til they see what else ya'll have up your sleeves!! 
Those of you who know the power prayer, pray for Warren. 
Warren...Boy it look like you got your ass whipped! Now did you at least pinch the bitch??? 

Your own aunt sold you out for an ass whoopin! 
 “that’s not how it goes”

Niykee: were you taking a video or a picture? 
You always know when people breakup. Cuz you realize they took the time to scrollllllll down they page and delete every single pic they’ve ever taken wit they ex  
Alabama really played 3-on-5 vs. Minnesota after their entire bench got ejected for fighting…and they only lost by 5 
Anyone else going to all 3 nights of LCD Soundsystem this week& singing the lyrics to every song at the top of their lungs? No? Just me? Ok
 Good acting ..I remember my mom hating 
Bro..... fuck u 
 the most lit man in America 
I swearrr
Y'all too much 
 I'm crineeeeee ! 
DEV YOU KEEP RUNNING MY POCKETS 
 that’s my dude
Driving thru Chicago by Uber to visit all the Home Alone locations. What you're doing today 
Tom Holland accidentally showing thousands of people the “confidential” Infinity War Poster on his Instagram live stream is the best thing I’ve ever seen 
My Young boys go crazy 
 tell em Nick!
Thank you
“We” = football fan
Back stage marketing prep! 
How I'm walking in the crib for thanksgiving tomorrow 
Very bad guys
My Boy Dez Lit On The Celebration
Haven't left my house in weeks working on something I'm super excited about. Throwing it back to looking glam to remind myself that I can 
Just thing to be 
The league so petty 
 it should be illegal what that tune is doing to bods 
Had a great time talking on the 
Guys I finally have a new phone! Sorry to anyone who has struggled to get in touch! Also now I can actually take nice pics!
 And of course let’s not forget the 15 minute pep talk I gave myself to prepare for making the phone call 
What are you wearing to our Disco Night????? 
Destinys Child - Cater 2 U makes me wanna start being a wifey 
My 5 year old nephew just told me to get up out of bed and stop sleeping during the day on weekends 
Omg THIS
Not normal how I can get so emotional over song lyrics 
Realist tweet 
Nearly had like ten break downs this morning due to running late 
Happy Bday Bro 
 I’m dead
Number of RTs 
Sooooo funny 
My Tablet just autocorrected "Panis Angelicus" to "Panisch Angelicus" 
It’s rivalry week. 
Lil bro said “another one” 


Took my mom on her first unofficial visit 
My studio where I recorded my new single, Row the Body. All black everything as usual. Do you think it’s monochrome enough? 
Backstage at the EMAs. ISSA boyband ting! ISSA Nigerian trench coat ting 
Wishing everyone a Happy Thanksgiving! Don’t forget your Thanksgiving pants!
This guy is a legend 
Id say the Black Forge pub will be packed full of suspicious looking lads with notepads and recorders having a "quiet" pint for the next few weeks 
HORRIFIC!

The WORST Elite One Monthly rewards EVER are live now! Trust me, you don’t want to miss this! 
Say hello to Elora Fae. 5 lbs. 13 oz. It's been a hell of a day, guys! Hahaha! My little bug arrived after my water broke while I was sleeping like....20 hours ago. 
Just got to sample some Ketel One God bless america 
There's no way those signs are just a coincidence right? 
Lol just look at YouTube's automated response system fail. Murland said thank you to another person who was making a point and the YT bot decided it's a great time to say you're welcome. 
Firm believe that 
Guys who have their psn name as their YouTube name then YT next to it are dumb af 
Just replayed 
Thanks Emily 
Sooo y'all just wasn't gonna tell me that 
Can you believe I’m about to be early to this upload?! Lol thank the internet gods for giving me fast uploading speed this morning 
Did we just become best friends?!

Rookies 
Just watched the classic 
“Stand up and say that to my face” 
Throwback to 2001 - a cracking 28-28 draw between Scotland and Wales, and Andy Nicol trying frantically to extract the ball from Jon Petrie's jersey 
Louis dancing to 
My pleasure! So thank you! Ahaha love that team talk line 
don't remember if i was drunk/baked or both but this is fucking ridiculous 
Tweets like this let you know you’re winning 
This 5th rate “media outlet” still sprouting their crap. I find it hilarious how people hate Boise State so much. People hate success 
Shredding alliums. 
Hackett jacket 
Filmed a hilarious Home spray tanner video with 
We can't 'resist' some good physics here at 
Peachy Babeeee 
Cracking bunch of people. Good luck in your future coaching sessions / Careers. 
Our home for the next few days for 
Bus wankers 
This has to be fake 
I make nice R&B mannn wish u could hear this 
Christmas drinks are on you guys then
Pride park' 
This Saturday myself and top man 
Congrats on the debut 
SPOTTED: Man vs Poncho at 
Have to shout out 
We couldn't help but share this as it made us chuckle 
 Lord, help him 
November is about to be lit!
If she were, would I announce it on Twitter?
These 2 are the cutest 
Would love to see 
First time ever I think Dermot didn't drag it out long enough 
Nah I would be fuming 
I wonder how many hours I've wasted of my life searching the house, bag, wrist for a hairband 
Decent banter 
If Edouard scores i will delete twitter 
Alcina premiere tonight 
25 years apart 
★★★★ Fiercely funny festive frolics with Snow White & The Seven Dwarfs at 
029

What a beautiful morning at Galaxy Sports Little Kerse. The suns out 
Brilliant as always thank you 
Snow White and the Severn dwarfs was brilliant today at 
And the fastest time of the night 
Well looking at this spurs line up, in true spurs fashion well either pop up a surprise and mopo is a god!! Or we get smashed 
It certainly is Colin. You were the star of the show last year! Will you be flashing again this year? 
Just in case you need a laugh 
How to wind up 
Have you seen the Jehovas Witness Advent Calendar? 
Each time you open a door a voice tells you to p*ss off
Danny Wilson is such a tube and he just scored a header from the 18 yard line 
I hope your liking all the pictures on display 
Funniest car journey I have had with Blair and Ryan nothing better than watching Netflix in the van and playing a game of cards Scunthorpe here we come 
I think I maybe need to start looking for things that will make ol' Zara go faster on track next season, rather than making her look nice 
No one knows how excited I am already for p&p next year!
Ha Ha - I got this for my Birthday. I'm not quite sure what to do with it! 
Excellent work guys! I wouldn't go sending your c.v to 
I honestly dont know how ppl just feel ill & get on with it like i am such a hypochondriac if i have a headache 'it must be a brain tumour' if i have a bad back 'must be some sort of spinal disease' right now i have a sore throat & im 99% sure its throat cancer 
‘Infiltrating my tits’ 
We are learning to understand what kind of things can be achieved in 1 minute. Here we have a very active group counting how many jumps they can do in 1 min 
Throwback Friday 
Go on, you know you want to! (Oh yes you do!
So pleased my 3yo has no idea about accents because I struggled to pull off Rastamouse tonight 
There's always one 
Cake or clay? 
Excellent video campaign! Well worth a watch... 
Doors 7.30pm TONIGHT for 
This is my house right now. It's 5:30. Why? My girl has a little neighbor over before dinner and *has* to watch movies with ALL the lights out. 
Yo you gotta love 
The day’s of the week as told by 
Memorable classes & an unforgettable student! Great interview technique, learnt from the best 
Ouch. Bit of festive shade there from 
Just got my iphone x. And cant get enough of these animojis 
'She's the only one I fear' 
3 wins in a week 9 points from 9 available and the shrimpers camp is a happy one. 
Best video you will see all day from The Scottish Open 
The Wealdstone Raider has been hired for a stag do in Barcelona and he's handcuffed to the stag. 
When they know they know boy 
Canny believe they eat all the treats
117-112 
Mcgregor is the fucking best
Hahahahaha jonny take a seat mate
 waiting on big sutton tweeting
Strictly pro's defo not competitive are they 
Be sure to have a read of twitter before commenting on this 
Philip Glenister answers RV queries as your resident agony aunt
That's a sentence we thought we'd never say 
This is incredible 
This is so intense 
Kevin Hart vs Usain Bolt in an ice bath challenge goes exactly how you'd expect 
Go watch full video on unilad 
Have a few minutes? This is very good! 
How does he get away with it 
Great interview with Michael O’Leary there from 
 ........... Best interview on a race course all year. 
How many ears does Captain Kirk have? Three! His left ear, his right ear and his final frontier...
Anyone backing West Ham to win against City today? 
Not relevant to anything but it's impossible to watch this without trying to do it yourself 
To be fair, he beat Wholstone. 
 Can't beat good neighbours Can ye Bryan 
Thanks for the laughs. 
King Callow, don't ever change! 
Get around it! Profits going to 
The moment when 
"I am coming round to the idea of it if the price is right. Count me in."

That's Ronnie O'Sullivan on whether he'd appear on I'm A Celebrity...Get Me Out Of Here! 
Wait for it... 
The ultimate horseman - 
Delighted for my Godfather Jerry today, a loyal supporter of the game. Pity 
We’re digging deep for 
At Fry's Electronics picking up an online order...I just seen a Samsung LED Smart TV fall from the top of a cart, hit the ground, roll a few times and none of the workers even flinched 
Baffert after Gun Runner’s work at SA: “we’re gonna scratch.” 
The Saratoga Special HoF 
The fact I can give thumbs up here but not in real life makes me. 
Speaking of ESPN.. I don't play any fantasy sports but I do like to play their Streak game.. why am I not shocked about my win percentage in horseracing . 
SPONGEBOB AS AN ANIME OPENING 
Dawg missed the bus, this shit so funny Bra I swear 
So jot that down 
If only UB40 had gone with those lyrics: There's a dug in the playgrun whit am A gonna dae...
Usually it was me, when I was a teacher, destroying my own lesson if a wasp entered the classroom tho...
The bold 
100% bomb! What a beaut! 
Saturday night hijinks 
Thanks for the solid advice, 
Great Show 
S/O to Rungangwa. Part 1. My 
BACKSEAT CHRONICLES!
That race pack tattoo went from "HAPPY" to "NAPPY" and I'm sticking to it 
"We talk about 85% where learner's do not khok ..." 
Who would've thunk in our lifetime... 
I know everyone got that one sibling 
Oh dear
Favourite highlighters and they glow in the dark perfect for winter night marking 
I’m laughing so much at this! I didn’t give it as an example, clearly I talk too much about my fiancé 
They both just called each other puppets. Can't wait to see the 
I found you people
A thread
She asked for it
I was going to sleep actually
She'll be so pissed
Sounds so spicy 
Just logged in
. Even me
In 2013 Uyanda wanted R119000 a month from ex husband 
WHEN 
Ginger snap and a fruit salad 
 Go watch your only Xmas advert for 2017. Love this boys 
Happy Holidays.. 
Happy Turkey Day, peeps!!  Happy Veggies & Sides Day, veggie peeps!! 
‘Amir is a massive pussy’ Iain bro didn’t you cry at the thought of water, and heights and strawberries?! 
DID AMIR JUST SAY HE DOESN’T LIE 
Yo my WhatsApp is fine and actually working better than usual 
I’ve only just decided it was about time I put a top on 
When a spam email apologises for their tardiness...
I can scarcely believe it...it's a first 
A little girl wanted a photo with me today because she wanted a picture with "Merida from brave" 
RT if you think so too 
Filmed this for CBBC ... now a shameless plug to you lot too 
Love it when your new Gin matches your tablecloth... 
 your smiley faces are not only fun to eat but to snapchat with too 
Day 2 of the 
That’s called- excited much ?! 
Guarantee this still tastes better than 93% of everything we bake in our spare time 
Day 3:
ITS THE RETURN OF THE SNOW POPE!
28th October 2017 - the day we were first introduced to this magical creation - will go down in history as the only time we’ve ever seen 
Great gift idea! Do we come gift wrapped ? 
Use your head mate! 
Amazing television and amazing catch phrases, 
Great start to the night!! Joe Hart asked for a picture lol 
Best thing about 
"You gotta head it!” 
Can you see me in the 
Literally watching 
If u don’t have 
Who makes these? 
 This was funny 
Really?? 
That snow come an went boy 
This used to happen all the time as a kid 
For those with that famous "pickle" craving this Christmas, you may just be in luck! 
Hey guys. I don't tweet too much, but I do bake a LOT 
When a woman has a baby why does she wanna be size 10 the week after 
Lmaoooo New freezer talk with 
No fucking way I can't breath 
Ciaran demonstrating our new RT24 movement, 'Jack-in-the-box' 
Granny Did You Wash Yo Hands? 
Aye what song pop into y'all head first when u hear it's a half pint film bitch? 
"It's a half pint film bitch "...the hair flips as they rode off in the power wheels. I'm done 
 - it's gonna be ill!
I ‘lo take that 
 No18 but the first in 
Congratulations Glyn!! Another 
Great night tonight proving once again that I'm shit at golf but excellent at drinking cocktails 
After a particularly crap day the evening 
Steph 
Eden 
Yep, that's right Brexiters. A nation of people tweeting about angel pillows, a child milking a toy cow & a man dressed as a lobster - with none of their kids in bed come midnight, holds the key to your EU negotiations.  
Fun times down in Eaton! Eaton's offering an in-store special on Garlic Bread... but the banter is free. 
Ooh do they know you took these photos? 
Aghhh those grubs are huge! 
The Newcastle and Gateshead version of Cluedo!
It was Colonel Mustard, in the Bigg Market, with a stottie 
Yep 6 points more would put you 5th from bottom.....
I’m done 
From a spotty faced kid to a spotty arse man ! 
Looking forward to watching Brooke on 
Straightforward request! 
Also with the great sir John -
Still the best 700k he has ever spent !!! 
Funniest thing I’ve seen all day 
We're entertaining the lovely folk at 
Escape rooms with the team. Hopefully this isn’t our last tweet...wish us luck
Woops 
Our translator just bust out laughing. Panelist said GPS was created by a Nigerian woman, probably to track her husband 
Does he even own earphones? 
Hae pls 
Their children are now in big public offices, probably saying how they fought for independence 
Let people enjoy things pls 
sleep be bomb after doe 
Babysitting the nephew is always hilarious at some point. 

He just told me he's going to tie his laces the "old fashioned way" his old fashioned way. 


The only thing you tried to buy was tea which was rejected on live TV 
  Watch this space... The day you see me walking like that duck...Know its Happening 
 kiambu traffic police department shall forever be honest.. Mokorino alichapa own goal dakika za 94 
Get yourself a manual car this Dec and no-one will bother to borrow it 
transline buses offices have some boring,petty and lazy mofos 
Karibu Two Rivers 
When you walk away from you're laptop but forgot you had your earphones on. Retweet if you relate
Agent Chambo has been representing us extremely well back there at 
Wtf did I just witness in the barbershop 
 what a face *dead*
When Waititu and Sonko see 
Gennaro Gattuso's quote after Milan dropped points 
  in the background of the interview 
Ruptured ACL but who cares after a 95th minute winner 
At the casino tonight because we’re too lazy to cook 
Meanwhile, our very own 
Ryan Bertrand is such a legend..
Reggae Djs be like 
Especially my wallet 

I see what you did there. 
I see so much of me in him it’s scary 
Kuna mtu alisema ati judges ndio walikuwa na chance ya kushinda 1Million last week 
"What happens in carpool stays in carpool, baby!" 
Scholes face when Gerrard says he hasn't won the league. 
Throwback to the time Mike Dean joined in with Tottenham's celebrations
'Dayummm" 
I like the way we are all waiting for 
When one of your goals is as prolific as a load of badgers destroying a pitch 
Clayton donaldson is fuking shite 
"He's no finished. He's only 28!" 
Let's start with you cowboy. 
So how did the Spurs come back from 23 down to beat the Thunder?

Pop sums it up best 
 Loyalty is one of my best traits. This seems to be a trend after 6 good years spent in one place. I never knew what it was like at other places but I am so thankful to be in Seattle where fans actually appreciate me. Now move on “Gabs” and be miserable somewhere else.
Twice I've been ready early now! I'm dead impressed with myself 
Sing has gotta be one of my fave films 
Guessing that was you screaming in the background 
This Saturday I'll be "touring" Glasgow with 
y’all trippin 
Omg this bothers my soul too 
Money must have come in for me...
Us at 
I am now giving you tips on love. Enjoy the video 
Guys I only just saw the tweet from last night. IT WASN’T ME! 
I keep annoying my mum.. it’s great 
Okay I really need to cut down on my McDonald’s 
75 retweets and I'll include "Man's Not Hot" in my set tomorrow
Belter 
"With the Seahawks ground game stuck like Artax in the Swamp of Sadness..." 
1 like = 1 pray for Snapchat 
"NASA announces plan to launch $700M into space" 
"Scammers are really very free to entertain me, but I am very free to play along too." 
Newest Apple product: a $300 book that's just... pictures of its products. I hope the adapters are in there 
V excited too 
"85%, you wanna try another lie?" -Hondo 
Nailed it 
 smashing it with her laugh as ever with new mates Hazza, Meghan and Simon Cowell 
Next time you pour cream live on TV, try to keep the plate straight, 
Lols 
Haha it must of been the angle they’re normal! 
An illustration of over-customization! Hahaha 
How brilliant! A physical manifestation of AR that actually has helped to reduce speed! 
The Butler & it is an urn 
I’m reaching, I’m reaching Mr DJ 
 he loves this throw...sure it was for me ;) 
Are we all WIGGLIN 
Have a great trip to 
“I’d like to see this porn”!!! 
Funniest thing I've seen all week 
Post 
We are LOVING your Snapchat story today 
Had a great evening as the guest speaker at 
Home from the brilliant 
“Environment Secretary 
Awww thanks 
How is POLICE COPS IN SPACE not a bloody TV show yet!? Still grinning when thinking about last nights show 
Another great night of comedy from 
Haha ... Brilliant 
Looking forward to this one, but that's a verrrrrry old picture. Best bring some I.D. 
Fascinating reading about  "Eastwood's Gym" today in Irish News. I like to think I'm keeping family link to boxing alive by sparring in the high stakes game that is politics..think my family would rather I was probably in the ring 
Loved A Deal by 
I know I'm late to the party but I flippin' love this name from 
Awesome! Thanks for including me!! 
Might actually just start drinking Purell. 
The gif is even better 
 I’ll be back in no time. The wait will be worth it. 
 Free Jamaican black castor oil to subscribers in need 
Black mamas have a proverb for everything 
When I'm @ a Lituation/Function.                                 Promoter: What brought you here Me: heard bout all the evaculatin goin on!
Am I the only one that never checks my 
Have you made your Thanksgiving plans? 
 they still love you 
We do this for Lil Saint 
Say what now? 
My pops mad drunk sending me IG video DMs hating on my mom being here 
A lot of 
Which one of ya'll are going to play this cat dating sim? 
My man 
This is the funniest YMH listener creation I've ever seen! Created by Michael Stevenson 
Family hard at work! 
Timewasting again 10 men 
Brentford have got a flare. At home. And they say this isn’t their cup final 
What did I just watch 
This is the best video on the Internet 
SMOKE GRENADES HAVE A WHOLE NEW MEANING!

Simba is such a majestic potato when he's thinking 
Okay but ME! 
Road to 1k!!! Being carried by sammy 
My phone automatically corrects girl to GORL lmfaoooo

Thank you 
My morning wake up laugh.....he said it had thread count
I want to call in sick tomorrow. If I get 20 likes I will, than I can stream. 
When someone comes into your stream to tell everyone in chat that their stream is about to start...
 
Thanks to 
 The Whodunnit is here, solving a mystery it being a murder is sets the tone; Whodunnit U Alone? 
 only the REALEST. (and complete badass.) 
When you don't know how to fight Ex.Gian Flip 
 had the best dlc characters 
Finally got my 
Best football commentator ever? (Explicit language) 
Live playing call of dooty wait i spelled that wrong duty 
 Is live featuring 
In the morning there were 2 and nowbthere are 4! 

I feel like a new mum again 
In other news...
...my baby is still concidered obese 
Well hello my little friends. 

I fucked up the pots and now the tags are all wrong and I actually have no idea what this is growing 
Oh dear 
Retweet for all you fortnite lovers 
Did I
Does anybody remember that Sunday League match at Scarborough in 2001? You might need to jog 
What’s your address 
Here's me trying to do a Q&A while improvising on piano 
Paige has got Bullets full attention with that tweet.  
Sooo looks like I may need to get another 
So the unanimous vote was overwatch by 1 person 
EASILY my favorite kill of the night.  
Streamer loot is R E A L.  
LMFAO 
So I'm in the 
We had such a great stream today and I hope you all liked learning all the weird facts about me 
Anybody else notice Joe Davis’ call of Tyreek Hill’s punt return somehow made it into OU’s video? 
I like Boobs


That reaction when you're co-streamer on 
Im sorry, but I can't watch 
Getting into character for tomorrow's 
Getting this glitter for the stripper beard tonight 
I'm still cracking up from that video 
Y’all.. look at this chic-fil-a rap video 
GUCCI GANG ACOUSTIC COUNTRY VERSION - 
A team at my local needed a fourth before roster lock. 
How does one obtain such succulent grips? 
HE ACTUALLY ATE SHIT 
I'm just going to play at my best, I cannot predict the movement of the safezone but I will loot as much to hope the game stays in my favor 
Well atleast you don’t have to make a new one 
Wait for it...

...we can't wait to see CHEW at tomorrow's game! 
Great way to wake up
 good call dipshit 
Every time you hear this song you just know niggas wilding 
crazy how coaches can leave whenever they please, but when a player wants to transfer they want to take a year of eligibility away
This how Zaytoven be looking at me when I leave him in the car!!! 
That’s why you my guy lol 
What recovery looks like. By 
Welcome To The SEC Frank 
mtvcatfish 
Forced Fumble by Rookie 
Why do I always do the strangest walk when I'm trying to be quiet in a morning 
in the matter of 2 seconds hunter FaceTiming me he falls twice on his skate board
Easy dub 
The best 24 hours of the year!! Donate, stream or go watch some live improv now in Chicago 
They laughed when i committed 
The nba better stop recruiting from the hood 
Not like you I want to be you! 
. Like he cares what you have to say.   What skeletons are in your closet Mr Khan?
I'm only recovered now from Friday night 
Were you in my kitchen this morning? I didn’t even notice you 
 Gets Crushed In Ratings By 22 Year Old Episodes Of Full House! 
Things have got a little weird behind the scenes at the 
We set 
Ooooh yessss.... The silly season is nearly upon us. Watch out for our new ORIGINAL Xmas song....This is our pension 
We dont swing in German.....YET!!! Brilliant performance last night 
Irish fans in Copenhagen 
You'll never be invited to watch Robbie Keane play football again, 
When an MP recites Big Shaq lyrics and nobody even notices 
 

"I don't invest in relationships"


Don’t know what I’d do without Gogglebox and these two 
Thank god for the shorts 
"When you leave the baby alone with dad" 
Looking good Hayley 
Myself 
This is the best advert I’ve ever seen
It's Gone. 
Looking forward to judging at this again this year. Just a week to go until another great night 
It's tough trying to work around 
 sometime
omg are you gonna be on the tab 
I emailed yesterday complaining 
nice one 
We begged 
It's nearly there!! The big front 4 & a half. For those who know nothing about diving....you basically throw and hold on for your life! 
Laughs as always with 
Laughs as always withb@Glendagilson 
Absolutely howling watching ‘The Salon’ so so so funny!!! 
Just been to watch 
Achill Island 
24/7 light
24/7 internet
Fully stocked library
5 mins coffee break after an hour of class.
Classes start by 9am-6pm
Cold breeze
No ancestral spirit monitoring you 
She was happy to eat her burger and then... 
Me: It's non-uniform day today Alex! Alex: Wow, does that mean I need to go to school naked!? 
TAG someone who feels like us

Totally legit btw 
Lovely piece - always had a positive supporting culture in the GPA (until 
How's this for a fat whip? 
It's official - 
Olympic medallist and 
How funny is 
Really thought we had a chance for the win until the safety car. Anyway, happy for this guy! @Nirei0124. Not a hobby driver anymore! 
Big Shaq has made it to the House of Commons 
"Still, Roberts is no stranger to annoying people..." 
Aw thank you! Such lovely (back handed) compliments 
 great seeing you last night and so pleased you enjoyed the class 
Sir 
Big up my mum rating the new Yatez album. “Is his name, yah-teez? He has a nice voice!” 
How you just gona type "No" and not even add a "LOL" 
I'm guessing bringing plastic spoons to a press screening is a no-no? 
So I woke up this morning craving   Pineapple Ginger Upside Down cake and 
Who dat? 
When you’re leaving work, but then spot some biltong
Cheers to the weekend!! 
Sunday secrets 
Anytime honey 
Need some Tuesday Motivation 
Nowdays the most stressfull thing about "airport life" is founding FREE Wi-Fi and a safe place for charging all your electronic devices 
Just set my account up with 
 Lira has many of those she also sings Noma onga hamba 
Content ye bhudda doesn't come cheap, Larry.
Lots of fun this afternoon 
Yes knocked 7years off me sorry dan added 9 on you 
OH GAWD IM CRYING WHHYYY DO YOU GUYS DO THIS TO ME 
I've got slow roasted English shoulder of lamb today and drinking English beer none of that brain's shit 
Yes she only got little hands 
Fair play good rant 
Ohh ffs who's woke the butch up 
He's a fecking knobhead stick to playing with you chopper butch !!!!!!!
Excuse me 1 world cup and 2 world wars 
Ok here’s one for ya Welshman if there’s such s thing Scotsman Irishman go on to s bar to watch word cup and the bar man sez mama Mia ya wanna pizza why coz none of yas there 
Nope we not like you English crying for years after you've only won 1 World Cup that was 51 yrs ago they way you lot go on sounds like your regular winners of it 
When he buys you the biggest most beautiful ‘feel better soon’ / ‘please stop coughing you’re doing my head in’ flowers 
One of the greatest scenes ever! The Chandelier smashing
...looks like the cat is expecting to be served tonight
AMAZING: The six FC Zorya fans celebrating their 1-0 win away at Athletic Bilbao. 
AMAZING: When you get banned on 
QUALITY: 
Retweet if you love to 'take the pea' 
Got a one match ban on 
Dodgems whilst drunk, no way this can go wrong 
Oi who's this fella in Ashley youngs body
How about this one then? Royalty 
 Cesc Fabregas admits he threw 
 only you would say this
Just caught up on this weeks 
It wouldn't be 
Looks like the book 
Our bhoy Conor didn’t get the London Sleep OUT memo 
Well, that's what I told him to say... 
What d'ya think? 
Last night was our 5th time, how time flies when you're running about like a headless chicken 
Hashtag Hugh Torrens!  Hugh trends 
FAIL: When a girl comes to the airport to surprise you by welcoming you home but then her car breaks down in the car park 
Fun fact: people in Germany love Robbie Williams 
Braw athlete 
Thanks for that Le Pach 
Challenge accepted I guess 
Girls... Who else does this happen to? 
BRILLIANT: When 
WHO NEEDS THESE SOCKS 
Size 8 or size 16 you can still be unhappy with your body !! Dno why folk don’t understand that 
Macey’s reading me bad Santa tweets like it’s my bed time story 
Bayern knew last week that they'd face Arsenal. 
This is very true! 
Christmas tree shopping. Feeling festive. Only adults without kids there and only ones in festive clothing too 
Thanks for the giggles 
Every single time 
When Harrison breaths in
Watch this absolute car crash of a rope swing by 
You can only retweet this today 
Thanks Pellis 
I bet you are riddled w/bruises! Yikes! Ice bath all day! Lol. & how do we get you to play bubble wrapped? It's come to this
Friendly Tangalooma local Harry the white faced heron making sure everything's in order 
Spend my lunch break (and then some) at the 
I’m off it 24/7 
Swung by 
Stop, y’all are too quick with this 
When you’re number 1 in RPI and that direct deposit hits 
Today: someone who's made a six-figure business from podcasting, the 
My heart was pounding out of my chest. 
"When your dead asleep but your song comes on" 
"sign of wealth" 
THAT FRIEND WHO ALWAYS THIRD WHEELS!
I love sweets, especially larger than life gummy bears 
This funny right here 
Haha you foolin 
 appreciate you McN... Ahh I'll stop
Hahaha good times 
I will retweet every time i see this
Treat your bundles the way you want to be treated 
Sign me up
Lol cyber Monday, putting a ton of things in the cart then exiting out of the website 
You gotta love runners being hosed from the outfield 
Seeing as the next six weeks I’ll be in Chicago, Las Vegas, Kentucky, California, Portland, Kansas City and Minneapolis I’m really looking forward to it
This. Is. Fantastic. 

Shouldnt have shook off the sign 
It's December, so as far as I'm concerned it's Christmas 
This killed me tho 
Just returned a lost dog with no collar to her owner, I feel like a superhero 
Looking forward to having 
These celebrations 
This is such a smart play 
Those moves 
I hate this nigga 
This needs to go viral 
It ain't safe 
Game Changer 
Happy 29th Birthday to you Ma 
I just went to 
You can tell that’s not a 
Real Oakland ... 
Mask Off challenge
How I feel abt school at this point
When your mum calls your name and you fake sleep so she tells someone else to do it 
 everyday struggle lol
This dog needs to be tested for PED’s ASAP. 
Ew . 37 so nasty 
Collaboration room training in Mobile, Al. Was there for my Granny’s school dedication. Snuck in the teacher training 
Thanksgiving have you like.....
Happy national boyfriend day! Not only is he the best boyfriend, but he's the best writer too. 
Ohh, you are playing with 
My favorite line of tonight came from our fearless 
The media will say anything to get a response. 
Chris vs Mikaela's little brother 
Sorry! Couldn’t help myself!!! 
I found it in the notes section right in front of my face. 
Found out today that the reason 
Local lad 
red men
This would be you 
Always nice to see a few familiar faces 
 bro even your mother knows thats false 
Stop what you're doing, the best football clip you'll see today is here... 
Pogba 100% photoshopped in there 
You know Tom Savage, but have you met 
Well this made my morning! 
Miss Large said: 'He was a scrawny, vile little coward and I was probably bigger than him, so it was lucky we didn't catch him. If I had, I probably would have battered him.' 
Massive banter from this Watford fella 
Another crazy man..!! 
Well done CJ..
At least CJ has completed his rather exhaustive Movember task of 30mins spin as Mr Motivator - including pink 'bumbag'..
Crying 
Some people take life way too seriously 
Looking for some background info on tonight's 
“Whoever thought Dan Edgar had a personality” 
Who would of thought it?! 
Where do they go? 
Thank you all for the birthday messages. You all know I Much I love attention 
Running naked when you forgot your towel 
Little beasts 
Christmas Eve ready 
We finally get to play our cup game against 
Disgrace 
Can’t believe Chloe’s just received a prank call off a no caller ID and it was some girl saying that I’ve been sleeping with her for the past three months 
What the fuck just happened..
like how 
craving monroes 
Tart 
 Amir is me
Can’t wait to get Christmas out the way so I can actually spend my money on myself
What a fucking nutter 
The Panama ball boy did everything in his power to get his country to the World Cup last night 
Olivia dive gets funnier the more you watch it 
This is a proper tackle 
This is actually becoming quite funny now
Wee random Chinese boy took a bite of jacks leg in Prague airport 
Nope!


Pardew Diet Coke Break 
Haha ye u know to back off, I’ll take that as a no you don’t fancy it!
 I’ve not played since I retired 3 years ago pal but after seeing ur performance 
Added some yoga to my training for core strength and flexibility... 
Look at Leonard Ellerbe's face when McGregor makes weight. He couldn't believe it! 
Scenes in the studio!

Where on earth is 
Rolling back the years today, Lewi Med with the commentary 
BRIGNOLI 
This is class from Ryan Bertrand 
Fuck knows wit McGregor will do next if he beats Floyd man cunt will probs win next years Wimbledon or suhin
When you know you've had a rough one. 
Talking about haircuts with you grandad and he says that he has a short back and shine! 
That's a magic pan, Amazon or Ebay? 
 is getting soft in his old age, 
he see's his daughter 
northern ireland are on tv tonite! look here lads it's the England B team !  
Who made this 
this fella blagged his way on to babestation, i've never cried with laughter so much
Nahhh, man got in the shower wid his vex woman an cutta fart.. u get extra time on ya sentence for dem ting deh 
Sacher-to-me..... Yeah i should get out more 
Love the daily weather reports 
It’s been in Torquay since September 
Definitely a trial none of the guys wanted! Unlucky Will (
And that's a hat-trick for 
“These jokes never get any better do they?” 
Whole flipping family dancing to raksu!
“Oh-ho-ho boy.”

It was 
 car guys are like crew chiefs  they age in dog years buddy lol
Haha, classic!  Lots going on here!  What an honor 
Looks like the Boss Man had a few laughs at last night's event - 
Happy Friday!

Might revise our "do not discard" decal a bit... thoughts? 
I need a better receiver 
 I dig the 
This is going to be us when we go Saturday!
Lingard hit the sweetest milly rock. I wanted to join in and I don’t even support United 
Okay, I’ve just been told I’m exactly like Toff for the 9th time since 
Friggin LOVE Ant & Dec! 
Chunnaic mi seo air Facebook 
"The Bloomberg system is a 
Earlier today I popped up to the drug-hotspot in Wakehams Hill, 
The second most excited my wife has ever been to meeting someone, only behind me of course... in Joliet, when it was 500 degrees.... 
Stay 
Yep we know how hard it is 
I swear it sounded better there! 
Work in the morning! Maybe I should go to bed. 
When you can’t relate because you have to pay bills this way. 
I be at the doctors office doing my own little thing. Touching shit I’m not suppose to be touching. Adjusting shit. 
Dre and I are seriously to hyped off this coffee rn 
Happy Thanksgiving from the Sulahian family with some humor and love 
check it out 
When your uber driver sings loudly 
That time I had a vamp on my back 
New producer, who dis? 
(Retta, update them hashtags
When we write a song & want to release an acoustic version straight away... yet don’t even remember what we wrote
Asked for good barbecue recommendations on stage in Houston tonight! 
When 
LEGIT 
UKG Dances remain the GOAT dance moves 
Skin and bone man 
"Gonna go to the Eiffel Tower and eat some spaghetti hoops and that" 
I forgot how funny the 2nd series the League of Gentleman is
Finally got my new fibre broadband switched on - It's 1.5mb faster than my previous ADSL connection. 
9.5mbps! The future is now! 
Can’t lie this new beat with 
When u actually break ur neck
Who's shadow does it best 
How annoying is it when people try to act intelligent by talking about a subject and you just sit and think...shut up...you don’t know what you’re taking about mum 
where can i find the cheesiest 2 hour 2017 house pop mix? 
Do you ever sit in the studio and make an amazing melody and you are like damn this is a hit and then it hits you..Maybe this melody exist already 
Pretending to be good boys 
Thank you to everyone who is anxiously waiting to receive their Reddit Gifts Secret Santa today! Sorry for the slow down, we are still matching you all! 100k+ people takes a long, long, long, long time 
Clearly love this city!!
Dj’s Life 
Just woke up 
Gym times, so fun times
Ahhhhhhh MY LOCATION FIRE AS FUCKKK !!!! Imma post endless pictures 
Don’t be sneak dissin America lmaoooooooo 
You know you've made it as a producer when 99 percent of your plugins are purchased. 
Wait for the sheer joy 
I've never felt another man's pain more 
May've been true if I had yo big ass up there 
We'll give Didi a pass on his postgame tweet tonight. 
Check it out! Here is what went down on Carpool Karaoke with 
His dick is like a gerkin 
“I got a mortgage worth of debt, in a nice subdivision, with an acre lot and a picket fence” if this ain’t my damn life as I sit here in my on campus apartment 
 it’s way more than 17 hairstyles lol 
If you don't already have it on please turn on the World Series 
 is a walking vibe 
 wilder is a funny guy tbh 
“We’re a basketball family, that’s just what we are.” -Rick Insell
“Mom called me and said she’s rooting for Ole Miss”. -
Best birthday ever despite it being -3°C 
I just laughed so hard
Startin off the mornin with a bang... 
Been laughing at this for several hours straight now. 
Suggs at it again 
December 1st. No one can deny it's appropriate to listen to Christmas music now! 
Grown men get on social media just to hate on another person... 
Coach: Next person to get picked off is running poles

Me: 
Tell me that's not the cutest yawn you've ever seen! 
DON'T SAY ANYTHING JUST RT 
Great game... i also now know how to professionally repair turf on a football field 
Know anyone who has 
Someone take Snapchat away from my mother asap
The amount of seniors that can’t spell their own name for senior quotes scares me
BEST WRITERLY MOMENT: Creating a BRAND-NEW 
We always have that problem 
We've come a long way since 2013, wouldn't you say?
. All day. Everyday 
I mean who hasn’t wanted to do this at 3:00 am at some point in their lives?
"NASA announces plan to launch $700M into space" 
Give this guy the manager of the year! 
I bet you wish you bought 
 || The roast of 
That N1.5million Grin 
Google diagnosis, every. single. time 
I’m going to miss the Hell out of college and I still got a year left 
Teaching 
Love this so much 
Lmaoooo I'm weak 
Y'all. This might be the best comeback I've ever heard. "Smh at women talking sports." 
Kentucky’s coach says butch does a great job. He’s got jokes
This how it pose to be .. Early lol 
 and his wife Lauren took it too a level that every athlete would understand and appreciate! Just genius! 
Antonio Conte has left 
Dave Riddich meet Connor Mcdavid. 
Good luck with that 
Maroon to Smith during warm ups 
Honestly....I feel this s d one absolutely fail safe gandhigiri weapon we girls should master at...it works everytime
Apparently 
Pull out or naw? 
I’m in! 
My wife almost fell down laughing when I showed her this. Thanks 
It’s true!!!
Okay so.... I've now officially got a company called "Sheev Productions" 
A good ski technician is always prepared for anything 
Excited to show you 
Im so inspired today the funny thang is the devil tryin 2 stop me so that tells me he feelin sum type way cause god bout to bless me 
I KNOW PEOPLE SLEPT ON IT 
Hope y’all don’t notice the piece of glitter hangin out my booty. 
Y'all are too good 
Respect them Kardashian’s they ain’t fucking on no broke niggas
My laugh is always last and it's louder 
“ i Want a nigga i can learn from”  Bitch you dnt even listen, u argue everything wat game do u expect to receive? 
Lol this dad is going off about his daughter’s boyfriend 
This man dancing to Michael Jackson's ‘Remember The Time’ at a recent Janet Jackson concert absolutely KILLED IT. 
How many people wanna eat a “W” tonight?! 
@officialknock2 always trying to act like he’s not hearing me when i tell him to play Despacito
Brian and the Hedgehogs. Beautifully wood-turned and finished off with 
The phoniest females are the ones that be constantly exposin dudes tryna “get at her” on social media thinkin she got the juice like that 
I can’t believe someone dressed up as me for Halloween. Shit getting really spooky 
Last night ran into 
Bro you have zero followers 
Hahahaha this is so hilarious 
Boss shit 
3yrs ago I was I was selling weed, tobacco and hunny buns 3 for 1 from the bottom rack. Now I’m doing so much better 
Thanks!!my first club cricket captain. How diverse our lives have become
I am sure we can, just need to sleep at the same time as Akhira. 
Thana tweet ni thane quote cheskoni good cover drive anta,Self trollers 
Genuinely considering setting up a 'boarding school partners support group' 
When you catch your toddler calling 
this is next level !
 .. We will all be there .. 
“I pretty much never smell my friends’ bottoms”

Quote of the day by 
 any donations welcome 
Wait for it......
We think it’s the greatest accent of them all. Santa however... 
Improving footwork with my little coach at 
Does anybody remember that Sunday League match at Scarborough in 2001? You might need to jog 
When the squad's on point but 
"I'm rooting for you" from a stranger at the beginning of a gig, don't get me wrong that's lovely of you to say but it's not an extreme sport it's a pub gig 
Less than 2 weeks until our first panto, 
Fun fact: people in Germany love Robbie Williams 
We were lucky enough to get a rare look at 
A owl 
 is cracking me up this morning 
Don’t ever leave your phone unattended in 
Did someone just shout "Up Galway!"?? 
Brilliant Christy Moore joke 
I can’t even deal, just let me love you so I can cut everyone else off
WOAH GUYS! The jumpers sold out so quickly! We’re working on a restock so don’t worry if you missed out! Will keep you in the loop! Fun fact, me and 
Just arrived in Bath at the 
Ready 
Chris Coleman is doing a radio phone in for fans to ask questions. Some fella just called in....”no questions really, just rang for a chat.....I’ve been on the cans” 
Actual gold 
First birthday meal of the weekend begins with bottomless brunch... gonna be pissed before I get to dinner 
Dom mispronouncing EMMERSON MNANGAGWA is too funny!! 
Facebook Live for tv is a winner 
What a journey it has been to dance on this show and hopefully break some perceptions!Now they need to find someone who keeps their bum in!
Don't know if I'm more annoyed that i messed up the anecdote about 
Well that was a strange one!! 
Checkout 
“Don’t let the b*stards get away with it!” 
Football fans... Mindless, moronic thugs etc... 
Cameraman has a meltdown when a MARTA bus gets in the shot of his Georgia Dome collapse video. 
In case you need a last minute 
Kez to Stanley: You've been trying so hard to get a Prime Minister in the family 
Stab each other 
Lovely piece - always had a positive supporting culture in the GPA (until 
Sound lads! Vinny's Mammy will be delighted they're playing the church tonight 
Tracy tells Nicola exactly what she thinks in Monday night's episode...don't even get her started on the shoes 
Potentially my favourite part of the championships so far 
Me:” Kevin on X Factor is amazing isn’t he!?” Maria : “He could fart down the microphone and I’d still vote for him!” 
When the X factor contestants hear the other contestants’ names called out on the result wishing it was them 
Had a great afternoon with 
Who the hell calls their house sausage, egg and chips... and in French!!!!
Another Jigsaw.... next level 
Straight to 
Me and Ben have a flight tomorrow morning and all hotels are fully booked, we may have to sleep at the airport... tragic life update 
Did they bring these judges over from Australia? 
Would absolutely love to go the darts, quality atmosphere
Ronnie O'Sullivan doesn't understand the concept of virtual reality 
When the Nice football team are in the same hotel as you in Paris 
Superb vocals from from both 
. We are very lucky to have the amazing support of the 
Can not believe we nearly missed our flight after leaving 7 hours before 
Safe to say Wycombe 
Sometimes I can be a girl 
hahaha I think 
Always nice to see a few familiar faces 
How emotional has the last 10 mins of 
Brilliant from our chums at 
Brilliant. I'm definitely going to try this 
Massive thank you to everyone at 
There has never been a more competitive family. 
Well done to all who took part in the 
Yep, that's right Brexiters. A nation of people tweeting about angel pillows, a child milking a toy cow & a man dressed as a lobster - with none of their kids in bed come midnight, holds the key to your EU negotiations.  
Just looking back on my year and think this may be one of my highlights. Being sent a dick pic by 
Teaching the police sign language (sort of) 
The fucking irony 
Ruptured ACL but who cares after a 95th minute winner 
Easy Richie 
Probably the best moment in 
 just watch this guy  
Book 15: I'm Judging You, The Do-Better Manual by 
When you’re dating someone who you thought was faithful but then you catch them... watching an episode of your favourite show without you!! THE BETRAYAL!! 
so excited to join 
Christmas tree shopping. Feeling festive. Only adults without kids there and only ones in festive clothing too 
Our own 
They say the first step is to admit you have a problem...I’m a 
Scarlett is all "I'm the leader of the squad".
They are set to ROCK 
Christmas presents...  Tickets!!  Get your tickets!  Tour dates below....  
Priceless! 
The first of our light-hearted GAA sketches, it was a laugh a minute filming this one! 
Finished a long week of 
We raced each other 14 years ago in Bahrain for the 1st time, I pissed 
“One of your main homeboys just turned snitch, all y’all in trouble” - 
 "Flynn was closer to Trump than Melania".   The best line of the night 
Celebrating his first win in 8 years, 
Oh for gods sake! It's positively atomic 
My Rhodes is in the shop for a week! WTF am I gonna do?! 
Loving the new #5150 shirts printed up by 
I LOLed. 
RT if going back to work today was like a vacation after 4 days with the kid(s). 
Nigel Farage: "I’ve done more than anyone else to stop the rise of the far right in this country." 


 2009 This photo needs no words officialgreenvelvet 
Thanks Shanghai for the very early morning welcome! 
Some folk r on smack 
Always makes me laugh when i see someone waiting at a crossing whilst on a jog just jogging on the spot 
When ur jaws gon that much it dislocates hahahahaha who is this cunt
Thank you guys SO MUCH for 2 million view on my 
Always stopping traffic. 
coming for yo job 
But as a venue...that's pretty sick. I wish I knew where it was.
CAN'T BREATHE. WHY IS THIS SO FUNNY? 
Finished this painting last night. Only good vibes 
Today I was shown that im on that sample site. Getting snitched on feels kinda like an accomplishment this one time. 
I rly just had all this serious convo w 
 already got our wristbands for tonight! 0400 wake up was worth it!! Your biggest fan is beyond thrilled (and even picked out her outfit because she thought you would love it
 love it. 
When you find a bauble on the floor and ask your toddler if they did it and he stands there and shakes his head 
I’ll give you a little insight to his “vision” - he asked for red and green text... this is why people should just leave it to the designer, we’re the creatives for a reason 
So I designed a really cute logo for a client of mine & he kept asking for changes that ended up making it look absolutely shit and turns round and says that it’s not working out? I still got paid so I’m not complaining but really? Some people are so dumb & have no vision 
Lmaooo idk , but he’s right , men ARE trash 
Your reaction when your friend tries to get you to eat healthy. 
Yo, what’s going on?? 
No music just dancing to the beat of my own drum 
Seriously though 
I wish I’d written that pitch question! 
 this just made me laugh 
Here's this nightmare, brought to you in the flesh by Betty Crocker: 
Would it be useful for lightening cables to have those little clips on the end like on MacBook chargers to keep them tidy? This immediately unsprung itself after this photo so I think - yes 
an extremely watered down version of the chief reformocon agenda item was passed over for 0.94 points of corp tax rate 
When you're asked to carve the turkey…. 
Wii sports bowling be like 
Y'all sickkkkkk 
lol Ohio state -- to the buckeye fans, I hope it hurts 
Looking sharp 
Y'all are too talented and quick! 
"I was the super fan in the background taking pictures like a weirdo. Just have to call myself out for it." 
This is how i read them from anybody who’s never stepped on a college field 
I remember when this happened .. outstanding 
Real Oakland ... 
Our ultimate musician Rex Wiseman right after Joe forgot to introduce him last night 
When you jack 3 home runs in game 5 of the 
When you’re number 1 in RPI and that direct deposit hits 
The face you make when you know the damage you can do but it’s not worth it 
Text from 
Let’s Get It Blackie
Checkout Dan Bailey top right going to the knee
Bruh...be cool, man. Especially considering you didn’t text me “Happy Thanksgiving” 
Mannnn this interview is 20+ minutes of straight foolishness. Liters straight uninterrupted foolishness. What just happened?!? 
Google Chrome....Chromo 
retweet once you see it 
The fact that she tried to turn the light off tho
NIGGAS GOIN WILD IN PHILLY CUZ BOBBY SHMURDA GOT LOCKED UP 
funniest moment of the night at the 
Project in PreCal. Had to create the Unit Circle on a non-paper medium and a few of my students created it outside my window! 
I started reading this in such a serious tone and then it evolved into the Jonas brothers in my head?
“This is not my chin” 
The FAMS have spoken! We present to you Princess Staley & Aj'a Rey for today's game... 
The fact that 
Wait for it...

...we can't wait to see CHEW at tomorrow's game! 
Okay fr this time bye y’all 
My Son Be Having Me Crying 
So this group of three elderly couples were celebrating some friend’s bday... *bday guy blows out the candles*
Wife: DARLING! You got wax all over my chest!! 
Bday guy: You weren’t complaining back when we were dating 
I just had a whole conversation about the Japanese show MXC on Spike back in the days with a coworker 
Here’s our view for tonight’s broadcast. My counterpart from Temple thinks he was closer to the action at his last football broadcast at Tulsa. 
First mosh pit Nena tried to get in and it’s also one of the biggest mosh pits at Ruby Skye 
*casually standing next to 
Update: the district manager came into the store and I never closed this so he saw it 
LMAO that poor guy from 1:13 to 1:19 
This fits so well 
Holy shit I'm dying. 
"Mad scientist looking ass" -My manager 
Hahaha he’s the best 
 || 
When you literally know the whole 
Had a dream last night I went on a date with Scott Eastwood. He liked me because I was eating a burger and fries & he took me to a Washington nationals baseball game.

Just thought the world should know what Melatonin does to me 
I can't recall doing that 
I CANT BREATHE
Biggest savage in MLB History 
How many Alex's can you fit on 
I've been to Miami three times and didn't do all that 
Lmao 
 this is cracking me up.
What the holidays are really about. 
Kicking off the holidays right with this turkey 
Look who is on 
“Send.. Help.” 
Bless him. 
My smell.... which you have now ruined by calling it Saussage!! 
They’ve re done the voice at the end of the M&S ad!! 
At the end of this Peter had no idea I had permission to open the expensive booze .. pooped his pants 
Still listening to this on repeat 
I’m feeling so sorry for all the Elon Musk parody accounts. 
Husband’s favourite hobby is going into 
I’m done with the internet today 
Got a feeling Sam lake not arsed 
Just got my iphone x. And cant get enough of these animojis 
Ignoring each other in Liverpool 
Thoughts after last night 
Get me another L A Y E R 
When bae says no vs when they give in and say Y E S 
Now T H A T is relationship goals... Tag bae so they can take note 
This is a perfect day 
That moment where you accidentally gate crash a really cool meeting with 
Two types of people taking pix 
Nothing like getting free tea posted through your door on a Sunday... 
Fabulous night watching 
... and the camera 
Last but definitely not least, our amazing president, Pippa! Believe it or not, she's exactly 5 foot tall AND once fell asleep in firefly 
Just to clarify - I am not shipping my kids off somewhere! 
That’s one use I hadn’t considered... storage of children in soapboxes! 
Why are you guys like this?? 
 nooooo he wasnt readyyyyy
Brilliant day so far at the 
Go check out our new video for 
The only John Lewis 
Toff is my absolute favourite. 
Did it get any easier from Peterboro 
Are you having a laugh 
The original Three Degrees Sheila 
On the Rattler again down to the Smoke. 
Standing room only on the 
Cracking thoughts + insight from 
Had a bit of wind 
Last two shows then off for a week! Will miss our crazy beautiful MAD show and everyone in it but boy, my body is ready for a rest 
Soooo 
Some rare footage of 
Reece is very confidently sharing  his young Identity business knowledge  you how it is 
Well done Davina 
Marie Hancock 
Good luck Marie Hancock 
Really enjoyed this mornings 
Had a 
toff reminds me of cassie from skins so bad
Toff makes me giggle 
"Oh look the colours on your Instagram all match up!" 

Yeahhhhhhh. It's not an accident 
How to ruin someones Instagram photos 
Del Boy, Rodney and Uncle Albert are after a rare butterfly worth £3,000 advertised in a magazine...this is what happens when they find and catch it
It looks like the Cardiff squad are having a good one in Amsterdam 
Because he bangs hatricks
Steve Mandanda is crazy 
Forgotten how good 
As I said clean 
If cars could give birth.....
Who said 
SPOTTED: "Wenger Out" signs at the anti-Robert Mugabe protest in Zimbabwe. 
Never mind ...
A true classic!  Terry Thomas: "All very hush-hush and whoosh-whoosh!"
I can't stop laughing at this! 
I haven’t laughed so hard at a movie in a long time 
Really enjoyed 
First livestream of December done..
I put oil on the fan bearing, seems to have worked! 
Re-downloading 
They added the DEADED animation in 
: art, code, & the joy of dumb stuff, as 
I think my favourite thing about the Scots translation of Harry Potter is the name for Quidditch 
The day’s of the week as told by 
Wichita St. to the Final Four would guarantee me victory 
Love the coke bottles 
Even reindeer are getting in on the selfie action 
And here's the actual selfie 
Would love to see 
First time ever I think Dermot didn't drag it out long enough 
Nah I would be fuming 
I wonder how many hours I've wasted of my life searching the house, bag, wrist for a hairband 
frustrating 
Everyone has a mate like 
 Brilliant x
"I HAVE HERE, IN MY HAND, A LETTER..."

winning the internet today A&O 
Many thanks! Same to you all. 
That's correct, he's on our BA Performance degree. Great performances from Jamie and the cast on 
When you discover your girl is dancing to a WHAM! classic in her exam.... what do you mean I cannot join in! 
Loved the show although ma daughter was in tears you never made it to top deck with sweets big man 
2 days tae go n 
Isn’t it hilarious when you treat someone how they treat you and they don’t like it 
Can we vote to keep it MU69? 
Ya hear that, everybody?! 
Yall almost drowned this poor man in mustard 
This made me laugh more than it should 
Remind me of what homie chanted way back when? Was it “lock her up?” 
Why the ref slither across the screen LMAO 
Things that happen in my soul family group chats: "I'm from Brooklyn. I rep Brooklyn all day" 
my friends are AMAZING it’s more of me just being insecure all the time 
I'm a 
I always put workout clothes on as fast as possible bc if I put them on at a normal speed I would talk myself out of going 
Saw this and thought of you immediately 
Penguins are at the White House today being congratulated by the president for their Stanley Cup Victory. Could have been very interesting if the 
We actually have an official holiday decorating committee! 
Chano public relating 
Hitting the mall on 
 we’re special. 
The only people who survived my country music unfollow spree were 
Cricket fans were just waiting for two simple words from behind the stumps on day one... 
 My niece, like who are you calling lol...
I really have approximately over 800 album in the trunk of my car 
Ha! Just Googled my name to find old 
Supported 
Today's breakfast: gluten free toast, avocado and..... The contents of A WHOLE SPICE GRINDER! 
We're in the 
That's a pretty hot triangle though. If we're gonna have a love triangle! 
I wish 
Looking forward to getting to my pod people at 
We can't even... 
Christmas #1 this year? Brilliant new Christmas song (soon to be Christmas staple) by Keith ‘n’ Julie 
Peter Kay tickets for June 2019! 
He said what!? Weekend goss got us like 
I see the 
Me in dartford: dartford is so shite.                   Me everywhere else: no seriously, dartford is shite 
Okay so Thor Ragnarok is INCREDIBLE. And laugh out loud funny 
You can see leading musical theatre performers on a cruise? Whatever next.... ha ha! 
Most iconic walk in goes to 
Anything for Mom 
This is how trust is forever broken 
Fun fact: I had to sit when we announced the winning team last night because right before that I almost fainted when I looked at my foot! thanks 
Aww As long as it’s not a sloth 
The moment I thought 
“Desperate Times Call for Desperate Measures”
I didn’t have the courage to show you guys till now but here’s to you 
Hey, cosplayers: apparently, you can buy the jacket? 
Miami hurricanes is a fluk 
Wendy Williams built like 
These niggaz outchea cheating too 
Next season on "Big Al's Got Talent"... 
I don’t know why this has me DYING 
On FaceTime with 
“How f**ked up is it that dyslexic is SO hard to spell?” - 
Zoë: Is he a virgin?

Courtney: No, he's not stupid. 


"A little slippery player" Auggie Auggie Auggie 
come on 
Today's Luton based delay is brought to you by "late arriving plane". At least they can't send me to another terminal 
If you need a laugh this morning check it out sorry 
Hey patrons, you probably think I died, but hold onto your butts because I'm dumping a ton of content and brushes on you over the next few days 
Us too, 
CAPTION THIS FOR ME  PLEASE
 don't worry I'll see him in la
Sadessssssssssss 
Had a blast at 
It's always a blast with 
 thank youuu 
She was ghosted after her wonderful first date... LISTEN to WHY? 
This will forever how I hear this song.... thanks internet! 
A few moments of 
 > Poor old 
Bye bye beard // Sad day for everyone...except my mom! 
Haha how have you got a mention 
Jon Moss is an absolute baller! 
 Really want a record player!
Havin a chill with ol Will 
I’ve officially met my 3 heroes in life
LOL when Eleven used her powers to knock Max off her skateboard cause she thought she was stealing her man. We all wish we could do that
When I say my mom is stubborn ... she’s the kind of woman who puts the gps to go somewhere but won’t listen to it because she knows better ahah 
Love the fact someone gave Megan Markle and Prince Harry some Haribo....YES! 
I’ll be hanging out the restaurant window for SURE 
Dave just played the worst ever joke on me that royal security called & Prince Harry & Megan asked to eat at his tapas restaurant when they visit Nottingham on Friday.... I’d legit cleared my diary & was dusting off my waitressing skills 
 I keep replaying it, has a ring to it!
3am I ended up getting in!!!! 
Alright, fine. I guess I'll stick with my people's car...the Subaru 
AND MIGUEL TOO? 

So much good R&B in 2017. Gonna be a baby boom for 20188 
Pelosi's opinion is NO more relevant in December 2017, than it was when the Dems passed ObamaCare. 
Dems R beginning 2 discover that sexual perversion & lying have CONSEQUENCES. Wait 4 2018. It'll only get better.
Sitting in an open salon, half naked having a shoulder massage with 
Tweeting 
It’s the biggest night of the year... So make it count! 
Tag a mate that loves the John Lewis Christmas ads! 
Khloé Kardashian has been known to get distracted by her own abs 
Finally, someone breaks down Christmas in a way I can understand 
This baby gets me 
You wanna bet on that amazing idea you had? Enter the Build-Measure-Denial cycle  
Pure joy 
Raheem Sterling is going to play Man's Not Hot at the Man City Christmas party. 
This is why 
Soccer PM Is here! And this lot are all excited by it...! 
Who else is on Twitter to find out if Whatsapp is down? 
Just home from weekend in Birmingham with Lady T_C. Looking forward to watching Celtic V Murder&Blubber Well before bed 
Amys a tired girl rn. Had 20 minutes sleep in 39 hours because I decided to come see you in Liverpool and Birmingham 
“I think when Birmingham get everybody fit they’ll finish above Villa this year for sure.”


 cheers Gary 
, I’ll take that. What a title 
Thank you but many would disagree ben, I’ve been called untalented and a fat shit in the space of 32 minutes 
The madam line killed me pal 
I swear it sounded better there! 
that auto-tweet feature on bandsintown needs to chill am-i-right? 
my dog is so dumb 
Dre and I are seriously to hyped off this coffee rn 
Those sound effects though 
Best one in so far from 
Excellent work Dad! 
social smuggling is their only merit. otherwise they talk of pushpak vimana but sign MOU with french company for fighter Rafale planes. 
Gandhi was a barrister! 
Bose was a Civil Servant! 

Both Fought for independence after Sacrificing Everything!

But the greatest sacrifice was made by Modi who left his tea-stall for a comfortable life and foreign tours in tax payers expense!


So where did i leave my phone yeh in fridge lol 
9am wig and makeup call....! 
Despite making reassuring comments about turbulence, I fear  
Thank you, Kamil, for gifting me this rehearsal room gem! 
I say...!! 
Delighted with our first ever branded van !! What do you think 
This is basically 
You couldn't even run a bath 
This lad loves a bank holiday! 
F*CK POLITICS JUST DANCE
.
The B&G don't have a clue who this chap is so I just shot my first 
Quote of the year - "It's just dawning on me...in Fair City...Nothing is fair..." Will Ferrell 
You know Brett Johns is still partying on because he's still liking everything that comes up on his twitter 
Treat Yourself Tuesday...that's a thing right? It is now anyway 
Here’s a Foxy Forecast for all our 
Positive mental attitude for the day.. I'm gonna be the one that falls spectacularly on the 
So me and my dance partner 
Giving slongchambon lessons in pouting.. that's all I can bring to the table for dancingonice 
The students of Brooklyn College don’t want the NYPD on it’s school ground. The cops make them feel “unsafe” 
But first... let us take a selfie
YASSS!! Think we should rename the buddha bowl to the bloggers bowl 
What goes down during fight week!! 
Retweet if you agree this is one of the greatest comedy moments ever 
Why does 5pm feel like bed time 
True that 
Lol at ESPN dragging this out so long...."we have to get our graphics together". 
Breaking news 
LOL...that Cardinals kicker did not want to celebrate. 
Didn't have time to eat today so two sliders in my room as I pack before heading to the airport for my red-eye connection flight home it is!
 
When your husbands favorite drink 
I wanted to wave to the #95, and thought 
IT'S THE WEDGIE SNAP HEARD ROUND THE WORLD!!! 
I spy a fox tail and a pair of 
Kimi killing it in the press conference today 
The guy who caught it 
When you're trying to do a postgame interview but LeBron is watching the Buckeyes 
Someone must've bunted 
I’m saying 
Only Coach text with the phone in this position 
Maybe one day - though I warn you, the local sandwich game is pretty... innovative 
I'm not a cat person, but THIS... 
NFL PLAYERS TRY NOT TO LAUGH AT THE WORST JOKES 
Sundays 
I just received an email from a company in Alba asking if I can sell THEM some white truffles!! 
 to last week when 'Team YP' hit London for the 
Knock, knock. ⠀
Who’s there? ⠀
It’s me! Perbellini Panettone 
Don't ask me for a lift if you insult people who got a car loan before a house. Drive your house to work since you're so smart

My best friend hates my haters more than I do 
Actually I’m just dyslexic.  
Y'all gotta give 
stuck 
now that 
 ...looks like Caesar has left his TVP persona behind and got in the swing of things 
The pic 
Makes me wanna go church 
And if lovin the lord is wrong......I don’t wanna be right 
25 years apart 
Unexpected side effect of Christmas decorations/promotion going up way early = hilarious “anti-Christian” responses to various decorations/promotions coming in way early. 
I didn't know a Smokes 
Man sent his CV in 
 Totally. I have a December 14th birthday. 
“Timmy fuckin turf” 
Heheheh must be nice
I look like that greasy meat thing you get rotating in the kebab shops 
Spectacular research into Brian Burston's bizarre cut n' paste SSM senate speech 
Sutton Coldfield fans are class 
This weekend we taking on 
Something big must've gone down at 
It's our year 
Jesus what will he by like at 5pm on 28-Oct having seen the goal machine that is 
Incognito party wear 
   I have way to much time on my hands tonight 
1 dairy free tonight.... just ordered cheese!! 
West Ham fans signing can we play you every week because we haven’t conceded in 20 minutes 
Good 3 points on the road. Enjoyed being back at Watford much more than last year! Don’t even think about it, 
That was a tough one today, big 3 points in the end! Come on 
REACTION: Delighted gaffer 
Honestly..... people wonder why I'm not right??!!! My parents just sent me this!! Driving down Brighton seafront! What chance you got! 
Is it just me .... or does Nicola Sturgeon's mam look like she's about to belt out 'Candle in the wind?'
So a trip to the 
Stop it 
It got a bit intimate 
Y’all know his momma about to beat his ass right? 
Mike Parry’s trending... 

it’s time for this..
Creasing at this too much 
Your MCM drinks beer with a spoon 
“‘Tis the season.” 
The only thing I have planned so far for my wedding day is a facial by 
Antonio Rudiger celebrated Chelsea's progression to the CL knockout stages by singing along to 'Mans Not Hot' by Big Shaq 
Going well for Rino Gattuso. Just conceded a last seconds equaliser, Alberto Brignolo the Benevento goalkeeper with the goal!!
Front page of the Telford Journal says it all! 
New bats arrive at Exotic Zoo... and owner looks like an idiot 
'Looks around all innocent ...... Moi...... Bonkers ....... As if !!!!! xxx
don't be late tomorrow 
Brilliant scenes as the 
 tell Breath to call me tomorro with details. 
Ready for a new fave page in the photoalbum? 
Where do they go? 
If anyone thinks Spurs are in crisis I urge them to watch this, Arsenal fan singing for their players to stay.


I'm guessing bringing plastic spoons to a press screening is a no-no? 
And people grumble about a few roadworks in Gainsborough 
 5% is spent in making me look old I’m really 34 - Mrs M is 36...love that cgi
MOM: I want to be your manager, a mom-ager 

ME: What's your experience in the field?

MOM: I made you.. Literally.

ME: Fair enough 
Never watched Magic Mike before ... Now I can never listen to Kiss - calling Dr. Love the same way 
Finally ordered some Christmas gifts for some of my friends; always hard to buy when you've got them/they have everything 
I love educating the guys at work; today one of the lads asked did silent movie's actually exist? And that I was weird watching them, also was asked who is Dean Martin? 
What were you thinking!!! 
I think that may well be the quote of the meeting so far 
Love recycling.  
I'm sober now.... so it was all your fault 
Can you tell that I'm on a train this evening...? 
 have an advent calendar! 
Just caught up on this weeks 
It wouldn't be 
Ha ha. Love it. 
They certainly did try 
Hahha 
Who’s got a bottle....?
Dude gets after it!!!        
If you know 
Can't wait to be back home in Wrexham and try out some new cute places like 
Move please love I’m trying to watch 
Anybody else ever been awake for their whole knee surgery? I was just having a convo with Doc while he hacked away at my knee 
’s voice is just out of this world 
The guy who gives advise is a Creaser!! 
Your new favourite haunt 
That’s 5 demos recorded and sent to SP Music Management now we have to pick the second single!!! 
I swear the only time it’s acceptable for Londoners to smile and acknowledge each other on the tube is when there’s a dog on the train 
Cunt is now awaiting a drop of from an apache 
Bought a tray of 12 doughnuts for the team I’m working with in Belfast. The woman in Greggs asked if I was staying in when I went to the till. Now, I know I’m fat but I’m not gonna sit in and eat 12 doughnuts on my own, I’d do that at home 
@lucycowlin @Sophieoooooo woke up at mine on floor late for work and went in same clothes from night before, ruined me 
@Sophieoooooo haha grandpa's homemade wine does all sorts.. What's in that stuff 
Craig's ridiculous replay 
We can't stop watching this... 
Another cutie for miss _midnight_moonshine_ 
Bahahaha 
I've come a long way since this... 
Putting our 
This Saturday myself and top man 
Congrats on the debut 
SPOTTED: Man vs Poncho at 
6th place & new PB at the Thanet 10 miler today. Very happy with 1:00:59 & my wife got to eat plenty cake 
What bling/medals did you get this weekend? No bling for me this weekend. Just tired legs 
Heavy sleds will slow you down...and are bad for performance...
context is key 
 something to come from the 
When the whole class snitches on you 
All set up at 
The three Wise men are darn thirsty after their long trip to 
Did someone say Bloody mary oyster bar?! Come on down! 9-1pm clear those heads 
Who is going to play 
Hahaha not seen 
Fucking hilarious that Milly left her suitcase at central station realised an hour later and the bomb squad were there 
Cant cope with these
So, the 
When one of your vendors sends you this first thing this morning 
So our game gets abandoned at half time because their keeper got sent off and threatened to kill the ref after the game 
When you realize your friendship is worth 2 phones and some dre beats 
Loooool she thought he was spitting bars! 
Steph hit the super-floater and KD was hyped 
Shannon Sharpe a fool bruh 
You are an inspiration on so many levels 
Had a lil convo with 
Great work.  
Wasn’t this the “Handei Tione!” Chap?? Tasvika!! Now you’re just like the rest of us. You prematurely celebrated before suffering the final ignominy and at the end you were left out in the cold. Some of us followed u to keep abreast. We have now unfollowed 
Pretty sure kevin doesnt even know what his best foot is 
One of the best costumes I’ve seen 
What a Carry On 
Might be a body up there or a priceless antique ? 
Having fun with the 
A visit to 
Aren't our customers 
Jammy 
"Buki, I love you. I will give you many sons." 
“Buki, I love you. I will give you many sons.”

Can we discuss this line? It completely undid me. I think I howled 
This right here is the whole truth!! And nothing but the truth!!!  
Last night, me and Amy must have wrapped about 30 Christmas presents we’d already bought. Happy November 
I really take for granted all of the prime locations for shoots in New York
Lucy thinks sleeping on my hand is helpful 
Made it to the platforms now 
This family's reaction to Messi's hattrick against Ecuador is amazing 
What MESSI did to Leandro is totally EVUL 
I think 
“I love coming on your show, great way to end an evening” Bradley Walsh 
Haha. They’re pretty ‘stand alone’, but I like the idea that you might miss out 
Podcast profile pic that didn’t make the cut 
I think anyone reading this knows what you want to do 
Reading the words I wrote to go with the photos in the latest 
We know that feeling. Although for us it's normally a fan's phone/iPad instead of a bus! 
Well, that's what I told him to say... 
What d'ya think? 
why settle for being a bath rubber duck when you can roam the oceans? 
 I love this.
 BBCBreakfast Loving The sleeping hamster impression this morning 
Birthday Boy 
Well... 
Foot fetish? 
Want to use the Facebook Polls feature on your Facebook Page? Learn how to set up and run a Facebook survey using animated GIFs and images 
It’s like Christmas for 
"He is currently unemployed" 
BEST BUCKET LIST EVER 
Does anybody hear this around the office?? 
Name a creature that can be blue... 
Definitely not this! 
He came to the big smoke and didn't understand the new high-tech tomato sauce sachet 
What do grandmas cook better than anyone?? Not sure about this answer... 
If you love science, you'll get this 
Who else has a family member like this? 
Ha Ha! Love seeing dogs enjoying life! <3 Maybe we should all roll in mud? 
Houdini dog 
OMG! OMG! 
 Seattle invented being mad at the internet.
Ya 
Telling somebody the files on the way knowing I haven’t printed the mix or uploaded nada 
Bethany was totally floored when she was asked to star in this week's 
Happy Monday!!


When being transracial goes wrong 
Still laughing at this
"Sell-By dates are a yolk
woah, This is huge.!!! this guy is unstoppable, 
This is how it's done! Never knew 
 Nicole forgot that she shared the screen with host Stephen Colbert in Bewitched. Watch it here: 
...Now we are talking... 
Treat your grandparents to a special treat today and remind them why you are still their favorite grandkid!
Only in Texas do you read this in a race flyer. 
 any chance they have any spares I'm a bit peckish 
Best leaving present - poo emoji toy to recognise my obsession with the gastrointestinal consequences of treatment 
Pretend archeologists on our sightseeing trip in 
He thought nobody could see 
Sometimes you just don't want to leave the park and we don't blame you! 
Yeah. I don't think I had a lot of fun on  this trip to L.A. 
 My mom and I are talking about the show night, we are still laughing. 
When you ask your barber for "something cheeky" 
Who's going ice skating at the Christmas markets this weekend? Any survivors are welcome to celebrate the gift of life with us! 
 I’m done 
 FTW 
MailChimp is a bunch of weirdos 
Because this is how journalism works 
I’m done 
You're so dry it's like the desert 
James & Dave Franco what they love most about each other & their CRAZIEST auditions ever 
This is so awkward but incredible 
 Marnie Simpson literally cannot cope as Casey Johnson leaves little to the imagination in a tiny paper thong  
1-1 fucks sake 
African pastor asks his congregation

Are you feeling Hot or MAN'S NOT HOT??
Skkkkkkkrrrrrrrrr 
Haha... John the Great Dane kills me everytime! 
 well you could put miley Cyrus on it like on wrecking ball , 
Yaaaassssss... THE SHADE 
When you and bae turn up matching... 
Yes boy 
Hahaha
Listen... I’m not complaining... I’m just saying haha 
That escalated quickly! 
Watching this side of Amir cracks me up 
An image that would give you nightmares 
This tweet just makes me laugh!!! 
Ah. Yes. 
Look what you've done, 
Yeh dad is a selector. I help him select the team at family dinners. 
So proud of my Referee mates who supported 
George Bailey 
I been watching dis over and over 
Reaction of Mourinho, Ashley Young and the assistant referee when Pogba get Red card 
Fair play Ryan Bertrand
I hope they didn't smash anything 
"Joggers in the news" 
Ooh do they know you took these photos? 
This is dead on! 
This is actually me 
And use 
I ain’t gon be able to walk down the aisle when I get married all my friends goofy asf & all we gotta do is look at eachother & BOOM we Weak 
MY UNCLE IS STUCK IN A CHAIR THIS IS THE BEST THANKSGIVING EVER OMG 
It's official, Christmas is all over the Alexander-Gilmore abode! And we have "upped our game" this year with the arrival of our Christmas peacock, Presley. Take that carrot farmer down the road... 
Also, thankfully moving to 
Find it so entertaining that books on the constitutional law of the European Union are being recycled in my department at uni 
How's that for a 
AI has arrived 
MJ was the king of many things... especially providing those hilarious, yet serious moments in his recorded rehearsals. 
That time they tried to trick us with one last MJ album. But only a fourth were actually him singing. 
When you’re so drunk you’re trying to let yourself past in the mirror 
This gets a Five Laugh Rating!

Sat up stone cold sober eating toast at 5am.... how my life has changed 
Developed the chipping yips... is that a side effect of my medication as well 
A fun season 
Once again, 
Thought i would do it on my own time 
So in my ancestrydna & tree i found out I’m Greek... Becky is arguing with me that 3rd great grandparents is soooooooo far back and i basically can’t count it. I’m upset about it bc i disagree 
Half way through my Sunday roast loving life.... and then I  remembered I need to take my 9 tablets only one more day and then it becomes 8 wahoo 
Hey SkySports, stop showing everyone else.... no1 cares!!!!!!! 
 it's not as after the watershed as it sounds I promise matron! 
Looks a great read!! 
Ding Dong It's 
Oi 
Young Simba....can’t complain 
Latinos must find the whole Spanish lisp thing hilarious. Just imagine landing in USA and they ask for your “pathport” 
 Episode 5 of the podcast is up now just an hour answering the questions we got the other day minus a few even I didn't I feel comfortable answering some weird people on here 
Revival of Uk Funky coming at you like ..... 
 My Son Loves 
 If Goku and Vegeta were Black! (DBZ parody) 
A+ tweet from DJ 
Not everyday nice pics!
That time I got koshed in the face 
When a woman has a baby why does she wanna be size 10 the week after 
Put together a little outtakes video from my ,breakeven‘ cover
This guy!!! It's only black and white with rydencarl 
Sample it 
Catch MA1 at 
 assistant said at a shoot today can we do that shot with out your cap on? I was like "what" 
Some serious love making going on with the mic here 
 Yes!! One day soon beauty
when you're in the Gym, doing physical therapy and it's playing better now and your physiotherapist singing loudly the song! this made my evening better!!
I wish I could tweet stuff 
Size 8 or size 16 you can still be unhappy with your body !! Dno why folk don’t understand that 
I'm dead omg 
I love how Facebook memories confuse the older generation 
I'd call it the game of crowns! 
I went gym yesterday now Im cattin for the gains 
Oi dont call me bro when I buss you know 
these guys will go and do road for 2 few weeks, doing the minimum work on the feild. then after will start realising singles on link up tv screaming "the roads is all i know" 
 knows how to finish up a 
No pound coins either... that machine did not respect ur life or ur pockets 
Sometimes I give my friends advice but the advice is so dead I might aswell of just said nothing 
You know you left it late when you're jumping on a normal bus, not even a night bus 
The leg thing infuriates me 
I make nice R&B mannn wish u could hear this 
LOOOOOL this interview
Funkz on the one two step 
No one wants to talk lmao 
Ayy this pic is mad funny 
The Murkles 
Who we mean mugging 
Why he had to fck it up like this? 
This killed me 
Nahh this is hilarious 
Ok everyone on Instagram is saying we should be the band for 
NO PARIS WAS SO FUCKING CRAZY THEY MADE ME DROP SHADE 3 TIMES ARE U MAD 
2018. I hope you’re ready. 
A good videographer will make a shit location with no props or extras look good - but man would rather put there money in renting a car and try get deals on price from the cameraman 
I get so mad when I see UK artists using amazing locations, props, extras and the visual looks pants! Invest in a good videographer first!! 
Soon as you hit a lying ass nigga with facts, he swear you being disrespectful 
I Miss Man Holla’ing For A Retweet.. Looool 
I was in lewisham squeezing a hammer u was with jamie listening to ragga 
Big up everyone chatting shit about me but wouldn’t @ me or chat shit to my face cos they know theyd get punched 
Omg I put a sex-toy-shaped-carrot on my mate’s Facebook Market place. Look at the response 
She did alright I suppose, well no-one sued me 
You are paying me what?! 
If you don’t have a track called ‘Untitled’ then are you even really a producer 
We've finally got an official promo video 
Couldn’t even help myself I had to whine up 
love it!
You know how cars in Fast and Furious use a Nos boost for extra juice? That’s ours 
Important conversation about whateves 
A look at 
Shouting out his address to a camcorder 
“It’s nice to have an Italian participating in the 
Donovan Bailey? 
Haha we need to clear up this Dj Phantasy thing as well 
So you bought your latest movie from some dude named “Bubba” outside the corner store did you? 
Can we all pause for a moment to appreciate how wonderful 
This is the best thing I’ve seen all day 
Going to a gig in Manchester in a full on suit should be interesting... 
Shield is as big as your watch 
Love this. 
Bluetooth owes me money 
Yessss you was!! First time i met you was via Bluetooth...shit babe you need royalties in that 
Vapour - The BLUETOOTH MC 
 still good that you're active bro 
Sent all these vocals off to different producers. It's exciting waiting for the finished product. I'm used to doing it all myself 
non stop rising bro
Is Your alarm in New York bro? 
Lmao accurate representation of the amount of voices in my head 
This is fucking amazing 
They tried to get rich and switch without getting rich 
 has been saying "ice city jewels with no pity" all this time i thought it was some next gibberish
Injured 
Mangala what a poor player 
Tom enjoying our 
My Mam is my favourite person but she needs to be stopped 
I also found out it takes some time and some serious pulling power to remove my gumboot! 
Good morning Christmas Market in Trim this weekend, Call in and say hello 
Doughty, Kopitar, and Brown were arguing over who had to cover Karlsson 
Matt Beca first? 
We loved having star of the show 
YAAAAY ITS SNOOOWING!!! 
Nothing better than reading Packers fans tweets as it unravels -- Hilarious 
This shit had me crying for 10 min now 
Walking to the dinner table like 
and his Bonsai Tree’s at like 2% 
What a lovely pair of jumpers! 
Jesse Lingard meeting his fans 
 what the actual fuck!
I spy a prank........ 
It didn't hamper Gers Christmas spirit either.. (unfortunately 
Food runs!! 
You a DE
It’s wrestling season .. which means we gonna see a whole bunch of refs doin this 
Oh hell nah, I’m not fallin for this lol. I’m young not stupid 
Lol, you think you're faster too 
Vertonghen was watching with Dier...Jan’s face when England and Belgium got drawn together 
If Cam Newton did this what would everybody say? Lol 
Chill 
Dang Pops my fault, forgot you had a Twitter  
INT. I’m just wondering why they took 10 minutes to come to a verdict 
KP out here using portals 
"let me see what you have.."
"a knife"
"NOOOOOO" 
Tony Romo joined Instagram with this hilarious video of his children playing football 
Tweet of the day. 
They lit af 
He does love to talk 
Boys so soft man 
Offseason be like 
Sign number 1 your old,when the kid wearing your jersey is now your teammate
I been in the states too long so my Spanish is bad
Ein have treppenwitz ALL zi time.....
She’s not messing around over here.. 
Best director of recruiting , worst bowler. 


Well, you asked for it!

Bruce calls the greatest race he's ever seen!


mood for round 2
Got the band together for tonight's home visit! 


They're the only pair that can break Bruce!


Friday feels 
Not only did we catch the 
We may have gotten a little bit lost on the set of 
On God! 
It’s rivalry week. 
“You want to hit him in the chest, it’s okay” 
Need a LOL? Head over to our YouTube channel and hang out with 
 Hands up who is missing 
  Chugging from a Halloween pumpkin just an average day in 
The iguana vs snake challenge 
 that’s Lil bro 
 yea cage! 
Sir 
Epic Records just signed Blac Youngsta and he already willing the f*ck our 
crazy how coaches can leave whenever they please, but when a player wants to transfer they want to take a year of eligibility away
A little trash talk 
Lol whoever did his spat went craaaaazy
Them fools working all day for pennies let them have fun 
 close enough
Don't be an Emily! 
 as a white male I have no real, pertinent say in this of course. But I still think your channel 4 interview was absolute class and am very glad it happened.  Not just for the riling the trolls the way you have 
You are hilarious! Dusky 
Oh look! And then there's this mess from the initial response to our complaint email, in which you say it will be resolved in FIVE business days - then one paragraph later say it will take TEN business days. 
Just touched down in Texas, any local recommendations. Cliff diving, wakeboarding or sumfing 
 I think the best one out. Nailed it young fella
He's got jokes! 
I feel like even Seth would lol at this 
I could only see one side of the twitter beef cuz ho Ho Ho is blocked but I still gotta great laugh outta it 
I swear I get no type of texts back 
The refs in this Purdue Louisville game suck man 
Every girl when SZA comes on 
Me watching hockey 
 You put more effort into this post then you did your entire career
The quote 
 let us live pls.
Would you eat in a restaurant if cows were the greeters? It's the norm here 
Adding a bit more real life on my insta stories and I’m just a twat 
When your partner is trying to sabotage your insta stories poll 
My favorite video for a 
Tap out due to strikes. 
Gourmet Crusaders 
Talib and Crabtree getting buuuusy 
Pick me. No way I’m worse 
Marshall Newhouse, wyd? 
We all just copy each other... like 
Love this! Be great as tandem 
I cooked up a prank on Jamie at lunch today. Unlike him to be speechless! 
You ugly bro 
When your mum thinks you've smoked weed every time you came back from the swimming pools 
Suup2 dox 
Just off the phone to 
That was like a tin of sardines in there 
When the guy you are talking to doesn’t know Spanish. 
that's sooo much 
Yeah about That Tongan Blue flag... Tongan Crip Gang(TCGs) have been breaking protocol  this whole RLWC wearing Red so they had to balance it out hence the blue. 
 the Pontiac Silverdome just kicked out of a 2 count!
I’m dying. My mom bought this book for my 6 year old and I just called to ask if she had actually opened the book. She hadn’t. 
We accepted The Crosspost Challenge with 
Amir Khan had a nightmare tonight, and he's been torn to shreds... 
"Yorkshire Airlines" 
I didn't think I'd come to work this morning feeling so amused 
Dom take my jacket off 
 happy birthday Luce!!!!! Can't wait to celebrate all week!! (hopefully not in hospital this time) 
When your mums got yours (and every other female footballers) back 
Olivia dive gets funnier the more you watch it 
After 38 mins watching the RL final cant help but think if they were playing the Union tackle laws there would be about 10 players left on the field 
ohhhhh God Pits 
Escape rooms with the team. Hopefully this isn’t our last tweet...wish us luck
Woops 
Game preparation 
Dad make he rugby posts !!! 
Steamer in the living room 
Love him 
I'll get you up here soon my freind 

I feel like anyone who has seen a couple episodes of empire or making the band thinks they are now music industry experts 
Because Thanksgiving comes but once a year...
I'm never leaving twitter 
It seems longer than 8 years ago 
These celebrations 
We know what’s gonna be on Chuck’s 
Ohh, you are playing with 
blobs are fun
Those moves 
This is such a smart play 
The Raiders honored 98-year-old Pearl Harbor survivor Mickey Ganitch before today's game & he was ready to get after a QB 
This needs to go viral 
So freaking funny 
Ayyeeee momma we made it!
addresses his "Comrades" 
Can't help but feel identitarians are devoid of brain power. Is irony of using that salutation lost on them?
Wisconsin scores and then the turf falls apart. 
This is the best video I have ever seen 
Who's monkey is this? 
THIS JUST GETS BETTER & BETTER 
If you're doing a bit of reading this weekend, check out this book 
Meanwhile, our very own 
This is what has happened after leaving the skeleton for 2 hours 
Thanks for a lovely night, Include me Too club! Great audience and what a good dance off 
Some people lie for a living.
My daughters and their daughters have to hear this story.
WTH? 
It was a madness last year! The ibo woman in me was unleashed 

We’re doing just fine over here actually.
 Kwezi is too fly for me. I think 
Throwback to when Messi and Godín were perfectly synchronised 
Rio Ferdinand's new training regime...  
Stop what you're doing, the best football clip you'll see today is here... 
We’re so excited about our SOLD OUT launch on Thursday 
When Spinning is Life! 
The face you pull when your winning 3-0 
Stanley is blissfully unaware of the Dennis Wise “very small man” jokes. However I just lolled when he called Iain a “very tall man” 
That’s how my Dad spells it 
I'm not happy about sharing Andrew. Good news, Russia knows nothing... Romania.. lets see what you're doing... 
What do you think of this 'zoo'.....
Would you pay £1.68 to visit?

Who wore it better? Bow Tie Ben or Herend's Bow Tie Duck? 
“He is currently unemployed.” 
Bet the camera crew were so glad they got up at the crack of dawn to get all the action! 
Apparently prince Harry wants to be my friend on Facebook! 
 that reminds me of you! Oh my god 
This is me. And that is special effects makeup for 
Well, at least they're honest 
My weight problem 
All I can do is laugh at this 
Note to self/future 
Lol he nailed it 
This is genius. 
  stay on your feet
Didn’t want to be the one to show this 
Kyrie Irving on First Take 
 is getting first year students to assemble and programme their own arduinos! They should do an SMD only variant for extra credit 
Guess who interrupted my interview with 
Mom got it all on camera! 
I think it's safe to say that the ducks will never try to rob this kitty again!  
He decided to think outside of the box when doing the weather report and we couldn't be happier! 
Thank you so much to lovely staff who let me sign. Apologies for basically crying over one of your booksellers! 
My mum: “are you wearing hair extensions?” 

Clearly been neglecting her daughter since 2014. 


One legged lover 
I love Sheila 
I think Stanley enjoyed the trial too much to actually realise he was supposed to be counting flags 
"And Becky gave him one of her smouldering looks" - Stanley Johnson 
I am absolutely done. Second in the table, but first for fancy dress and Christmas do efforts. 
I’m 9 followers away from 2,000. I swear all I do is chat politics and rave about Cardiff City and Welsh international football. 
Arsenal are contenders for pinball. Nothing else. 
Also, he can’t pronounce “fior de latte” either the smug prick 
Check the salty City fans in the comments 
Dead 
 true story lol I always want Mexican 
So true 
Ahh Mexico... 
Yes! This had to happen! 
First day of rehearsals and 
Incredible footage of Olly Murs heroically escaping 
Are you ready to win tickets to the Jack & The Beanstalk? OH YES YOU ARE! 
 to my last day at the Aldwych with 
My mum just found this. I wrote it aged 6, I was trying to pass it off as a poem I had written 
Does anyone else remember when a lesson on global warming was watching The Day After Tomorrow? 
Our annual writing session 
The guys at 
Did Kylo Ren ask you to steal that X Wing? 
Here goes...
Come Countdown 2 Xmas with me! 
Here's a nice 
Ice and Icicle at Woods Farm have come up with an ingenious plan to stay warm this winter 
People will share any picture of someone in a suit and label it as “successful”, for all we know they could be estate agents 
That's our Friday night finished off nicely. Better book a taxi 
How’d 
There are good FT distractions.. then there is "Goodnight Moon" 
Location scouting done for our upcoming short horror "An echo in the dark". All we need now are actors 
Always stay ready for the camera 
 there are no benefits, and it will be the poorest that will be hit the most, but 
Pitch had the entire audience do a silent conga to the bar because there was another show on next door 
Kids say the funniest things:  "Daddy, shall we google who Santa Clauses Daddy is." 
Last 2 seconds are gold!! 

“Kevin stop it!” 
Casually flicking through Instagram and 
And here I thought that "free education" was for the concussions, all that revenue generated, and a walking with a permanent limp before you're old enough to legally drink. "Free education" 
Afternoon rain showers in CO?! Say it ain't so 
 unlucky lad 
Thats the problem with indian weddings all over. A little bit OTT. 
Go back to using the community halls and your chacha tayas friend for the photography. 
Odd recordings got some decent photoshop skills 
just realised I will have to take my Christmas presents with me on tour the whole weekend because I'll go straight to my family from the airport on the 24th of december 
The best line of 2016 has to be "Good god Bridget, you're immense!" 
Asked my four year old godson what I needed to do to find the man of my dreams. He said "give him and yogurt and tell him to go away" 
Hi guys,

SOOOOO 
We start to kick our enemies face outta here 
Working on the Mildenhall build for 
We love receiving sketches! It’s an in between of ‘not quite there’ and ‘at least you’ve started,’ all types of fun 
A good friend would reply 
Love the fact the 
-sad but extremely inspirational. most importantly fabulously sociological
Was my favourite bit 
Just watched the Big Welsh Children in Need show and they didn't cut out the "Charlie Sheen" bit!! 
We went all the way to Cardiff to see 
ignore the stuffy nose 
Crazy , mad fun with the team last night . Some were hiding 
Every round 
Hopefully a few shouts of Keeeegan!!! 
Getting expensive this afternoon just sitting in music room. Ordered Xmas gifts (only a minority for self 
Doing a bit of Peter crouch at the start there 
GENIUS advent Calendar 
Our very first interview in Arabic...! Native speakers, don't laugh 
Also.. This guy running 
