BIIIIIIIIIIIIITTCCCHHHHHH 
BITCHHHHHHH
Pink was amzng  . people present  there in   knew BTS was on
Beautiful ANTI Queen! 
I love this. Iconic artist supporting younger artist! This is why Cher is a fkn legend! 
CHECK OUT THIS LINK 
And also dis flop queen won more than +250 awards & broke all sorts of records throughout her career 
 this show was 
This is maybe the BEST EVER ROUND TO LEAD INTO OVERTIME! 
Amazing 
Fifth Harmony bb aaaaaaaaaaaah 
This is such an amazing clip and so informative! Also going off topic the guy in the vid is 
YEAAAAAHH!!, MORE HOUR MORE BOUNCE
I’m over the moon tooooo! 
Damnnnnnnnn 
this is against the law for you to be looking this 
All the best Mason, we're behind you! 
This is maybe the BEST EVER ROUND TO LEAD INTO OVERTIME! 
You have not failed your wardrobe. That shirt is 
 i’am joining you wow what a beautiful mclaren it’s so lit wow amazing
You know when he releases everything lol ?? I can’t wait 
It’s gonna be 
In a subtle way, you've made 
Yes my mood right now!!!

IG:Hotdog1986
IG:DnB_Rock2
SC:HotDogD-7
Twitter:HD848606
Facebook: Kelly Kelly 
Reddit:HD0428
Tumblr:HotDoghotdamhd
Anchor:HotDog 
Live.me:HD
The School of Art & Design at New York State College of Ceramics features an irregular screen of terracotta tubes, which wraps around and transforms the facade into a work of sculpture.

Fired Up: 5 Textured Buildings With Terracotta Screens: 
 These are my fav Top 10 HOA tracks of last week! 
Only hours away until 
When 
Mic Drop (Remix) is coming 
Keyshia Cole caught a whole entire vibe on this song 
L.A FORUM! 
Photo shoot was 
WOAAAAH
6ix9ine x Dj SpinKing TONIGHT @ “LUST” BK 


NOW WE ARE TALKING BIG EVENTS
Get the title track off 
It is the fourth time that 
The 50 greatest songs of all time from the Real Slim Shady 
The Homie 
I Thought my N%a 
I fucks Witt Young Boy 
More Visuals 
I swear it's not fun & games 
 that Sinatra 3 is Gonna be 
 never fails me!! 
 you always got some 
This new "Sinatra 2.5" tho 
 info 
 has been the most slept on for years. That new mixtape is 
"I'm like a turtle in the race, got enough squares to put your circle into shape" Slick motherfucka this shit different
This 
 Elsie's Emergency Excitement: Volume 30
EVERY ROUND IS PURE FIRE
This is it! It's ALL come down to this! 
Once again 
That new 
New hoodie hype! Which color do you prefer? 
 is getting 
Tried something different today with my writing/rap style. Rough draft but i'm really liking how this sounds.

The grind never ends 
Felt so good playing with my own pc jeez.. I'll go sort some stuff IRL and have a few hours of sleep. I'll see you guys later tonight so i can fix my sleeping schelude
----

Highlight of tonight 
WHATS UP FAM 
Music is 
[CSGO] 
x25 Squad
Intense discussion on the 
A sweet sweet 4K by 
ALL UR FAVES ARE ON 
The "Love So Soft" 
Album is absolute 
Strollers of Fire 
This week’s VIP Blackjack Tournament is on 
Had a super fun chat with 
Important points raised in this 
EVERYDAY! 
 everyday a winsday
Everyday a WinsDay! 
Undefeated since Winsday dropped 
Everyday a WINSDAY 
DROPPIN SOME HEAT FOR WINTER 
The defense is on 
Six iconic artists explore the power of the erotic 
This is 
 your Instagram at the moment is actually on fire! Looking amazing lovely lady! 
 Flashing Lights by Kanye West 
This ep 
 by 
shoutout to Lazy Weekends for remixing i miss you 
Can’t stop bumping the new 
Let’s Get Soul-Naked. Leaving Pretence and Inhibitions Scattered Like Clothing On The Floor 
You know what time it is. We're giving away 
We wondered why the camp fire never goes out during a torrential downpour 
My mom is just incred 
Vote for 
Obviously 
CONGRATS 
I’m just gonna leave this 
right here 
About to read the Black Eyed Peas' new Graphic Novel 'Master of The Sun: The Zombie Chronicles'! It's lit 
Right on! Congrats! 
Aw dude. Thanks Ryan 
Nice meeting you Sam. Great jacket. 
Thanks to Raphael, Nicole, Leia and everyone at 
You and Cirra are a pair of sweethearts. A pleasure to meet you both! 
So much fun! Great meeting you General. Tell your parents they are cool AF. 
NEXT: After a MASSIVE performance in 
Both are my past, present and future. However, feet to the 
Tonight’s episode is 
All the 
They may be covered in donut crumbs but 
MOST FIRE PICS EVER!!! 
FEELIN’ THAT 
ESKETIT 
Fantastic job 
 So glad you loved. 
A Cha Cha/ Tango Fusion that’s hot to touch! 
"This is all part of the general hysteria which seems to be developing around Brexit" says Dominic Grieve MP

"I do sometimes think that some of my colleagues have become unhinged actually..."

Un deseo que nunca se apaga...

Boys are on fire 
International break is over, 
This London restaurant 
INGRID GOES WEST nominated for two Spirit Awards: Best First Time Screenplay and Best First Time Feature. Congrats 
Keeping warm today! 
Stunning views at Lytham St Annes last night 
No other people I’d rather be kick ass with 
WE BE GOING OLD SKOOL IN AN HOUR
Myth Busting Mondays TODAY!
The official 
 And that's a wrap! 
 has been serving up 
A lite 56 tho 
It’s official! The 47th annual Canadian Western Agribition begins w/ the ceremonial burning of the brand 
Sioux Falls is literally 
It only takes one ride to get that fire 
Thanks for an unforgettable evening 
ICYMI last Thursday - 
Buckeye Walls finished just in time for the Dream 19 weekend 
Head coach 
We on 
Last 3 games of 
 is giving me all the life right now! If it ain’t you it’ll be the other guy—and we all know how well that’s going for us. 
Like it spicy? Pepper glazed turkey meatball are 
 casually scrolling the my new mix on Apple Music and painless by Fozzy appears. Now I’m a huge Chris Jericho fan, but I’ve never listened to your music. Safe to say that I may have found my new favourite band 
What’s the priceeee 
These 
Merch looking sharp 
Bucs rookie O.J. Howard has been putting in work this season 
NFL​ custom cleats were especially 
This Slurpee Lite is straight 
When you look this good sippin' a 
Part of our Rd Atl crew had a great time across the street yesterday, thank you Lanier RacePlex
Fast karts along with an awesome track configuration! Check out a few of their heat times 
Legends ‘16 alum 
“Dirty Sexy Money" by 
 with our friends at SpeedKore Performance Group and their CARBON DEMON! Highlight of the day here at 
German engineering, Japanese flare 
Livery looks 
 was once again, so good last night at 
Crowd going bonkers to 
See you soon people 
what a weekend 
Are you ready for the 2017 
Shout out to 
Ayyyy Congrats
Massive track alert!! 
Pure 
Let's do this this
What are you doing Nov 28? We have one more ticket left for our Practical Advice For Getting Into Tech workshop! Grab it while it's 
WE CAUGHT A BODY ON THIS ONE!! 

Looking forward to playing tonight! 
Getting ready for Blazing squad tonight in the 
This Ones Going Off!!! Myself & 
It's gonna be 
We bring the Worlds Biggest Boat Party to Amsterdam
Yes yes!! 
We've had a Adidas drop on our Asos site! Check it out 
Party Ready 
Plenty of cute knits live on our asos store 
 Ralph heat new in on our asosmarketplace store 
Big tune once again bro, killing it
Thank you for your great contribution to 
this new 
Monday Motivation 
Shout out to all the 100 day club members 
Zlatan's first shot after coming back: an acrobatic effort 
Coming to check u out 
The next 3 headliners for our secret warehouse rave in Birmingham have been announced! Joining us are 
SPECIAL EVENT 

This man is on 
Breakbeat and Bass music fans! 
 Takeover Orlando this Friday with 
Too much fire, oiiiiii 
This tune is 
What a banger 
Brand new Westside Track of The Week, hear it all week on 
Deep Green x Big Watch - Gritty [Music Video] 
Drake had heat.. was a collection of songs.. some heat tho!

Brockhampton had some 
  straight 
This shit is 
Greatness Sunday
iTunes 来た
Man like Joshua Smashing it! 
ICYMI: Our 
video of the year 
The always brilliant 
TONIGHT! INFERNO! 
Let’s get it
I’ll be playing my first show in SPAIN this weekend 
so excited to see 
Chaz French is too dope
Newcastle this Friday with 
What. A. Lineup. 
Dappy - Straight Facts, every time I listen to this I appreciate just how amazing it is, pure class 
Heavyweight session with 
Didn't know how much I needed the 
 JUST ANNOUNCED: 
All class! Should add 
Stretch Lincolns from 
Arrived today! Class album! 
Show
Every week I listen to 
Listening to deadbeats radio 18 again cause of the 
New lp out now from Notts finest 
Recording flames for the new 
 THE NEW TUNE IS UP  
Bobby C was on FIRE on this week's 
Today's show was absolute 
On the OPEN MIC: Bobby C, 
Timo 
Madders Tiff - Underdog (Produced by 
Thanks for voting me 
 16th December 2017 
E. Mak - Yo Remix (Official Video) ft. Big Zeeks, Stylo G, Frisco, TE dness 
The new 
Last Night was 
 Signeersessie met Davinia 
Serious levels inna 
MATCHDAY !! 
Matchday: Portugal - Belgium! 
 Training 
69' Goaaaaaaaaaaaal ! 10-0 
It's the 
Warm up with red hot savings 
He’s roaring with power and fighting our battles... ‘we sing it like we believe it now let’s go into the world like we believe it’ 


Use promo code HORNETS95 to get 50% off 
 Starts the Final Pilot - One year to prove that solar power can be turned into heat 
Bloody chuffed to be 4 on the list of 100 ultimate 
Last night was a dream onstage with 
METROPOLIS TONIGHT BABYYYY 
WE NEED YOUR HELP! 
Please head over to Facebook and vote for us to win the 
see you at 
thank YOU 
Strap yourselves in! 
I just love 
I've had such a great time working with the Sephora Short Hills cast. I've made some pretty great friends. However, I'm excited to announce that I will be joining the Sephora Garden State Plaza cast starting tomorrow! Come book those CMs and shop with me! 
Stage time for tonight Newcastle 9:15PM 
Doors - 7PM
DYKEENIES - 8PM
THE LAFONTAINES - 9:15PM

Dear World: You know what? You ARE amazing. I’m thinking about all the times you reached out to someone who needed a boost and I feel thankful. You know we’re gonna turn that up to 11 on Monday for 
The Victoria's Secret after party looks might've been sexier than the actual show 
Styling Your Bomber with a touch of Silver 
Let's turn up the heat a little, shall we?! 
W O O D 
French toast with smoked streaky bacon at 
The consistently amazing 
Nice one 
Historic day as we welcome our new recruits to the service for the 1st module of their diverse community safety course! Good luck 
A hearty serving of our 
Are you making the most of our 
THROWING A PARTY TO CELEBRATE FINDERS KEEPERS. LONDON. TOMORROW NIGHT. 18+. @ ME IF YOU AND A MATE WANNA COME 
Levels 
20 MILLION STREAMS ARE YOU SERIOUS 
Mayor of London on 
A little over 10 weeks until implementation of the 
One of the best finishers in the game 
 We have a bonfire, ladies and gentlemen!!! 
Player Rewards! 
Three HUGE Legends at 11 on the way for you 
Excellent piece in 
Made sleeping a way more easier 
UPCOMING EVENTS
This weekend guys! Get wrapped up!
Drake - God's Plan (Extended Snippet) 
These pants....
Book of Ephesians 
These early sunsets are showing off alreadyyyy!! 
Light him up 
 gets you fired up today! Strengthen your willpower muscle to reach your goals. 
So excited about having two 
Female VC firepower! 
I change the car like the kids change semesters 
ONLY 45 DAYS UNTIL THE RED ROCKS PREVIEW!!! Get your season tix now, while you still can! 801-587-9894 
VOLLEYBALL TONIGHT || #17 Utah vs. Arizona 
THE REAL 
 also the bus ride is free, you get a free T-shirt, and attendance school hours for riding the bus
Uniform combo for the first road game of the season. 
Whipped up some Chicken Katsu w/ Mac Salad, white rice & some homemade Katsu sauce! 
They’re at it again 
He's a baaaad man 
"Done went to Africa, talked to the have-nots.
Donated some uniforms, teach 'em how to have Guap"


Meet the blacks 2!! This movie is going to be 
Get ready for my man 
Catch me 
FIX YO FACE 
My guy 
Hit the link.. skip to 14mins See what 
 How We Livin 
Virginia's TrapGod™ at it again! 
Yoo 
Okay cuz 
 IN THE PIT OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO 
COME DRANK WIT ME TONIGHT! 
Go pre-save 
Mahone is killing it 
 yalls dance moves were

11.01 
See u tonight 
Hey im Riding in Miami jamming to 
 Ayeee 
Repeat 
Marvelous day// 
 X Marvelous day
Fuckin w this 
CAR TALK 
Its a lunch kinda ting..
Vibes for the day 
Happy birthday, Adam Driver 
 know thyself bbz 
y'all we can't wait to see 
The handover is official! 
Everything that you need to know about my journey. Tomorrow 
3
We collaborated with LIFE CLUB to create these dreamy new embroidery patches for you all!! 
Day 1 on set was 
Upcoming winter tour dates 
THE TIME HAS COME. December 30th we are supporting 
Just 3 weeks tomorrow until the 
U13-U16 High Performance Camp with Rio Olympian, Mark Gleghorne, and 
Monday in Tinley Park 
FANTASTIC High Performance Camp today at Nottingham Hockey Centre!! Looking forward to more fun tomorrow!! 
Seeing these skills on the regular is our honour, Jack. 
Because I am the number one panna player in the U.K.- if you want skillful players then look no further 
We have four 2:12 marathoners on the team...let That sink in 
 These are the latest tools to get your 
sorry we were just driving around listening to my unreleased music 
 students find us today at the student centre with 
See Our New Website, We Gave It a 
Failures can teach you more than successes. We’re proud to be sponsoring tonight’s 
Heat things up
New Music - 
Gift what's COZY. 
Dave Chappelle. The new stand-up special. New Year’s Eve. 
UEFA’s Ultimate Team Of The Year 
TONIDE TONIDE! CATCH US SHELLING ON 
We made it on to this bad boy again, hope we fueled some kind of heated moment 
Styled by 
thanks for the love, antwerp! playing 
I can’t tell you how good it feels to go back to work. So many new songs next year...
So excited to be back on the road with 
A week today, 
Get to 
This replay shows how difficult this chance really was. World class finish from Mané 
Mad game! Back with a bang
*ON SALE NOW* 
*ON-SALE NOW* 
Saturday night vibes 
Fiery Fridays 
Droppin a cornucopia of unreleased remixes on Wednesday 
 In The Pit 
 Fire It Up at Firepit 
 ight Jefe we ready for the new music, go head and bring the 
 take me away 
 Take Me Away is straight 
This shit go! 
YO TWITTER !!!!!!!! RT/Fav 

if you want me to drop dis 
Have you heard my 4M remix already?! 
Our friend 
 FINALLY REACH!!! It's
"Ain't Like Us" 
I get paid for every thought, like a fucking wishing well 
Shoutouts to 
Our lovely BTC lantern kits are on sale now from The Royal Pavilion shop! 
ICYMI: Congrats to LMNS concertina player + 
FT: Sevilla 3-3 Liverpool 
I appreciate I'm biased but today's 
2.0 
Can't wait for the next couple days! Playing 
Did you know that the Wednesday before Thanksgiving is statistically the most lit club night in the country? 
Autumn and outside fires... bliss 
We are very excited for this Friday too. So is 
IT'S 
Into the 
The Interclubs this weekend is going to be 
 Profiles from participants in 
With all the 
HELLO HOUSTON! 
If you missed the final episode of 
Aw yeah. Thanks so much for including us as one of the hottest startups in NYC, 
We're still dreaming about the cocktails and pastries 
MAJOR GOALS 
Loungin with 
Snap. Crackle. Pop. 
Massive retreat from Tory govt after repeated 
It may be pouring down outside, but boy is it getting HOT HOT HOT inside SEXPO Melbourne 2017! 
I got a prerelease copy and it is 
SUPER SATURDAY
Friday is my birthday show 
WE ARE READY
Massive big healthy ass shout out to 
LA's hottest fashion house just got hotter. 
Can't wait for 
Ne? it makes sense now.. I finally agree that I'm heavenly sent
15mins to 
Rihanna is so successful. All that at 29? What a life 
Love Me In The Dark 
I lost count of how many times I've been listening to Thawula by 
Price lists for 3 bundles , per bundles and closures . Make us your hair plug , we got you covered with great hair at affordable prices 
Please DM us your proof of payment  with your names , cellphone number and delivery option. Thank you ladies 
Dm me names and surname with or without payment by Thursday ladies . I'll sort you out with beautiful bundles for this Summer 
Don't forget about our festive specials which ends 15 December ladies 
Noma's "Moving On" is such a lovely jaaaam! 
10 more days! 
We're so happy to announce that 
Reggae Segue Coming up with 
waaaaaaaaaaah 
We have the Kings of the weekend 
Dopest line up 
The ever so 
Nokwazi shaking the dance floor 
Groom & they guys
On To The Next One 
Go g'edem..
Deep house 
Mfr souls ft prince kaybee- flavour 
 
It’s going to be a real musical experience with 
I know its 
 Makoti 
Np> 
Yooo!!! This tune 
Birds In The Trap Sing McKnight.
DopeRated on 
The Turntable Beast begins his very first club tour this Friday along with 
New Waves
FireWorks
Suprise! suprise! Surprise! 

I'm dropping a song for the street, and i've gat the king of the  street on dis one 
Baddest
this album is ridiculously 
Bro 
There's
Np - This year 
Spanking Fresh 
 ft 
Some nights just call for a whiskey! Enjoying this 
Wondaboy!!!!! Ur song that is on air is madddddd!!!!!
I just made one the maddest beat everrrrrrrrr!!!!!!!! 
 with the fire 
the weekend was Litt 
our weekends are Legend_Dary!!
our nights are legendary
Np - The plug;  
I mean you don't wanna  miss 
masked gorilla on TVs now 
 - Fargin 
She got everything 

They are killing it
fucking heat 
 (BE MY WIFE) let do it for a brother
Happy birthday to music producer 
   Wo cover Issa 
Purchase & stream now via -> 
Morning motivation,we dey jam to 
 Repping 
My queen... 
History 
Ebuka’s tailor is fire 
New Music Titled “AVAILABLE” Out Now 
This is Dope 
 w|

Happy womb escape OBO 
Video shoot in a bit! Can't wait for 
Thank you Enugu 
Naija dey 
Kids on 
This is a banger
That's What I mean! 
 
I don't care 

042 Cathedral shutdown is today 
Still loving the vibes 
Retweeted Inspiration FM 100.5 (
  you be killer abeg! 
I hope am going to be the first to listen to 
Another one 
Really dope 
New Heat 
New song ft one of the Best 
Let’s get it on the countdown RT pls for UJU By 
C'mon by Akin watch now.

Run the place 
COOL WEEKEND VIBES ONLY
New joint from the one and only 
Just after 
KEEP CALM; 
Koustee – Excuse (Prod. By GinnyBoi) 
Tv show turn concert 
One Song = Jidenna x MB x Quavo x Sark! 
I swear big homie 
FLAMMME
MacLaren’s, The Drunken Clam, Moe's, Cheers, Tobe Nwigwe. What do these things have in common? BARS!!! 
Tell sway I got so many answers i can probably bubble in a whole scantron 
Houston.....we have another 1 
If you are an Upcoming artists or A-list Artists, send your songs to this what's up Number +2348145422064 for an Free Airplay
Indeed and even the one that wrote the song is SICK!!!
 Dropping soon 
Go cop this asap chun and keep grinding 
 24th of November 
So LIT 
Album out now. 
Yes oh, it's gonna be lit with 
Bad man Pheelz! Original bad man! 
If this new song money by 
Money by Adekunle Gold is a masterpiece honestly. 
OLINGO by 
OLINGO  issa jam
Step On The Floor With Me 
My personality is geared towards that of leadership and achievement. 
Straight 
VAN-JOE PHOTOGRAPHER
PHOTO WORKIN
WE RUN IT EMPIRE 

vibes at 
TRIBEKA TONIGHT! 
Pull Up n Wreck 
Go off den 
Jhené brought 
Luv u bro 
That shit 
 hot new single from the stables of rare gem 
New music KILLAH by 
All passengers aboard, hop on the train ride to your next destination 
"I stay fresh like I jst coup'd me some new shoes"
...Tune in to PowerFM RIGHT NOW!! 91.3fm 
Let 
 - Legend (Intro) to hear that hard ass drop and then Blind Sight 
This shit fye 
 Kopala got dat 
This extra lit 
Always answering those 
Dope wknd shooting at the 
Nah cuz this deserves a grammy 
Stream “TAX” NOW! on Tidal & other music outlets 
....Mami nga kungumfwisha Jealous na new catch pa last ukaba e'hule. 
#410 TS x BT - CR4SHERS (Music Video) 
Look at my chunkies slaying 
3 days till Black Friday. Need cash? Capitec clients can withdraw cash from other banks ATM's for less than their own clients
Black Friday is coming. Skip the mall & queues. Register your card for online shopping on the app
And then there was FIIIIIRE!!!! 
 new joint
This Gentleman from Cameroon carved out a cooler using a Bamboo! This is so amazing! Let us make him famous, Retweet and Like ..Thanks 
The BIGGEST and BADDEST in the game 
For the night! 
AnotherBANGER
Check out this cover by that guy 
Been bumpin that FDM4 heavy at the gym 
I remember x 
CURVE THURSDAYS
 oxford with my 
Everyone of the homie 
 hottest mix out right now 
Remember, remember there’s one place for a pre/post 
shoutouts to 
 takeaway: The world is smaller than you think, your creative power is bigger than you think, and the only limit to what you can create in your lifetime is what you allow yourself to believe 
"Believe that whatever you're making is incredible." - 
Yay, Tuesday just got lit! 
Cheers to all who made the Woodstock Winter Beer Fest possible! It was properly epic 
Loving the 
The same citrus-y SoulCycle scent you know and love... with a new look. Bring the scent of SOUL home with you here: 
Don't miss the 
Woo it's a frosty one! We've got the fires on for you 
Oh yeah, it's finally time to get the log burners on! Come on in and get 
Bend the knee & realize that “Chaos Isn't a Pit”, it's lit 
Cory from "Cory in The House" on Disney channel freestyling 
 tunedddd in now
 Jheeez, just tuned in to Radio 1xtra, love the new tune Guvna 
 new song about to drop. 
If you’re not using 
Click click BOOM! 
Some heat coming from 
Due to high demand: limited edition single day tickets available starting today! Combi still available 
Time flies when you're having fun! Only 4 more weeks until the best 3 days and nights this November 
There are less than 300 tickets to go until they sell out 
Listening to this whilst writing some blog posts 
Legit, the line up of the year. Gonna be an INSANE night. Be there 
The Glory Development Centre 7-8 age group were on 
Whatever 
What a great vibe in the gym this morning. Every Saturday morning 10am. What a place. 
Hopefully next time I bump into 
Y’all go get that new 
FIA FIA BURN DEM 
The MAYOR OF LAGOS 
Haha We made a classic!! 
Kylian Mbappe across all competitions for Monaco this season:

28 starts
26 goals
11 assists

Involved in a goal once every 68.8 minutes. 
Help him out !!!  
| All aboard the show-boat 
Ace on Match Point "Episode 3"
A pieCE of cake for 
Had no idea I was that good at karaoke... was on 
Luke Shuey with an over from the sideline!! Wow 
Wingard with a beauty 
Is Conor McManus human? 
Thanks to John Gray 
The comeback is ON 
Great win by 
Fun times with a solid crew! 
My brothers latest video!!
Parcour Part 2!!
-UCCU Crosstown Clash 
Kinda' can't stop obsessing over the 
Clear your schedule for Wednesday night! The basketball home opener is gonna be 
Supermodel 
How to set the runway on fire 
We have a vintage jacket sale over on our 
Our limited edition collab with LA Dodgers is still available exclusively here: 
When the fire warden says three times that they can't find the problem you go! 
Have you heard 
 Availabke directly from 
While we're young - jhene aiko .... 
I Promise Y’all Are Gonna Dance Yall Miinds Off When This Album Drop 
"You're looking dusty - time for you to ventilate!" 
This year's poster is 
Russ killed it 
Moments to Midnight is now live! These bodysuit options are 
Brackets are updated! We will see everyone on Friday for an exciting day of Basketball! 
High School football ended way earlier than I expected. Memories will live forever. Thanks to Calabasas and Chaminade coaches for pushing me to do my best, grind evrery practice and game. Thanks to all the supportive family, friends and teammates. Time to begin a new journey
Stickered up. 
First career start for Chris Godwin and he did not disappoint 
 is everywhere. 
Stratford Flag Runners have been busy tonight! Spartans have spirit!
Kid Cudi's next album will be "strictly" produced by Kanye West 
The Rams’ audibles for Jared Goff are 
Thankful to receive an offer from Liberty University! 
Senior mid season highlight! Check it out. 
[New Interview] 
[Up Next] 
 got some 
New flavor added to the family. Olive & White It's Lit 
I Was 
What happens when you get a bunch of 
KILLED IT
BEST STUDENT SECTION EVER
Got a peek at the new line dropping Monday from 
Thousand Oaks helmets. 
We love our fans in Houston
S/O to my guy 
VIDEO DROPPING MONDAY
Do Not Disturb 
New uniforms are 
Masked Uncle Drew 
We’re ecstatic to announce our 2018 signees! Welcome to the Flames Family! 
SEMI-FINAL
I must of not been paying attention to who was in 
60 percent of the human body is water, the other 40 percent can be fabulous 
Coming in HOT 
Check out the new Aero Burner Composite bat. Super cool look but amazing performance.
Who ya got? 
New album dropping in Tucson is straight 
 Who ya got? Round 
Find the 
Congrats on the big win tonight, y’all balled out!
Warriors unveil 2017 championship rings 
Thinking out Loud 
Fight the Fuck On
that whole outfit is on point 
BLACK FRIDAY SPECIAL
Rodney Pryor scored a team-high 19 points last night, making 13-16 FT attempts in the 4th quarter alone! 
Timeout with 2:44 remaining in the half. Skyforce trail the Vipers 51-45. McCree leads with 12 pts, Mitchell follows with 10! 
Kris Jenkins notched his career-high 16 points last night, including 4 three-pointers in the 4th quarter 
Red Clay Kei 
Even after six months, the winning entry of this custom A2000 1787 is still 
FLAGSTAFF - We can't wait to see y'all at The Orpheum Theater​ for the the 
FLAGSTAFF, AZ - We can't wait to see y'all at The 
GREENSBORO, NC - It's 
GREENSBORO, NC - It's almost 
We're having a blast on the 
JACKSONVILLE, FL - We can't wait to see y'all TODAY for the 
Looking 
  ACTION cures impostor syndrome 
The 2017-18 
100 knee pounds.
100 ankle pounds.
50 inside outs.
50 side-to-sides.
0:59 seconds.


 here at the 
O N  T O U R 
It's a wrap!
Our brunchers - the best in the World !
Thank you Rodney P, Swiss, Blàk Twang, Dj's Viraj, Lewis Player, Policy & Fricktion 
6 games to go tonight at 
Bears win it 5-3 against USC extending their win streak to 11 
Obsessing over 
EXCITING NEWS COMING SOON!!! 
Several 
Fire department being dispatched at 
whats the 
The Walls Group new Album 
Mask off! The Furykaze by 
When your outfit is looking lit AF 
Teuvo Teravainen was on 
Check out Junior Season Highlights 
DJ 
I hope Vegas is ready! I'm bringing the heat TOMORROW at 
Latest from San Diego...take a look 
What happens in the studio 
It is going down with @ktjmusic1 Saturday.
TOMORROW night - 
Mexico City! 
Try it before it's gone!

The new Chipotle Chicken Sandwich from 
ENJOY YOUR WEEKEND WITH 
New Season. New Gear 
SUPA HOT FIRE IS BACKK 
Shout out to the 
Come hang with me this weekend at the Bayfront Park Promenade for 
 
Check out 
A lil something, something from our boy 
Dec 7th 
If y’all wanna come get lit with me for my birthday come to 
Music makers/mixers/DJs 
Lamb Chops on the 
Pepperoni and Jalapeño Pizza on the 
Meat and potatoes kind of night 
Just updated my Spotify playlist with new heat from 
back with the boys 
Next week, on Wednesday 11/22, We are getting down with 
 Oi! 
Do you get fired up for shows at The Canyon?! TAG US. 
will be here when you are gone.
friday 
nov 10 with 
nov 10 x 2 
My buddy 
Starting to heat up 
BRAND NEW VIDEO ‘SKRAPZ FT. CHIP - HIGH SPEC’ OUT NOW!!! 
 season coming soon don't sleep on him trust me 
Go support the new 
 Cleptomaniacs / Soulfuric don 
Rock your team with this new 
Nate has been 
DJ Kieron J back with us this Saturday 
Back at platform Shrewsbury tonight! 
The way certain people look at me like while I’m stood in the store DJing... It’s 2017, the party never stops!
I even get the shopping centres poppin’ 
Ole mate 
For all of you watching Grizzlies/Rockets from home tonight...
The Funk Hunters x Leo Napier = 
Back at it tonight with 
My remix of No Love by @volac_official coming soon.... 
Our womenswear launch party this Sunday at 
had to include two 
We are ready for 
“THE FEVER” with my brothers 
Thanks for having me guys! 
SEATTLE! 

I’ll be at Showbox Sodo with my boys 
 all the way from nelspruit lekazi 2 
Simnandi on 
 feat. 
Carlos Francisco returns to MoBlack Records with "Quasar" a killer track sets to make some 
Trending Vol 3 
Neither can we 
some 
Excited for another 
 1 Of The Best DJ’s In The Uk PERIOD!!! He Smashed 
When the tables have nearly SOLD OUT in 1week
 killing it 
E
V
E
R
Y
T
A
B
L
E
SOLD OUT 
Loved last night 
The dance floor at 
 hola buddy
Gonna be a madness 
 thank the lord for o2 priority, this is going to be a madness
Bad Boy tune doing bits !!!!! 


Another table SOLD for Friday 1st Dec  
@DJ_MIDI playing 
The album about nothing is 
"Riot Shield" by 
THEY WENT IN AGAIN 
Derek Barnett is just heating up 
Jacquees, 24 hrs, Khalid, 6Lack etc .. where my R&B at? Should I upload this nu 
 the show is 
Blessed to receive my first offer from Liberty University 
NPA Darius Garland is a proud member of the "Point God Crew" led by super trainer Jamal Richardson. Watch out for him and more elite pgs 
Damn! 
Monday evening and I’ve just realised how positive I’ve been all day. Good day at work, good PT session, good motivational chat with friends so all in all a good day! 
New week fresh start .. HOT TUBES 
The place
UK Grime/HipHop scene got some 
THAT NEW NEW 
When 16 tables are SOLD OUT and the tickets are SOLD OUT for tonight 
Thanks for coming in! 
So many people out 
Good Morning , Check Out the Brand New 
 is not here to play 
I'm a bit late, but the 
BRAND NEW EDIT: 
Hear our remix of 
Shiva EP is out now on 
Awesome 
1st Maximum 
Whose bringing the HEAT? We are!! Sweet Heat 
fire 
Head over to our SoundCloud page & grab your weekend playlist, inc 
Just wow 
Leeds crew...

This Saturday we head north to 
THE MOTIVE RETURNS with @mason__maynard on the 6th of January 2018, Bringing the best Techno & House vibes to The Source...

Check the latest release from @mason__maynard, track is called Puffy 
Yooo! SO i've been so busy that I didn't realise 
Throwback to when 
Fresh House Friday playlist from 
If you're in the UK, catch 
We're happy to announce...


Fresh 'Cola' 'Chilled Mixes' just dropped today! 
LOADS of 
So much amazing music out there at the moment... 
Was great to meet 
 new tune "The Issue" unbelievable lads 
Here's your sneak peek at Most Rated 2018 thanks to 
 NEW COMPILATION: Kitsuné Afterwork, Vol. 1 
The Scottish crowds are magical. Edinburgh tickets nearly all gone, it’s gonna be a wild night 
T R E N C H E S
.
. THIS WAS A BLASTO | FIRST NIGHT OF OUR 
AMPED to play alongside 
Today’s session 
The reggae edition today on 
 last week's Mass Choir was 
Not trying to brag but 
We need more of these covers please 
There's nothing 
Nyash shaking riddims 
This track 
2 weeks until 
Let's Get This Into The TOP 10 Today!


This is going to be 
today's 
 THIS IS NOT A DRILL! 
Our Signature Sunday night at 
Heading in to the weekend like 
Let’s get it!!! 
If you're wondering if 
 Cosa Nostra Kidd - Position [Prod. By Mondo] 
Trapping & Rapping nigga what’s your purpose!! 
 dropped sum mo shit for da streets 
“ Gotta get in a better position ”- 
All I been listening to is that YDD 
Shit it 
Vocals 
Lit asf last night 
We caught up with Kehlani at the 
Keep warm this winter! 
Crews on the scene at a barn fire near Bourne 
CAN'T. RETWEET. THIS. ENOUGH. 
Fire Call and Standby to 
Excellent video about the dangers of Carbon Monoxide Poisoning. Please get your gas appliances checked by a competent engineer.
RDS 03/17 Operational awareness day. Simulation of real incidents, in preparation for life on the run as a Retained Firefighter. 
NFRS Incident Command Level 1 development course. Delegates are refreshing their knowledge on completing an ARA, with our XVR simulator. 
Initial Incident Command day 1. Realistic scenarios for new IC's. 1st day of NFRS new IIC course, mix of practical and XVR simulation. 
First successful 
RDS 03/17 busy weekend. From Fundraising for the chiefs challenge to simulation of operational incidents to underpinning theory. 
RDS 3/17 Trainees BA week 1. Underpinning session on BAECO. Practical exercise on BA procedures. Very steep learning curve. Good effort. #
RDS 02/17 final practice drill before pass out. Congratulations to all 12 Trainees for all their hard work and commitment. Good luck.
For more information about working for Nottinghamshire Fire & Rescue Service, please follow the link. #
24 HOUR GIVEAWAY: Retweet for your chance to WIN a month's supply of THERMOBLAZE®
Stay fire safe this Thanksgiving with these helpful tips from the 
Buzzing for reading tomorrow 
EDMONTON! Are you READY?! 
HUGE thank you to Steph Nieuwenhuys for spinning our single 'Glowing' last night on 
 killing it on 
15 hours from home and this song doesn't release to radio untill tomorrow but South Dakota is still singing back!!! I love you guys 
Yea I'm a 90s baby 
Pumped for 
Chart Farm rib-eyes & Chimichurri on the UK grass fed beef 
 2-1 
Hanging around with 
Joining me and 
Got some pork in the smoker. If you’re near The Swan this evening pop in for some BBQ
Wood in, Charcoal out
Loading up 
So much more room for outdoor activities 
Ok so yes,me and the very hot 
Shades of Grey • 
Show us your 
roasting that marshmallow fluff on the s'mores cheesecake on a stick // 
I found some sizzle on set. 
 Hot collab alert! 
GOD
We stole King George from 
TFW you go to record a new 
The weather may be changing but we’re still keeping things hot at 
My Peach Cobbler drink Mix is 
Live @islandjambanquethall island Jam Saturday’s 
Live islandjambanquethall island Jam Saturday’s 
Tonite Island Jam Saturday’s @islandjambanquethall Wilmington vibes 
Next week wdnsdy Night 
bat + gom ... sittin on some
Bless up yuh self 
Only hours away until 
Peyton Manning in the 2004 
Another day, another 
Barcelona​ were unstoppable in the 2015 final 
 MATCHDAY!!!

MY MAN 
OKAY 
We caught up with Kehlani at the 
BURNING MAN MUSIC VIDEO!! 
 yo i fucks with burning man 
And it'd be nice of 
Living for 
TONIGHT
Fire and Ice clash in Dortmund 
"Done went to Africa, talked to the have-nots.
Donated some uniforms, teach 'em how to have Guap"


We’re giving you a 
I need a 
I'm a bit late, but the 
 - take a look behind the scenes of the 
Brow Stylist Plumper + Total Cover Foundation = 
When in doubt, check the top 25 restaurant list: 
TONIGHT on 
Don't miss this season's hottest releases. 
UP NEXT 
Sriracha Pretzel Nuggets + 
MY MAN! This brother right here is a superstar...!!!!
Looking good, boys! 
About yesterday...
Alone in the water, looking the sunset, what a feeling !
Blackout x PrimeTime= 
Been waiting to ride this board for a minute 
My cousin 
That pit stop by the four two 
After sickness and surgeries left 
Watch out for 
 in the D is goin' to be 
The battle is on 
Congrats Dame! 
BIG shouts out to the homie Rob Bingham over at 
A little 
Oh man, Kyrie is feeling it! 
Arena is 
Red-hot 
Showing off their new colors! Cheer on 
Got a peek at the new line dropping Monday from 
2-0 vs 
GAME DAY. Playing FaZe in a bo5 for the trophy today, make sure to tune in!

2-1 vs SK-Gaming. One more to go! Lets do this
SEMIS 
16-11 vs 
A HUGE THANK YOU !@GhostGaming_GG blessed my setup , its lit you guys are the best

 NEW VIDEO! 
LIVE 
California was 
Welcome to the redesigned 
Next week is going to be 
They may be covered in donut crumbs but 
MOST FIRE PICS EVER!!! 
All the Seahawks players & the Titans stayed in the locker room during the national anthem! Now they walk on field linking arms!
Today is THE day 
Are you guys ready ? 
TROUBLE 
Are you with me? 


Kyle Kuzma: Still 
.@ashton_gohil owned the 
Annie Waits will screen before Daphne on 8/11 - 
Check Out Ghostface Killers 
MOTORSPORT OUT NOW
Check It Out 
 Our 
Genet. I love you. The Balcony opens tomorrow. Step into the brothel 
 Hot off the press: “Gut-directed hypnotherapy, friendship, and sexuality: all 
Remember, remember... 
 has written a firecracker 
What a game to be apart of last night. Absolutely gutted in the end but the boys put in a proud and gutsy effort. The atmosphere was on another level
The new four-track EP from Dublin-based electronic duo 
Dr K will be returning to 
 is on 
Alright you lot, we're closing out the Flying Machine Cafe on Sunday night, 10PM - 4AM, in the Body & Soul Area 
NEW YAEJI OUT NOW 
We hope you enjoyed Creature. If you missed it skip to 1:38:00 for the exclusive. Out Thursday! Fanx 
The mighty 
OUR STATE OF THE ART LUXURA LAY DOWN SUNBED HAS JUST BEEN RE-TUBED!
Much love to one our favs 
When you want the night to last forever 
So happy that 
Three more professional chefs have become MasterChef quarter-finalists...
Another sneak peek of the latest 
Doing 
Reignite that flame you once had inside you. 
Aye 
“Yet I am confident I will see the Lord’s goodness while I am here in the land of the living.” Psalms 27:13 // I want to encourage you Family! You will see your miracle! You will see your breakthrough! You will see God come through on your behalf! Stand firm on His promises! 
This jacket Martin got on.. MY NIGGA
Think you're hot stuff? 
Yes 
Last night was A LOT of fun, thanks for coming down and joining us 
As the Dubai weather cools 


The 11:FS Team got their $100,000 session with 
We're at the 
 Miracle of Pizjuan-Bul

Confidence on his debut from 
Adidas have released their latest Predators and they are 
Brother 
There's no stopping this man at the moment 
Great day for the boys 
Buzzing for the boy 
LADIES OF FIERCE 
Great win from the boys tonight, in a ledge atmosphere! Buzzing for 
Barca are too much 
Unreal performance from Wales! 
congrats mate! 
 Most league goals in 2017 (top 4 tiers; inc. P/Os):
87
 | Check out this piece of absolute filth from 
A bit of 
I'm 3years late but the medicine Scheme The Dragonball z bars The Festival scheme on 
During 
Get your tickets to the show! It's gonna be mad 
Love 
 that track with 
 2016/17 Goals Compilation 
Man like 
 Most L1 wins by 3+ goals (17/18):
5
Man the Tokyo Dome show is selling out the fastest it has in 20 years. Wrestle Kingdom 12 is gonna be 
I buzz off dembele he is so good. Just glides past players 
Congrats to Crown’s 
Expect a new feature on 
Kickass Women, Vol. 1 is available now on Spotify and iTunes!

Featuring themes from 
“Tajiri heat” being added to the Los Guerrero’s theme lyrics while Eddie and Tajiri were tag champs was the peak of 2003. 
Tomorrow! 
Many lit fire emojis
The Michigan secondary 
Straight ballers 
FLAMES UP. 
Great job coach 
LS FUCKING U 
That freshman lit
NYC Pull Up 11/2 
Nov 3rd Queens 
Double fire emojis required for 
Ben Simmons
Fuelled up 
24/7 is your hustle! It's so dope to be a part of the 
That first 
Mmm hmm precisely why I so appreciate your work 
I still remember my last game in Folsom Field! It's a special and emotional day for our seniors! Let's send these seniors out with the right way by packing Folsom! The Buffalo Heart winner will also be announced Saturday! 
Red Raider Nation doing the Haka and Tomahawk!
We're still on 
My man 
Ben Simmons gets asked about being an all star.. cuts off and says: “I wanna win a ring... more than one” 
whats the 
Yo it’s truly become a routine to go on my lunch break and watch the latest show of  ‘Everyday Struggle’ . Amazinggg
this new 
Last day of honeymoon. Took the 1.5 hour ride to 
If you bleed 
Had to rep south London real quick at the 
 to 
 This moment though...
Meet the blacks 2!! This movie is going to be 
Get ready for my man 
New Smokepurpp produced by Ronny J 
Obviously 
I got a prerelease copy and it is 
  still fye my g 
Only 10 days left to get 
NEXT: After a MASSIVE performance in 
OXNARD 
She Wanna Get It in 
 Bennettsville SC 
Saturday Classic
ENOUGH TALKING! JUST WORK!
Classic 
Saturday Classic 
SAN ANTONIO TX 
Footage from 
Update: Each piece was 
walked in onna 
It’s going down TONIGHT!!!!   My boys, 
With Papi and  Dan Le Batard danlebatard 
I pass out in every single club no matter what. I deserve an award for getting too lit and never having hangovers
Thank you, 
Now those are three hot dogs. 
Nice 
Our top 
NEW FEATURE
This London restaurant 
NEW EPISODE THIS THURSDAY  .....After your all STUFFED and WAKE UP from your THANKSGIVING food… 
 is my new obsession! What's not to love... These are some of the best writers, always a great storyline. Keeps you on the edge of your seat. The action, the actors are top notch and have great chemistry! Not to mention how hot 
Hexagonian 
Enter NOW for a chance to win an exclusive pregame meet and greet with us presented by 
Enter NOW for a chance to win an exclusive pregame meet and greet with 
Our 2018 
You bet! My thoughts are it was quite emotional for me. I was able to really dissect and uncover why I act the way I do and able to work on your chapter suggestions to work on taking the certain mask off. So far it’s been working and making s huge difference in my life. 
The 2018 
All my favorite music right now. Check out what I’m listening to on 
 to this 
I love you gabsssss 
It's time for the best chefs of the week to meet their competition. 
Settle in for the afternoon 
Save 20% on gift vouchers! 
Fireplace goals 
Beautiful lift and tint by beautybyallieb! 
Perfect. Enjoy the rest of your evening and week, Ceri 
Save 20%! 
A grand snap of the Hilyard by Insta's katherinewildman (
Crewe comforts. Snap up a £100 monetary gift voucher for just £80. Offer redeemable Jan/Feb 2018! 
Hooray! Great pics 
The best way to start the day. 
BANG! That's how you bounce back.. Different class to a man.. Helped by our unbelievable fans! 
Retweet if you're grilling your turkey over charcoal this year! Be sure to check out our best tips before you fire it up! 
We reviewed some new 
Keep making your own 
Check out the making of the All Falls Down music video: 
What a crazy experience
Wow, 
This is actually decent! You got yourself a regular listener my guy 
Can't wait for our next UK headline shows. Coming to a town near you in Feb. 
Why don't you have your ticket yet! This show is 
 LOW TIX WARNING! 
Don't sleep on this one 
Oh man, they did not disappoint. This album is 
Tonight! 
I the Mighty with Hail the Sun, Good Tiger, and more at the Foundry 
evergreen jam ...wofe Dami duro ooooo ,then don't know 
 30% OFF ON ALL ITEMS UNTIL MONDAY 
 and wizkid baby hot is 
Belly Squad x Section Boyz - Sun Goes Down 
Another one 
*THE* Friday night soundtrack from 
. Tomorrow Night. Join us for a massive night of new music with .
I don’t look it but I’m actually buzzing my tits off.... session time with 
LISTEN BACK TO THAT NEW NEW 
Making my way to 
if you need new music to listen to, check out 
Interesting times in Zimbabwe, is it a case of out of the frying pan and into the fire 
Day 1- Hell of a Hill! 
What. A. Night. 
What an epic day! 
Her latest work on our Instagram is 
When the whole squad is looking 
 8 fights, 8 finishes 
 "I am the new fighting pride of Liverpool." 
The classic Mexican squash medley
Our grass-fed tri-trip is exactly as it sounds. Delicious! 
Massive retreat from Tory govt after repeated 
Saturday, me + 
The weekend is going to be. 
Donington by night! 
How did 
Public Service announcement  
- This Ones Going Off!@BossmanBirdie & 
My brother’s 
This Ones Going Off!!! Myself & 
Stay locked into 
The new lounge in the Farmhouse 
My latest single 
Looking forward to hearing 
Cosy evenings by the fire 
Looks like 
Let's go 
The big man 
When you and the crew are 
The lack of women leaders is a national emergency. 
London bound tomorrow to cook with 
H A W K // Massive lines again for 
Great week at 
About last night 
Oh yea. Neil and I bring the 
 "Take back control" was half right. The mistake? It should have been from London, not Brussels. 
Hanging around with 
Joining me and 
Got some pork in the smoker. If you’re near The Swan this evening pop in for some BBQ
Wood in, Charcoal out
Only just rubbing our eyes and waking up and see this from 
Another picture of a jet of fire 
Looking good Huw (even though we say so ourselves!) 
'Love Me Tender' 
Grand soft Irish summer day for little fire project with 
A few notes from 
It's all gravy... until it's not! Hit up our hotline from now through Thursday. We're here to answer all your Qs. 
Check out our new 
Grateful for the millions of women who’ve stepped up this year to raise more hell. 
VIDEO: 
Racism is the only thing he's Fantastic 4(fantastic for), cause that's how he gets his rock off, he's orange. Sheesh 
 Don't forget to register on the Asper Career Portal before sep 30 to automatically enter the prize draw 
The Suburbs!! Blast from the past by the amazing 
Tonight @ 02 Shepherds Bush Empire went offffffff 
 And that's a wrap! 
It’s Bonfires day! Listen here 
Remember, remember the 5th November...because our video for Bonfires is out 
Finished off a 4-game homestand today with a 4th win! 
From learning how to control fire 
B
This article, so much more than a review, is white-hot 
Today's lineup at 
Silky mitts ...
Pre-order these 
The wait is over, these 
Ok, this is just getting ridiculous.
Hinostroza in the shootout, again! 
It’s official! The 47th annual Canadian Western Agribition begins w/ the ceremonial burning of the brand 
Great work this year, whole team
Winner of the 
Well the boys found another thing to do! Awhh! 
 was on 
Women's basketball look to stay perfect, men's volleyball head to Fleming in search of sixth straight win 
‘Gamberi alla griglia’ Prawns in their Shell, cooked  on the chargrill 
The weather may be cooling down but @atlas_atlanta has the perfect cocktails to warm you up! 
Today we’ve been enjoying this new little book by 
Six iconic artists explore the power of the erotic 
Things are 
Help him out !!!  
New music from 
Brand new 
Day 2 at the 
Judge me. 
 Interviewed ya mans
Just re-discovered Talk by 
Mid-Monday snack
I don't always do 
This pic is 
December 16th - Hamilton, ON. 


[WHO WON?] KOTD: Rap Battle- 
Word, that gotta be 
This shit fire 
Steak remains so so 
On my third watch gentleman. Good fuck SHIT! 
Ebuka’s tailor is fire 
Back to winning ways! Had to dig deep towards the end but it was all worth it! Fans were immense 
This next 
Check out this remix I did for my bro 
ya boi here back with a new 1 hour mix of all the house bangerz and techno beatz 
Filming RAISING THE BAR 6 tmrw w 
"I'll kill this in a sec, but I never settle for second" DO NOT SLEEP ON DREADS
Said this many times your killing it bruv soon blow 
The Jam with 
Yooo! The new episode of Qulinez Radio Show is now online! 
Qulinez Radio Show - 03 is OUT NOW! 
Follow our 
Releasing our new track 'Moving Pieces' tomorrow! 
 s/o DNA and K-Shine for the 2on2 rap battle . URLtv & QOTR 
Good Morning Y’all 
Yesterday’s Work In The Studio 
Have bullets spitting outta tee (tea) like ain't no sugar in this shit- 
TeeWhy vs 
Dealers and robbers x MoStack x J Hus 
 bro Brooklyn fucking with you. Let's works
New single 
So much amazing music out there at the moment... 
Last night was 
Very excited to make my debut at 
When the squad is back together 
New NWX Music 

K shine x 
"So Far So Good"
Lit times @ armada invites sessions today. Thanks for letting us throw down ! ! 
Next Friday is gunna be naughty 
13TH MAY 
this little kid just did the best A - Z / 1-10 challenge omg snsksksk 
Woaaaaaaaah! 
Defected at MOS was 
 some UKG vibes in here!
Showcasing two hot talents on 
Absolutely mega free download from 
Buy Buy Buy! 
You need 
We're taking over at 
Friday 8th December we've got 
i think we owe meek an apology 
Not long until we have the finest RnB, Hip Hop, Garage & beyond from 
We bring the Worlds Biggest Boat Party to Amsterdam
Listen to the full EP on 
DATE FOR YOUR DIARY

Feb 17th - Manchester Arena

Groves v Eubank Jr 
Our resident 
“DJ is a fraud. He needs to man up and fight me”

Hear our conversation with 
Peep that new 
Feb 24th 
This is gonna be 
Congrats to the 
Man of the moment 
Epic scenes from ABODE at 
We are buzzing to announce that we have added a SOLARDO sessions tent to ABODE in the park festival 
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% off SITE WIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
Our newest single “Destruction” with 
Actually this whole 
DB2 on 
“Light It” with 
Our new single “Light It” with 
HYPE 
25 Years of Ram 
Testing out my new live rig for the first time at 
Today's jam 
Throwback what a mix, Gucci Mane B2B Boards of Canada flames 
The second drop on 
Lovely to be part of our brother 
Fav producers right now 
 you fucking ripped 
THE COUNTDOWN IS ON ! 
and 
Ps I hope your all runing out to go get the new hollow one ep on 
Featuring new music from 
Guys check out our 
Updated our REAL SHIT. Spotify playlist.

w/ 
Stream & download 
The wait is over......

The right kind of vibe for your Wednesday 
 - Forever!! The whole ep is amazing. This. Is. How. You. Make. Deep. Tech. House!!! Coming soon on 
Banger out now on 
Tunee
You never disappoint. Love the new track, bringing the weekend in right! 
One for the DJ sets this weekend, get it locked and loaded from 
Here it comes 
Friday vibes with the homies 
Don't forget, my EP 'In Techno We Trust' is available now on Beatport! 
My EP drops in 3 days!!! Here's a short clip of my track 'Mammut' with some feedback I've received!! 
Just hit 1 million streams on Spotify on 'Vessel' 
Can't get enough of 'Right Now' by 
Got that Friday feeling listening to 
Who else is ready for this
 Cleptomaniacs / Soulfuric don 

fire enough for yall
Shoutout to 
My SQUAD GOALS Summer Tour is on 
tune is straight 
New track out on my label 
Karrusel festival was INSANE 
One of my favorite tunes rn. 
Somebody get this guy a mint 
Mondays are for Makeovers!  I teamed up with 
day 2 was 
here's to FEELIN GOOD all the time 
 We’ve added ‘around.away’ to our playlist 
•About last night, when the night were burning•
A big welcome to 
The love I got for the 
Kid Cudi's next album will be "strictly" produced by Kanye West 
 What FIRE track do you want 
Bring back that MIAMI HEAT!!! 
1Million!!!!!
Happy to finally release the Remixes EP of my last single with my boys 
 New remix out for my boi 
 out now! 
25 years ago today we released FIRE! , Our 4th single ... woooo ...happy fukin birthday to us ..
Check new vid from 
YOUR SONGS SOUND LiKE iNTROS TO ROBO COP 7 
 w/ 
Only the good vibes up in here! 
This collab!!!
Um, Chrissy Teigen just got the COOLEST new bangs 
Just checked out my brother 
I'm back on 
YES! 
Who's excited for this one?? 
Twerksgiving on WEDNESDAY (11/22) with 
To be honest this 
 you were by far the best set there this year 
Orlando will be fire 
Looking forward to  
 y’all I just listened to the EDC set.....
As you wished :) Uploaded our set from 
  straight 
By far one of my ADE highlights was when 
What a blast this was! Check out what went down at 
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% SITEWIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
Video recap of the madness at 
The lazers this weekend at 
45 and counting. Kyrie SHOW OUT GAME 
Yeaaa tone!!! 
7:55 1H | TCU 35 - Omaha 14
TCU still 
Thank you E-Zoo, the pikachu will live on! 
Retweeted Native Instruments (
 Get to know the music of 
The Internet was 
Philly tonight the 
We are ready for 2018, BRING IT ON! 
November 22nd Thanksgiving Eve 
TODAY!!!!!
THIS Saturday November 18th 2017 
 EUROPE GET READY!! 
WE DEF GIVING BACK 
TONIGHT FROM 12-2AM POWER 105.1 WITH 
Tonight come rock with 
TONIGHT  Harlem will never be the same 8pm-2am "The Harlem Renaissance" begins  
"Lifted" out now on 
YO! Check em' out...

 is the #1 Friday party in NYC 
CMC$ & CADE - Thinkin’ Bout Myself 
Just refreshed my Spotify playlist with some new 
Make sure y'all check out this new 
Them boys put in work yesterday! 
 was so sick !!! 
“Otw” x DJ Luke Nasty still 
 we gone drop that Chaz record this Wednesday!! 
 shots at me 
Free hot chocolate outside the Lair!! Compliments of 
NEW SHOW!! 
Amsterdam last week at RAI was crazy! 
I can’t even 
 the real rockstar
Okay guys check this new record with my bro 
TONIGHT IN PHILLY 
‘Purple Evenings Mixtape’ my jam for the rest of the year
This new 
We at it agaaaain! 
Cooked some 
Listen to NELL X RELL - THINK FAST Prod. By WILLY D by N3_LL 
 is a beast
It's not a trap! 
 FUNK CANNON
       America Tour
      (THE MOVIE)
        OUT NOW! 
Dark Divine is officially out! Available to purchase now on 
So much love for Baltimore, such an amazing time tonight, we’ll see you next year! 
BALTIMORE! We’re at Soundstage tonight, doors at 7:00 & we play at 8:50, come hangout! 
Sold out show in Toronto tonight - if you were able to get a ticket, we’ll see ya there! 
Detroit tonight 
Tonight!
Fit For a King & In Hearts Wake with like Moths to Flames and more at Park Street Saloon 
Come check out the local boys 
A massive thank you to everyone who purchased & streamed Dark Divine 
Seeing 
"I DONT FEEL BAD ABOUT IT" 

Whatever Your Passionate About is your Ticket to Wealth!! ...Philly was 
S.o 
Back on the East Coast of 
NEW 
 Chicago! Live band set 11/25 post 
NECTAR DROPPING some NEW FIRE
My best friends in 
Embers is 
Happy Bonfire Night! 
in the studio w the legend 
Just a week to go till the show at 
This Sunday 
Tag a
00:00 - 01:00 GMT


THANK YOU EDC ORLANDO !! 
Some footage from last night from 
S/O everyone who attended 
This weekend will be, as the kids say, lit. 
Are you making the most of our 
Come get wasted for under $10 with 
WIN A CHANCE TO HAVE A YEAR OF FREE SHOWS! 
tearsheet from the current issue of 
sizzling hot b-roll 
Atlanta, you smart, you loyal, we appreciate you coming out last night to the 


Be sure to check out Kirby Smart All-Access this fall.
XPLOSIVE, XTRAORDINARY, XTREME.. 
IT'S LIT 
WOK - A$AP ROCKY // CAMP FLOG  GNAW 
Team spirit 
thanks 
 your show in farnborough was good doe boom
If you love them as much as I do you know what to do!! 
THEY’RE HERE !!!!!! MAJOR EXCITEMENT LEVELS !!!!! 
What sounds better for a new segment on my show airing my new track of the week ?


 Heard A Man Say - Don E 


When it’s all kicking off tomorrow 
12:00 - 14:00


When LIFE dictates how the TING GOES... this happens 
"When Things Go Wrong, Its Not What You Have That Matter's But What You Have Left" 


Your boys back with the hottest lunchtime show right now 
HERITAGE: 
New Styling Work with 
 ayyyyy sickkkk!!! live 
 NOW RIGHT NOW!!! 
Oiiiiii mans made it onto the 
Love Friday mix is sounding sickkkk 
Check out me and 
Gonna be a Mazza 
HUGE thank you to Steph Nieuwenhuys for spinning our single 'Glowing' last night on 
 killing it on 
Faaakin el 
yassss it’s 
TOMORROW NIGHT - We’re dabbin’ out  with 
Mo Stack + 2018 + 
Tonight it's all about 
Man like Joshua Smashing it! 
Your favourite is back in stock
backless babe
Looking fierce ladies 
Such a great day with 
We loved 
New freestyle: ‘Give N Go’ 
Just announced: 
I appreciate the homie 
It was 
I forgot how good that sound system is in fabric rm1 - amazing
Madji’k "In & Out Of Love" out NOW! This Track is FIRE 
 thank u
Tn 
Petition to get 
 CROP HOT 
Check out these 
 I can’t wait to hear the new 
Really need to get to work but can't stop raving to the new Special request album 
When you test a mixdown in the car and it's straight 
Glad that 
 FIRST OF MANY. 
I honestly think Philly on some shit 
The ABC tour is 
 then 
Salute to my brother 
My main boi 
 Here's one hot 11-month 
Hey there, check out our new account! Give 
When your 
Just like fire, burning up the way, if I can light the world of up for just one day 
"Every child is someone's child you affi mind what you do, coz karma's gonna bring that drama back on you" 
Remember, remember the 5th of November... Happy Bonfire Night from everybody here at Cornerstone. 
Soooooooo excited for our pre-
Wrapped our final 
¡Ay dios! 
Out today! 
Kim and the Love Crew are at Aldershot’s Manor Park for the 
Spring Tour dates around the UK plus London Xmas show Dec 14th tickets now available! Get 'em while we're hot!! 
Almost at 4 Million views 
EDMONTON! Are you READY?! 
NEXT WEEK 
NEW SPECIAL EDITION 
Amazing performance from the team against the big ManU. 
London pals, if you're at a loose end tonight, go see 
We've been recording some 
If this is any sign of what's to come, we aren't ready!! 
Finally recovered from Sunday night, 
On the fly, had a great time shout out to 
Last night, 
Just another day at the office 
Indi Cowie has more skills than you ever will... 
What’s more cozy than fire, whisky and bbq? Snuggle up tonight our Buffalo House pop up 
This guy is on 
Student poet Donald Val 
| All aboard the show-boat 
You know the tee gifts are 
Show
Pretty comfortable scoring set up here at 
 "dark knight" is 
nice to get 90 minutes tonight great display from the team // & thanks to all the fans for the support 
"Ugly God, where you been at?" 
"What you been working on?"
"You better come back with some fire."

RT for this right now. 
My brothers latest video!!
Parcour Part 2!!
 JUST ANNOUNCED: 
BLAKEYSE the Album is 
We've got the sauce. No ketchup, just sauce. HOT sauce.

Our Wild Bunch 8pk is FULL of hot sauces from around the world - perfect for setting your tastebuds on fire! 
"In place of the existing rules... the FCC would 'simply require Internet service providers to be transparent about their practices.'"

From strong oversight to the honor system. 

DEMAND THE FCC MAINTAIN 
Tonight was 
30 minutes to go 
repost via @divvypic from 
In 5 days !!! 
Ain't no Party like A PAPI Party !! 
If NOLA brings it like BMORE, Saturday is about to be 
AYYYYYOOOO SQUAAAAD IT’S ABOUT TO BE LIT UP IN THE POP UP brooo... Exclusive merch..... Photo Ops.... Exclusive experiences.... EXCLUSIVE EXCLUSIVENESS.... Me and the fammmm Team 10
I’m good with a great 
Rajon Rondo threw an alley-oop off his head to Eric Bledsoe at the Kentucky Alumni game. 
Shaq drops a Lavar Ball diss track 
if you're petite (or just like a very short dress), this velvet bardot situation is 
Warm up 
That is ridiculous! Behave, 
JULIUS RANDLE with the MONSTER block! 
This darts final! 
There were some fabulous strikes across the 
 Most league goals in 2017 (not inc. PENS; top 6 tiers):
28
**BIG BREAKING NEWS COMING IN** after lengthy discussions We have managed to agree terms with 
Un deseo que nunca se apaga...

This was super fun. A must-listen for any crossover NBA / 
Last week: 6.0 sacks
This week: TOUCHDOWN!


Bucs rookie O.J. Howard has been putting in work this season 
Jules Bernard always scoring 
Zion Williamson scores 27 in home opener 
Wuhu!! 
 is revolutionizing what it means to be a powerful gay man on television. 


Come and get cosy with us this afternoon
Runners are on fire! 
Burning Hot Deal
Gillingham was on fire tonight 
I ain't have a shoulder to lean on but I gotta soda to pour my lean in ! 
GO SHARE THAT SHIT ME AND 
boi come get this 
this songs literally an ANTHEM 
these new 
BE HONEST !! 
PURPLE WAX TEXAS HITS VOL 1 (TEXAS TO THE WORLD) mix by 
Thanks to everyone at 
Big ups to my man 
Proz Taylor — '1000 Nights In Hell' out now: 
Some of the football we played today was a joke
Epic! Is in the building 
 on a day off! 
Great performance from the lads beating Costa Rica 2-1. Get uppp quarters next 
Car journey to Newcastle is gonnaaaaaa be Gasssed up ...
Great team performance after the international break from all the boys today. Salah on 
On tonight's Total Tekkers we've got Billericay's 
Check out my interview below with 
Bring your purses and wallets out this weekend is about to get 
IGNITE these streets 
Neither can we 
Excited for another 
Spinning tonight 
The Trio are BACK 
That’s how you celebrate a beautifully crafted goal! 
The Magician is Back! 
ITS LIT 
The boys are on fire tonight 
Round 2 
GOAL!!! 33 MINS Jack Beckett 

Announcement on December 1st has got us excited and a little nervous at the same time.

We might even bring it forward, stay tuned!!!

Great win against the Dragons on Friday...the young boys are on 
 yaaaaaassss for the 1st time my favourite wins. Go 
Thanks to @adidasrugby and 
Nice little pick me up from @adidasrugby after a tough start to pre-season. Big thanks to 
She went off...
 After demolishing Real Madrid last night, are 
Made sleeping a way more easier 
Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain: "We're in good form after beating Arsenal 4-0 last week." 
My favourite one 
In today’s edition of the Surrey Ad, my report on Surrey’s convincing win against Manchester last week - featuring a lights out shooting display from 
IRISH CUP CHAMPIONS WHAT YOU AT 
"Tough to stop these boys". 
 players pushing the limits with another heavy game ahead today 5pm V 
 will start 3Weeks of double headers journey today! Tough & only in 
Boys working hard in the 33 degree heat! 
“Not just smouldering… Absolutely scorching.”

“Giovanni’s dancers are as good as any you will see on the television show.”

Just some of the Reviews of Dance Is Life last year and in 2018, 
Heading in to the weekend like 
Ness logs for sale! 
If Lyon NEVER sold their best players XI! 
Young oz 
Good Luck to the Masters 045s and U16s in cup action today 
Today's second work, 
Sunny Sunday dinner is on 
We’ve got the fire lit and the beer on the go!! Cosy up with a beautiful pint of 
What a beautiful winter porter! A staff favourite, watch the envy on our faces as you take a seat by the fire with this warming tipple... 
Holy Jeebus that Morrisons  vindaloo is scorchio 
Afternoon visit to 
The big juicy double dry-hopped double mango lassi IPA everyone's been waiting for 
Fish taco - Hake in beer batter with chipotle slaw. Limited numbers of 
OPEN TOMORROW
 SAVE THE DATE 
Happy Bonfire night! 
 starts today!Big up to the small indies pushing boundaries and publishing what they love 
Here's a peep from last night's 
A few weeks ago 
Interesting! 
Come on down to 
Enjoying this new glass from 
What a great vibe in the gym this morning. Every Saturday morning 10am. What a place. 
The replies to this are all hot fire 
Hopefully next time I bump into 
Today I play tech pundit on 
free bottle of beer and free tote bag with every purchase on STUDENT DISCOUNT NIGHT 
LAST NIGHT WAS LIT 
@bmile180 z new movie 'Come Around' iz out tical, link in my profile 
Temps are dropping, but our 8-1 
Follow my brother 
This will get a dad motivated!!!! My son classichosoi landing it before me!!! 
Nothing like smoking blunt slides with my brother in Christ!!! 
Black Hosoi Sky Rockets!!! 
Hope you are all having a blessed Sunday!!! 
That was insane!!! 
Memories!!! 
Tonight is going to be powerful! 
Endless is hyped!!! 
Walk through ancient history!! 
Today’s Finds!!! 
My bonesbrigade shirt from 
Ohana and neck tats!!!
Todays 
Happy Birthday to Indy Team Rider Emmanuel Guzman! 
 PRO BOARDS are HERE! 
It may be cold outside, but it’s 
DROPPIN SOME HEAT FOR WINTER 
TONIGHT!!! DRINKS, MUSIC, DANCE, PIIIIIIIIZZZZAA, and KEEN ONE rickyssobe , ITS GONNA BE LIT 
Terminal Tip: Use curly brackets to speed up the creation of multiple files with similar names:
Looks from the 
Shades of Grey • 
Show us your 
Tomorrow is the day! The 
Lighthouse 2.5.0 is out! 
 is here! 
This Kickstarter is on fire for a very good reason. 
CliffsNotes from Day 1 
 by 
TBT to that time we visited 
Crew
: We are honored to have been named one of Boston's 50 on Fire in Technology! Congratulations to the other winners. 
Association jerseys
Look fly and dry in our official 
 welcome React Native Firebase to Open Collective! 
 The -h flag is often short for "human readable" for things like memory/disk space amounts.

Try:

df -h [disk space usage]
free -mh [ram usage]
du -h [current directory size]
Launched something 
If you haven't taken the time to learn about Angular Elements, I highly suggest you find 5 minutes to read this preso by 
 Since :before and :after are first class CSS Grid items, this “lines on either side” design can easily be accomplished in ~10 lines of CSS
New version of 
Check out our latest ep. 'Signature Research', ft. the genius of 
 We'll be at 
The success of 
 In Emmet,  you can use $@15 to start numbering from any number.
The dojo!! 
Thanks to all the sponsors of the last meetup, the next one will be awesome! Jul 22nd. 
 Lots of places in Laravel that accept callbacks will also accept a dot-notation string.

Perfect when you're just doing something simple and PHP's verbose closures are making you sad 
Oh wow ... this one's 
 Instead of blowing up small, in-app icons for your landing page, try putting a shape behind them and giving them a background color.
, are you ready? 
Developing Real-time Apps with Meteor 
Welcome to be club bro. 
If you are a technical writer:

Take time to read the source.

Again, take some time to read the source.

It will make your articles the single source of truth! 
 Set your colors in 
 Workflow alert! 
Just checking out of 
JavaScript Essentials you should know! RT so that beginner sees this! 
forLoopNewsletter is the new credit bank alert 
 is going to be 
Spent my project time last night making Winamp2-js support skin-defined transparent regions. 
 YESSS. Our official _pure_ closure compiler integration is ready for testers. TESTERD NEEDED
Speaker 2 for 
Thanks to our wonderful friend 
Naija dey 
Ehhyyy Yeba.. Love love this jam by kiss Daniel!
Preview of <link rel="serviceworker"> in Chrome. Installs a Service Worker declaratively in a document 
"I got the sauce...no ketchup...just sauce...raw sauce" 
That Sess X 
  flames only
Am grateful for 
 I dey wait for 
 is Live w/
 All the way up ... feeling the heat already 
Waiting for the hot hot 
Just made one with 
Listen to this amazing song my guy 
Check this tune out. Pure 
2Baba/ Vector/ Raw Live  
Listening to THEY. - Truth Be Told (ye. remix) on 
New Music 

Come watch 
Fire jam 
This is the Akwa Ibom woman's weapon of choice when she makes up her mind that your soul is hers. Trust me, you are helpless under the spell of this 
Follow my boy 
When the tune is so hot the mixer burns 
Lady V 
HOTTTT
When the sister of the groom is 
OH SNAP! 
‘Who’ is LIVE on 
24/11 at Taj Pamodzi Hotel!

Join us as we make Zambian music history! 
 Man’s international now fam
Litness 
Soon coming 
Tomorrow the 
Another Lit 
Alubusu - 
Big birthday shout out to 
A must read by Sportswriter of year 
S/O The Fake "
Lets get lit 
Eyyyy shout out 
Is you ready or nah ?? 
Have you coped our last ep calls 
Don't miss out the chance to win a free beat produced by MAJOR producer, 
Alabama wins - SEC West Champs

Auburn wins - SEC West Champs

The Iron Bowl is gonna be  
Enter NOW for a chance to win an exclusive pregame meet and greet with us presented by 
Enter NOW for a chance to win an exclusive pregame meet and greet with 
The 2018 
Our 2018 
 to the many faces of duraflame. Different looks, same exothermic quality. 
If you watch this video around a fire, you’ll be watching someone watch a fire while also watching a fire. The future is here. #
Best Player In The Country Olaijah Griffin!!! Next Deion Sanders!!! 
What happens when you get a bunch of 
Big weekend ahead 
Jās aka 
Kicked off the holiday season HOMEGATING with 
These Niners Color Rush uni's are straight 
 MY CHAMPION!! 
When 
Epic 
Ciro Immobile has scored 6 goals in his last 6 games for Lazio. 
As the dew turns to frost, bring the heat
L.A FORUM! 
Fire and Ice clash in Dortmund 
The best 10 shots thru the years at the Hong Kong Open...

Disclaimer: No 4 + No 1 = 
performance from past 
 8 fights, 8 finishes 
We challenged Rafa to see how many consecutive putts he could make...

The answer: 27 from 27 
Odyssey is the #1 putter at the WGC-HSBC Champions, a field of the world’s best. And BTW, our boy 
Forget Pirlo. Forget Scholes. Our midfield maestro 
Tag someone with an arm and accuracy!! 
Challenge accepted 
Tony Hicks against Glasgow on Sunday: 
27 points
8 assists
4 rebounds 
4 steals
75% from the field
+/- + 29 
All in 30 minutes 
Brilliant result for the 
In today’s edition of the Surrey Ad, my report on Surrey’s convincing win against Manchester last week - featuring a lights out shooting display from 
Loved doing the in-game tweeting for the 
 says 
Straight 
 Incredible 
Much deserved! 
 Episode 2 is here! 
 this is why we started 
these are up by the way! 
Congrats Dame! 
 LIT 
Our boy @Gods_mvp7 representing on the global 
 | THURSDAY'S AT 
Use the golden rule on 
If you're brave enough, you can even have a shot of melting some metal yourself 
Hottest mixtape of the year dropping soon?!?
It’s a mawdness in our 
It was 
Our latest playlist is here featuring 
I feel like Nicki and Beyoncé are both about to drop that 
Keeping it 
The Arts Resource Team (ART) is on 
MELLO WE SEE YOU
NEW REMIXES
Thanksgiving is about to be LIIIT w/ 
 bumpin BPM with my man Ben Harvey running the show! Always 
thanks for spinnin my song this week 
Despite the cold Philly was on fire last night 
Thank u 
I got that new new for you! My 
Who is Ready For Nov 27 
every time I see 
 was absolutely beautiful tonight 
Trust me when I tell you 
Body - 
 "Don't worry" neatt
They may be covered in donut crumbs but 
MOST FIRE PICS EVER!!! 
OUT NOW!
ATL - 
New Freezer video FINALLY HERE!! 
Always great making memories with 
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% off SITE WIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
 listen to my b2b set with 
 always brings the 
Keeping up with the Joneses at 
THANK YOU EDC ORLANDO !! 
Forget the AMA's my SHAMELESS senses are tingling. 
BANGER ALERT
Stream & download 
Artist to watch! Sister is 
Dorothy what's meaning or how did you come up with album new name 
July 9th is gonna be LIT!
"Take That!" by 
Stoked to visit New Orleans for the first time this weekend! If you’re in the area come watch me and 
Wild make up that actually survived the show! We danced in some 
Let’s 
Missin that 
Bear Grillz Is Just 3 DAYS AWAY!! Come Ready To Rage...This Show Is About To Be 
live painting for 
ITS FINALLY OUT! New one w/ 
Fucking FLAMES 
South Africa is doing bits rn. 
WOK - A$AP ROCKY // CAMP FLOG  GNAW 
EL PASO y'all came in with the sauce... ooo 
, ya'll blew my mind 
ABOUT A WEEK AGO 
Testing new track...  


Eptic b2b nyquil b2b honey tea 
If y’all wanna come get lit with me for my birthday come to 
testin out a new one by the homies 
So... Last night was kinda definitely high key crazy, LA. 
Bro safari is gonna be 
Here's the final clip of our video demonstrating the set-up of the audio-technica System 10 Pro! Thank you 
Here's part 2 of our 3 minute video demonstrating the set-up of the audio-technica System 10 Pro! Thank you 
Here's part 1 of our 3 minute video demonstrating the set-up of the audio-technica System 10 Pro! Thank you 
This Friday I’m releasing merch AND a sample pack. Who’s ready?
afk and the carbinator with the heat
Heart medz coming through the portals of Space Time. We are One. Activation point Arcata Tonight! The Jam at 930. It will be the Jam. 
Bangalore it's an early one today at 
This week las two tour dates. 
Paris on Friday and then Bilbao 
INSANE WEEKEND AT LONDON 

AYE I MADE IT ONTO THIS HALLOWEEN COMPILATION! I'll keep you guys updated on this! I'm SUPER excited! 
Here it comes 
lost my head when this came on last night 
previewed some new music last night 
Great dane and sumthin sumthin
KIKI - ICKY BANGS !  Got the Whole tape on repeat tho   
Damn 18 mins and show is 
Tehbis live 
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% SITEWIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
Video recap of the madness at 
The lazers this weekend at 
This Saturday 11/25 it’s going down in Sacramento! TY Fest is gonna be so lit with 
8 days until TY Fest in Sacramento with 
10 days until TY Fest with 
11 days until TY Fest...got your tickets? 
This Thursday! 
Yo late s/o 2 
Definitely one of my favorite remix!

 brought the heatttt. 
 fuck this shit go hard
C4 + 
I was so hype listening to this set at the gym 
Now at 9:41 and it’s been fire so far. 
 your EDC set was dope af! Straight 
'Stacks' out now on 
MY LIVE SET FROM EDC ORLANDO IS UP ON SOUNDCLOUD NOW!!! 
had a very risky set and it was 
Shout out to all my headbangers! Wow what a show! Seattle/Tacoma was 
 you caused one of the biggest mosh pits I’ve seen in a couple months. you changed the whole mood when your set came on
Great result away from home, much more like us 2nd half! The boy 
 These are my fav Top 10 HOA tracks of last week! 
BIG news 
 NEW MUSIC FRIDAY!
25 years ago today we released FIRE! , Our 4th single ... woooo ...happy fukin birthday to us ..
Check new vid from 
Today feels kind of special to me! It's the first release of my own label inharmony Music!! 

Andrew Rayel - Mass Effect 
new tune is 
Clearwater, Montreal and Denver this week 
LA can't wait to be back this weekend, playing 
Sold out Poland, that was 
merch 10 days 
EDC ORLANDO kineticFIELD 2:56PM 
Been playing this huge tech trancer in my sets over the summer and the reaction has been mental! 
new music very soon 
Our first EDC this Friday, then we are back in Atlantic City, Saturday 
Last night in London was lit 
Weekend mission #1 : Friday in London 
IllumiNaughty 
WAV download is now enabled on SC in case anyone wants to blaze the fire in full quality 
The fifth food group 
Tune in to 
 released Black Sahara 
TRABANCA with JUNIOR is OUT NOW! 
WHAT A NIGHT!! 
Can't wait to play for you guys tomorrow during the 
 What FIRE track do you want 
Bring back that MIAMI HEAT!!! 
With this awesome line-up Spinnin' Sessions at TDME 2017 can't be anything else than LIT 
Still can't believe what an INSANE line-up we had at our incredible Spinnin' Sessions party at ADE 2017 
Joe Stone is bringing the heat in tomorrows guestmix 
Throwback to Spinnin' Sessions at ADE 2017 last week when 
Recorded this song today 
Woohoo! New weapons are about to be cooked
Flying out to Vegas tomorrow for a weekend in the studio with my bro 
This remix man 
Awesome remix, fire up 
A new Contagious Radio is online NOW! 
Damn!! 
Progressive will never die 
Panjab University was on 
hahahaha see you there
Tomorrow it begins! 
 How many new IDs did you play last night at 
I'm on my NY shit.... 
Done! They are so cool
Any gamers in the house? Are you a multiple high score smasher? Come see what you can do on these puppies! 
tix for 
u awake? well then you better cop one of these at midnight 
 HOT release! My brand new remix on In Sessions Recordings (
Speechless....
We are super excited to finally announce our 
Galcher’s Blowing Up The Workshop dropped 4 years ago 
Last night in LA 
My list of the top 5 
FIRE 
 That new track is 
Track is so good guys! Very excited for release and glad to see such good support so quick!! 
What an awesome show that was! What did you guys think??? 

If you love what you heard tonight there's plenty more where that came from when we drop 
Monday updates in my 
Countdown to Saturday has started 
1 DAY LEFT.... ARE YOU READY?
2 days left....
NEW MUSIC, OUT NEXT WEEK!
 Still doing damage in the livesets! 
All the Seahawks players & the Titans stayed in the locker room during the national anthem! Now they walk on field linking arms!
I don’t look it but I’m actually buzzing my tits off.... session time with 
LISTEN BACK TO THAT NEW NEW 
Making my way to 
 Yeah Yeah 
The "Love So Soft" 
damn! 
It's been an incredible 12 months for 
.. 
Tonight @ 02 Shepherds Bush Empire went offffffff 
Last Night Went Off 
no thank you for putting it on & shutting it down !!
He . delivered 
His return was legendary last night! Was good to have you back home 
Higher is out tomorrow ! 


Don't sleep on this one 
ALL UR FAVES ARE ON 
KAT'S BOX:  
 wuz str8 
HOT SHOW ALERT:  11/20 
This tour begins in exactly ONE MONTH!! 
INGRID GOES WEST nominated for two Spirit Awards: Best First Time Screenplay and Best First Time Feature. Congrats 
YO! This 
AYEEEE shout out to 
AHHHH! Can't wait for 
What you mean by 
Dropping some fire on my instagram soon. Stay tuned
She's on fire 
Oak-smoked BBQ'ing from 
Heat up your lunch today w/ our Queso Flameado, cheese casserole with chorizo, served over warm tortillas & prepared right at your table
13 straight wins for the Celtics 
"That TSA line is on 


Use promo code HORNETS95 to get 50% off 
NASHVILLE // FREE SHOW TONIGHT // 8:15pm 
The Bruins are on 
 received five 
"Ugly God, where you been at?" 
"What you been working on?"
"You better come back with some fire."

RT for this right now. 
No other people I’d rather be kick ass with 
Lil bro 
 Hackathon Starter 
 Listen to LIHTZ - IF I RULED THE WORLD by Lihtz 
Don't miss out the chance to win a free beat produced by MAJOR producer, 
Some nights just call for a whiskey! Enjoying this 
Im going 
Congrats man this was 
I told the homie 
Fly Guys 
Always gettin to the bag 
This link contains 
 Fam always Lit 
Yess!!  selenagomez for 
Yess!
Wow! I'm blown away by the 
RnBass Radio is back with another Episode #12 w/ 
 cant wait from japan
True G.O.A.T shit 
  -  GOAT 2.0 Feat. wale
OUT NOW!!! 
Massive thank you to everyone that made it down to our show  
Oh man, Kyrie is feeling it! 
hakim_toast_london 
 Tickets on sale now for 
Tickets go onsale from 1pm today!! 
Ima have some new fire 
Tickets on sale now for 
 GET ONE
I heard 
The Scottish crowds are magical. Edinburgh tickets nearly all gone, it’s gonna be a wild night 
 NEW COMPILATION: Kitsuné Afterwork, Vol. 1 
SECRET SHOW 
Secret show 
Or Blonde And Bitchin......,..,.,,
« What is civilization? It’s a woman free to live as she wants! » SHANTARAM. 
First ever time playing ‘Why Georgia’ -   
 is making his first appearance at 
Didn't know how much I needed the 
Basement show in Fayetteville was 
TONIGHT on 
Calling all my Irish creatures! Don't forget to pick up a ticket for my show at the 
THIS IS NOT A DRILL! 2 lucky winners can take home ALL of the gaming goodies that you’re seeing below worth $5000+ Enter the competition here: 
I was pleasantly surprised by this phone! It’s 
BANGER video coming out tonight.

ft. AVENGERS

  
Well this is exciting!! 

I
Back in Brighton, had to be done. 
All new songs All new set 
The VR stuff here is 
It’s time for me and 
LET’S GO GAME 1/6 IS OURS!!! 
First game goes to Ninjas with the score 16:9 
Dave Chappelle. The new stand-up special. New Year’s Eve. 
2-0 vs 
ASAP Rocky giving a speech at oxford university and freestyles at the end 
M O T O R S P O R T 
DEBUTs AT #14 HOT 100
 remix by the lords 
New Flo Rida Merch OUT NOW 
 is a wrap and it was another successful event! Grats to 
SDot stepped up and then some. 
Shaun Livingston behind-the-back showcase 
 Dollman's feet

Can you match the heat with the feet? 
Baby, it’s cold outside.
Grab your blanket, settle into your giant beanbag and keep cosy in the Snow Kingdom - you’ll never want to leave! 
Come discover & try our new S-DRAK helmet at 
S-DRAK & X-DRAK: 2 new models from 
Preparar las luces que llega 
Backingggg it into the hairpin with style 
How's my 250 sherco looking for erzberg? 
Bike looking 
Tonight’s the night 
 Most Fantasy Football pts.

Spanish Flatbread, with olive oil, goat cheese, roasted red pepper, kalamata olives, caramelized onions, cherry tomatoes, and rosemary. 
That’s P2 for us for tomorrow’s 
  straight 
The ‘Honey Habanero Chicken Sandwich’ exclusively at American Home Cooking 
‘The Po’ Boy’-spiced popcorn shrimp on an organic buttery soft bun with spicy comeback sauce, lettuce and tomato
Popcorn shrimp, chicken and waffles and Stax fries = your fantasy brought to life 
 out now! 
i spent some time figuring out how to play 
If you know me you know I’m ALWAYS supporting 
ready for the dP Championship's second odc ?? 
WE DEF GIVING BACK 
Nov 3rd Queens 
TONIGHT FROM 12-2AM POWER 105.1 WITH 
Tonight come rock with 
 Can’t wait to try the single shot servings 
If you're wondering if 
Make sure y'all check out this new 
 we gone drop that Chaz record this Wednesday!! 
Bill. In an 
Man 
Cincy is bringing the heat to 
 Our 
seriously best party ever 
Season 1 premiere episode is out and it's 
This weekend's OVERTIME is 
I CANT WAIT FOR TOUR !! Come meet me ! Tickets are available now 
Photo shoot today ayeee 
11 goals through 3 games and we'd have to say our offense is still on 
So the squad wanted to celebrate 
Honored to be SI top fashionable athlete in the 
today's 
Is there anything 
Big time players make big time plays. Nuff said. 
Let’s go Tez!!! 
My friends: WYD tomorrow night? Me: 
It’s Litty Again 
Listening to this NEW 
ANNOUNCEMENT 
Good luck to our Fernies!
"Being ready, fire" 
The money spent incinerating waste is money 
 to an inspirational night that was so 
DAILY REMINDER
Please go and support the multi talented songwriter& Artist 
Behind the scenes pics of the last recording for thenexxedupshow 
Views 
 

Full interview with quinnthecomic is now up 
So ready for a spa day, but this weekend has been straight 
Producer extraordinaire Iain Canning 
This weekend 34 
Don't miss out on these offers - save 25% 
The issue of gender came up again... 
bluesky_fiji .. Where it all began .. 
When they seek heat .. 
Excited to be speaking 
ICYMI
The temperature is dropping but the racing is only getting hotter
While we're young - jhene aiko .... 
AWH
A huge well done to everyone who completed their 
Ultimate 
Okay I don't know how many times I have been listening to this song but its a banger 
Luke Evans Posts Steamy Underwear Snap, And Fans Can't Handle It 
Ben Barnes Bares His Butt In Netflix Marvel Series 'The Punisher' (
Pietro Boselli Rocks Skintight White Briefs On Fashion Show Runway 
Great show!!! More on Wednesday! Back at 
Last night, the line up 
Mo's killing the game out here 
Shit it 
 Cosa Nostra Kidd - Position [Prod. By Mondo] 
Trapping & Rapping nigga what’s your purpose!! 
 dropped sum mo shit for da streets 
“ Gotta get in a better position ”- 
Keep thinkin my album is done, then I write some more 
Bout to grab me a onsie 
GIRL YOU HAVE FREAKING BROUGHT TOGETHER DOZENS ON RANDOS IN THE 
Making moves with my boy 
Self-actualization needs - realizing personal potential, self-fulfillment, seeking personal growth and peak experiences. A desire “to become everything one is capable of becoming” 
Rise up!! 
THURSDAYS STEAK DEALS 
SUPER SATURDAYS AT THE BELL
SATURDAYS WITH DJ MARK T ARE 
This cover of 
This outfit is straight 
Big week starts tomorrow 
Man city
Javier & Letty aka 
It’s goin down @ Base Dubai tonight. Dope AF club in the desert, what a great idea. Set time 1:30am
 THIS SONG IS A PROBLEM!!! 
Tickets for our live show at 
You know how it is...
1. Bring on 
Key Clubbers are going to be looking 
Looking forward to this tonight 
We're here warming up your 
Thanks to John Gray 
 is on fire 
‘Gamberi alla griglia’ Prawns in their Shell, cooked  on the chargrill 
Am best cook. Next Gordon Ramsey. 
My my 
Going to be 
DAYYYYYYYM...that double patty cheese melt 
Congrats to our friends at 
Yotpo has officially joined the 
BONFIRE RALLY. TONIGHT AT 7PM. GREEK THEATRE. DOORS OPEN AT 6. SEE YOU THERE.
JULIUS RANDLE with the MONSTER block! 
New Nike singlets 
300 limited edition pairs will be available this weekend at 
I’m so excited to be joining everybody on this new show next year ‘Dance To The Music’ 
We are so excited to announce 'Dance To The Music' a brand new show for January/February 2018.. Not to be missed 
ALEXANDRA BURKE 
New video just released for J. Roddy Walston & The Business' single "The Wanting"! 
  2/9/18 

TRACE PLAY

Never forget 
A big happy birthday to Bash Brother 
"Our bodies aren't battlegrounds for your life lessons." - Kelsey Ford 
THIS DECEMBER I’m playing 
Two beautiful colts bought today with 
Beautifully bred 2yo filly TERMINOLOGY (Star Witness/Taylor’s Command) wins in convincing style in her debut trial. Aiming for 
Singo’s regally bred LONG TIME AGO (Redoute’s Choice/Once Were Wild) adds Black Type to her page taking out the G3 Summoned Stks 
En route to football... Buzzing to be one of the first to sit in the 
Whatever 
Our resident angling guru 
 The domestic torch relay started today!! 

Watch Noa Deane in CANDLE. Now playing at: 
[ICYMI] 
Stop by our North Hills Locker Room Sale and we'll hook you up 
Let's burn the Parc des Princes all together
's music is 
T.G.I.F. 'cause 
It’s crackinggggggggggggggg 
We are pumped to be at 
Great panel about 
Genet. I love you. The Balcony opens tomorrow. Step into the brothel 
Amazing workshop today, thank you 
the show last night was amazing. Loved every minute of it 
Need a poetry fix? The lovely 
GOAL! GOAL! GOAL!

He is absolutely unstoppable right now! Albert Adomah opens the scoring 
We see you, Channing Tatum 
Solange posing in Calvin Klein's iconic logo underwear is everything 
And a great show it was 
One show down, two to go!! 
Tonight's the night, our second showcase at Soho House - 12 actors, 1 stage, a non stop storyline - LET'S GO!!! 
I never, literally never, thought I’d say this, but the new Harry Styles song is 
“Not just smouldering… Absolutely scorching.”

“Giovanni’s dancers are as good as any you will see on the television show.”

Just some of the Reviews of Dance Is Life last year and in 2018, 
Enjoy the show! 
The End of the F***ing World is an effing triumph 
This is actually decent! You got yourself a regular listener my guy 
Bobby C was on FIRE on this week's 
Today's show was absolute 
Working with Sailor Jerry to bring you all the best tattoos and all the best drinks 
So our man Gareth has been nominated for 
We're looking for dedicated people to join our front of house team. Food & drink PASSION required 
Crunchyroll here with the LATEST DEVELOPMENTS on our top story 
Preparing for today's Messy Church about heaven. It's not a place but a person; not a destination but an on-going journey; not then but now
Is wanting our Sunday Schools to grow again for the church's, the leaders' or the children's sake? 
Shouldn't we become disciples together?
Exciting to hear of the growth of Holland's version of Messy Church these last 2 days
Pastor 
Today's the day!! FIRE DANCER in the student village at 5pm today as part of the Energy week blackout!! NOT TO BE MISSED 
Adriana Lima's boots though 
Put a little more 
Our Querciavalle 
Triple digits again?  Let’s go! 
Find me at 
Great connecting with you, kaka 
The Rams’ audibles for Jared Goff are 
How gorgeous does 
I had the great opportunity of being part of the Sketch Hackathon Berlin 2017 organised by 
B-E-A-utiful day for football. Big thanks to our friends 
Anddd on to the most exciting part of 
Meatloaf is taken to a whole new level with 
it's day 1 of the 
Sky on 
16 has the besttttt views 
Today we launched a major update 
Tomorrow is release day! 
The same citrus-y SoulCycle scent you know and love... with a new look. Bring the scent of SOUL home with you here: 
. Available tomorrow at RF19 in NYC.
How about that former 
So looking forward to hosting the Languages track at 
The Great 
It's on 
Tonight the team is Lit!!! Come turn up with us at 
THIS SAT IM COMING HOME
Fitted for the future 
Another episode of 
Our favorite part of every Tuesday night. 
Dance party in the end zone 
BOOM! Another one added to the 
Great job coach 
Ending an unimaginable year of boxing with an 
2017 was 
These 30 under 30 entrepreneurs are disrupting the marketing and advertising industries. 
Today, although a home game, still have to have a great pre-game meal.  Enjoying a stop at Juan del Fuego in Norman, Ok 
Red Clay Kei 
Even after six months, the winning entry of this custom A2000 1787 is still 
MIKE ANDRY IS MR MARSHALL 2017! 
The Jarrod West Game

(1997) Rod Strickland dancing on the defense. 
Everyday we lit! 
Teuvo Teravainen was on 
Pick up the awesome 
All Things Work Together by Lecrae. 
TODAY→The House will vote on the Resilient Federal Forests Act to improve forest management & reduce the risk of catastrophic 
RETWEET to thank the men & women who risk their lives protecting our communities & fighting the growing 
Are you making the most of our 
But everybody knows when im on the move early AM its 
 numbers. 
In case you missed the sunset at 
Coming out to the game this Friday? 

Check out some 
Maggie DeJong with a kill to give the Cards a 10-9 lead in game five against UNC! 
Ayyy back to back babe 
Wrote a script for Mike Reilly.He went rogue&destroyed 
Congratulations goes out to 
We are the champions! Congratulations 
Another try for the Big Green! Scored by Camille Johnson, assisted by the fierce forwards 
HOW BOUT NOW

He’s on 
Maryland’s campus is 
Still not excited for the 2017/18 season? 

Give this 
Warming up! 
back with the boys 
Box break: 
 hats for 2018

SHOP // 
Another 
The 30 for 30 about Baker Mayfield is gonna be 
New batting practice caps for 2018. 
The amazing 
Backstage 
Just got to 
Myself, 
Make sure and listen to 
Brilliant 
Blazing fire and John Doherty 
MASSIVE thanks to our boys 
All hail 
The mighty 
Some more BTS action with 
Touchdown
Fresh SHOW bats on their way to Cincinnati for 
SHOW bats + 
More from the 
Can't wait to use my new 
  smoking in our HOT FIRE smoky eye shadow palette 
Accessories game is 
Friday Date Night Set in farrierdraper in the creativequarter.ie with 
Streetstyle Friday heat from 
Probable lineups for Sunday's HOME dual vs. 
TRAP TUNES will be hosted by 
Check Out Ghostface Killers 
MOTORSPORT OUT NOW
Check It Out 
Ayyy this is lit 
Danny Brown is looking 
Also playing 
Nothing better than waking up with a blank canvass & by the end of the day a full song is created! Smashed it today 
2 nights at the Roxy! HUGE wkend 
Thank you Copenhagen! What a night ...rolling 4hrs with 
Tbt to that night 
The timeline of 
That first 
tix for 
Looking forward to watch 
 You Never Cease To Amaze Me! You Are The Truth!!! 
So there’s a brand new 2LP from Equiknoxx, out right now. Their debut album proper in fact. Limited vinyl…!!!! 
KILLER!!! new one from Jay Glass Dubs; Deluxe silver 2LP now shipping...
Relive the magic of 
Our 
dumb really did that 
The beauty of crew tings is flaunting your events for more reach! Yes yes my cosies people! Do da ting 
This is going to be 
I don’t look it but I’m actually buzzing my tits off.... session time with 
LISTEN BACK TO THAT NEW NEW 
Making my way to 
Big k vs pass is 
Dubai this Thursday it's all 
Fire and Ice clash in Dortmund 
TONIGHT = LDN 
Bigg!!!! Go run and get it 
Bad session in Amsterdam !! 
  in Cardiff again
 how are yaaaaa 6th April is on 
 in D8 next year is on 
It looks like 
 In The Dam 
RT TO WIN! NAKED 4SUM BUNDLE! 
Myself and 
This is 
 Listen to 
Dec 5th Klang 
Driving roller from 
Got some sunny days in 
Just moved in with 
Are you as hyped about Top Boy Season 3 as us? Check out 
Shakira, 
One of the 
Some upcoming 
Fire as always from 
Steak anyone 
Who is Ready For Nov 27 
“Burn it up!” 
The truth
IT’S ON NOW!!
Check the new Boeke on the show 
Check BOEKE on YouTube. Next EP coming soon on 
Check the latest 
Officially out today people. 
Big ups man like 
Pronto is out now on 
The 'Pronto EP' is out now on 
New Music out this Friday on 
First play 
New BOEKE! Coming out on 
Check out this highlight!                          JUNIOR YEAR
If this doesn’t fire you up, idk what will 
This kid is 
Dropping my ADE video very soon 
Round 2 vs NHS 
Fire up! 
Tonight in NYC! We are 
New York! We are live 
 you were by far the best set there this year 
 and 
Orlando will be fire 
Looking forward to  
For a dose of the best dancehall and DnB, listen to this incredible 
 is officially done with Senate delays on DOI picks. Demands "immediate action." 
Who's getting lit with us on DEC 23 
 I LOVE THIS MUSIC 
 FREE DL ALERT 
Need some fuel for the weekend? You can now DL our full Escape Halloween set for free here: 
 HAPPY WEEKEND 
Coming out to the game this Friday? 

Check out some 
THANKS 
EDC ORLANDO WAS DOPE!!
New Music! 
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% off SITE WIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
Heavyweight cuts unmixed & in full... 

Most Rated 2018 drops next Friday! 
No better way to celebrate the start of 
We're happy to announce...


From last nights Sunday Sweeney Session aka HEADZ 
The Shirt To End All Shirts 
New heat! 
 for the DJs
NFL PLAY OF WEEK 11
Good luck 
Duo recreates BTS & EXO's MV with zero budget
Thanks 
Second ever T20 hundred goes to Mooney, absolutely amazing! 
The best 10 shots thru the years at the Hong Kong Open...

Disclaimer: No 4 + No 1 = 
Glute Activation is a trendy topic right now and with good reason. 
Here at 
TONIGHT IT'S GONNA GET SERIOUS w/ 
Opening for 
NEXT: After a MASSIVE performance in 
Dat c-boy 
Obviously 
 After 
On saturday I experienced some “Horsepower” in the end of my set. What a bomb from R&S records back in the days 
 I can already see the airwaves , every shop every stereo every girl every boy playing this track. From the Cape to Cairo 
YoungstaCPT probably dropped the hardest verse in the rap industry in S.A this whole year wow 
Hardest rap verse on South Africa dropped by 
THE AIR is Vietnamese boy group who just debuted on 12 November 
Last night w/ the homie 
Found the 
I honestly can't wait
Watching the American Music Awards thanks to 
S/o 
 Our 
She makes the short sleeve jerseys look 
So excited to share this with yall
New ep!
 Interviewed ya mans
When there is 
Niggers are sleeping on that 
Guys don’t sleep on 
Fire in the game. 
My Peach Cobbler drink Mix is 
Myrtle Beach rockers! 
We wanna give y’all some new 
THE PERILOUS NIGHT 
Big fun in NYC last night! 
After sickness and surgeries left 
Can’t get this new 
Album is absolute 
The issue of gender came up again... 
Just put up a demo of this brand new 
Now we have 280 characters we can use this space to shout-out to the UK venues we're touring to in (late 2017 &) 2018! 
Them boys put in work yesterday! 
Why they stealin our swag 
 shots at me 
My first 
H E ' S 
Atlanta’s 
Migos' album "Culture 2" will drop in January 
ASAP Rocky says “Flacko Season about to drop real soon” 
2nite gone lit
The whole baccwards feeling album 
When you burn the roof of your mouth at dinner but still need that hot 
Ima star like 
Who are the 5 best rappers of all time?

1. 
Time for some 
How much does your commute cost (or save) society? 

Walking and biking are 
We’re giving you a 
Rock your team with this new 
Ending an unimaginable year of boxing with an 
2017 was 
 Got your ticket? 
Tonight 8ET/5PT join 
Tonight we recap a momentous 
The Realist Showrunner in the game my man Joe...
Always remember—at any moment, it can all go up in flames… 
Let us remember: Black/Dream from 
Everything happens for a reason 
Restocked jog pants and varsity jackets at 
Committed! 
Spice up your dinner at House of Blues Restaurant & Bar open Tuesday - Saturday! 
It's time for the end. 

The "Love So Soft" 
I have something HUGE in the works for New Years.... Valentine is about to change everything in Brooklyn
Do yourself a favor and make your Monday lit and go check out this new song n video by 
Spent the day in the studio finishing up our album. Can't wait to drop 
TONIGHT set times 
People of Saskatoon 
  on the artwork 
Today I play tech pundit on 
Yung bans definitely my favourite rapper rn
Listen to STUPID HARD 
 - Stupid Hard 
 be spitting that shit 
Set The City On Fire 
“Caskets” video OUT NOW
ONE OF THE HOTTEST HAT DESIGNING COMPANYS IN THE GAME 
They played that  
 new album is Great nun but 
Luke Evans Posts Steamy Underwear Snap, And Fans Can't Handle It 
Ben Barnes Bares His Butt In Netflix Marvel Series 'The Punisher' (
Pietro Boselli Rocks Skintight White Briefs On Fashion Show Runway 
Kodak Black On some different shit ..... 
 
Best concert I’ve been to all year 
Bruh. 
Shoreline mafia X Stincteam be droppin nun but straightt heatt 
Man Fw 
YO! Check em' out...

i love my job... 
Join us tonight at 
the 
 Introducing our 2018 
 Bamboozle Official Video out now 
 music 
Tap in everything the boy 
Link in My Bio
Me and M.A. Da Pilot All Again 
.ENT Link in My Bio
Deli Hating On Me X 
Sichuan cuisine is having a moment in New York City right now. Here are five new spots bound to set your mouth on 
 is fired up to serve! 
 is hilarious! Brilliant work from 
Don't dilly Vidal-ly, 
Take off your jackets, turn on your radio and get comfortable because Big Shaq is on with 
Just hit 1 million streams on Spotify on 'Vessel' 
It's the last day of 
New track out on my label 
Karrusel festival was INSANE 
oh shiiittttt
Tonite! London is ours 
instagram saw it first 
, I'll be playing a day show (which means special day vibe set) at 
.. 
3 steps vital steps to help some one with a burn wound 
List of books from 
Lorenzo Insigne’s absolute screamer last night 
This thread and the discussion quoted within are 
it’s the most wonderful time of the year: 
The COUNTDOWN IS ON!! Only 4 days until

Group 3: Survival 
 = 
I'm so lit 
Good morning peeps. 1yr Anniversary was a SHUTDOWN
  halftime 
DONT MISS THIS 
LET THE GAMES BEGIN... and may the odds be ever in your favour 
GAME TIME BABY. 
Young boy coming of age... Marcelo on 
Fuelled up 
24/7 is your hustle! It's so dope to be a part of the 
The stunning 
Very excited for our new styles coming girlsonswim 
TRIBEKA TONIGHT! 
Dubai, tickets available now: 
New Music Titled “AVAILABLE” Out Now 
ceo_masterpiece They have come Again Oooo 
This is Getting serious 
One of the best finishers in the game 
I appreciate I'm biased but today's 
What a game! 2 of my favourite teams! Fair play 
Thank you to lovellrugby for sending across my 
It's chilly con carne down at fortress peffermill but Edinburgh's attack is on fire 
Always king! you got that 
Ayyy my cover of 
Wah bhai, shashkay! On fire on & off the field these days 
ALL the cosy feels 
I love snowing weather 
Concept + Muse. 
DING
When you need two emojis because Hot Pockets aren’t represented 
MY MAN! This brother right here is a superstar...!!!!
Meet 
FLASH GIVEAWAY [48 HOURS]

ANIMATED TOXIC AR-15 SKIN

LIKE / FOLLOW / RETWEET TO ENTER 


BANGER video coming out tonight.

ft. AVENGERS

  
Congrats to one of my best friends and mentor 
IT'S 
PHOTO OF THE WEEK
Dave Chappelle. The new stand-up special. New Year’s Eve. 
Inspired by 
Tag a friend to try this ULTIMATE chest day finisher with
Don’t sleep on these 
Big Shaq hits the big time.
He's just dropped the official music video for 'Man's Not Hot'!

Last night was dope
 is back on Oct 30 w/ a 
TONIGHT AT 
This outfit is straight 
Oct 30th is going to be 
[CSGO] 
Please help! 
 made Monday night feel like a Friday. 
LEEDS I’M IN YOU! 
Yeehhhhhhhh not bad, not bad at all 
Top receiver right here!! #228 
My dawg don't be playing! 
7 Years Ago we were blessed with this MASTERPIECE. 
No hard work goes unnoticed. 
I  K N O W. 
 in the D is goin' to be 
The first track from my Bedroom EP is here! Pre-order on 
It's Triple Thirsday! 2shows &Cabaret 
Busy class this morning 
Thank you for 
I really wanted to like Justice League, but...i just can't seem to. Give me a whole movie of that first wonder woman scene though
What did you get up to at lunchtime? No protein shakes here. Just sweat and determination with a 
Absolutely loving the 
Our hot
This weather is beautiful 
I am pretty sure all is silent ..... !!??


when you didn't get in but had the best time ever 
Summer's great drama is here. 
Two beautiful colts bought today with 
Beautifully bred 2yo filly TERMINOLOGY (Star Witness/Taylor’s Command) wins in convincing style in her debut trial. Aiming for 
Singo’s regally bred LONG TIME AGO (Redoute’s Choice/Once Were Wild) adds Black Type to her page taking out the G3 Summoned Stks 
Bang goes out man Snowy with FUDGED at $8.6 as his top pick wins first leg of the quaddie at Sandown 

Snowy’s on 
Don't let the 
We bring the Worlds Biggest Boat Party to Amsterdam
Enough said 
 takes out the NZ Guineas double! Savabeel posted his 15th individual Gr.1 winner today when 
Can't wait to play in my adopted home state tomorrow in these 
FLAGSTAFF - We can't wait to see y'all at The Orpheum Theater​ for the the 
FLAGSTAFF, AZ - We can't wait to see y'all at The 
GREENSBORO, NC - It's 
GREENSBORO, NC - It's almost 
We're having a blast on the 
Impressive Sth African maiden Wnr Roy Had Enough is the 7th 1st crop Wnr for 
 friends! We’re at 
Adelaide Weber Family! Keep your eyes on our friend's 
Canberra! It's time to learn the secrets to amazing 'Low & Slow' barbecue at home with the Southern Hemispheres' only Weber Grill Specialist 
It's the long weekend! What are your barbecue plans? 
More to come. 
Last Friday 
They’re fresh and 
What's that? Little flash back 
During his prime Ronaldo was simply unstoppable. 
We can't wait for January & February!! 
Two great athletes that love to be fast! 
Starting tomorrow, Firefox is fast again 
Good to see 
New blog post: "The Cost Of JavaScript" 
 The next version of VS code will automatically add your import statements as you use functions from your project
Loads of great stuff on drawing + creativity by 
It's time to treat yo' self, girls! 30% off at 
IP with the MONSTER dunk off transition!Toreros come out the gate on 
 | Three incredible saves! 
Oh my, 
Tonight's afterparty is looking 
Big crowd in 
7 more sleeps until 
I was, the covers album. Fire 
free bottle of beer and free tote bag with every purchase on STUDENT DISCOUNT NIGHT 
A few eps in - is good, yes? Punisher = hot. 
Her latest work on our Instagram is 
When the whole squad is looking 
Want that lovely, warm & snug feeling ? Come on over and enjoy our glorious fire! 
 Our single 'No Fire' is now available on Spotify 
Wow! Live version of 'Glasshouse' by 
Love it when I
Warm up with red hot savings 
Can't wait for our next UK headline shows. Coming to a town near you in Feb. 
Burial's Untrue turns 10 today. 
My mom is just incred 
I’m just gonna leave this 
right here 
Fancy building some heat in your body this evening?!?
Check a sneak peak of 'Miramar' one of the two new Universal Solution tunes that are out this Friday! 
Don’t sleep on 
x3 new 
We interviewed 
The music video for 'enough' just dropped today via 
Just found out the 
O R L A N D O 

Catch me at 
NEW MUSIC OUT NOW 
IT’S TIME FOR THE TECHNOOO 
On repeat: 
Wow! Firecracking! 
So good legend! 
Cattle call day 2.  
Inferno is on 
Out tomorrow on Elements, this 
 These are my fav Top 10 HOA tracks of last week! 
BRAND NEW REVEALED RESIDENCY!
Master of 
What a great underground B2B session with 
My Remix of "Crw - Feel Love" doing damage at @ministryofsoundofficial 
My Remix of "Crw - Feel Love" doing damage at 
What A Journey!! Celebrating My 10 Year Residency at 
AYAYAYE my Boiler Room set is now up on Youtube 100% exclusive edits and weird stuff 
Thanks for having me Schwerin!! 
Mr 
Magnitudo by Saint Sinners is out now!! 
Our friend 
The Brilliant 
Back at fabric with the man dem this Friday.. big up 
Back at fabric 
Brand new 
800/1 Man City to beat Feyenoord at home is mental, £4005 off a fiver anyone!?
MEGA shout outs to Melbourne the other week, 2 RIPPING nights 
What a night I've had! 
Everybody's down on their knees... 
3 DAYS 
Besides, the new song "Secrets" (written by 
Getting a LOAD of hype for our new single on 
Don't forget, my EP 'In Techno We Trust' is available now on Beatport! 
FREE PARTY this Saturday at Stage & Radio 
Honored to release my 17th track on 
My remix with 
More fire added for Boxing Day 
This Saturday we've got 
This Saturday 
Tonight I will be playing at the last 
300pax couldn't get in to the club due to full capacity. Barcelona last night was absolutely huge 
 !! I'm coming back next Saturday 
Super hyped for my first time in 
noahpetersenmusic rocking our OVRDOSE hoodie 
Our ADE Sampler 2017 has been officially released today in all stores! 
#41 traxsource Tech House Top 100 
#84 traxsource Tech House Top 100 
We keep climbing in the Tech House top 100 
Unforgettable moments during ADE I'll never forget! 
I'm proud to announce that "Lick It" is on number # 67 Top 100 Tech House 
Ski season is on
BRISTOL... We're coming 
BROOOO WHY HIS ALBUM GOTTA BE SO BOMB AND HES ONLY 18 like yessss 
Tonight!!!
“November” is on the streets

I'm playing with my bro John Dimas this saturday at Яeturn.. Calienteee Barcelona!
Excited to have 
Check out WWR latest EP - Loud&Clasiizz 'Underground Way', with remixes from 
Can't wait for this, who's up for a 
Looking forward to House Of Silk Bonfire 
YA KIDDING !!! THAT WAS ONE FOR THE BOOKS
 is tearing down 
 last night was super dupa .... 
a bit of pancake feet live at the paris show 
Thanks, 
Listen to the new 
Last night was a dream onstage with 
 got 
Just listened through the 
GU NYE (Budapest) with Dave Seaman, Darren Emerson, Danny Howells, Anthony Pappa, Lexicon Avenue, Marcelo Vasami & Darin Epsilon 
Just follow us! 

Keeping up with the Joneses at 
 Melbourne 
Another week, another banging show 
Australia! 
waaaaaaaaaaah 
 This moment though...
The BOO The BOO 
3 Days till we set the roof at 
Amazing vibes at 134 Oxford street! 
Killer reunion at 
Afternoon visit to 
Fish taco - Hake in beer batter with chipotle slaw. Limited numbers of 
This week: State takeover of 
"I'm gonna mask a rash statement...Doug Pederson is a better NFL coach than Andy Reid." - 
On my way! To get the MRI. It's time to get healthy and come back stronger than before..
Presented by 
Anyone else missin' those blue jean all nighters as much as us? Tag your 
 BEING RUBY RICH 
I’m sorry, did I singe you? 
It's getting a bit chilly out there so why not pop into Palominos for a hot drink? We'll even stick the fire on for you! 
Our web designer 
Skiaaaaaaaaaaaa 
Straight 
Great no gi trains today with Pablo Mantovani.  No gi worlds in 5 weeks.  Bringing some Brazilian heat 
LIT 
Not yet!! Morata Class tho. I told everyone about Salah last season. He was on 
My favorite rappers as of now are pretty much all from the Bay Area...P-Lo, G-Eazy, IAMSU, HBK Gang. I'm telling you, the Bay is on the come up in the Hip Hop scene. Big time! 
Boss up IV 
88 glam so fire dawg 
Finally heard the whole album “ BOSS UP IV “ 
The way music hits me! 
NEW WORKOUT: Full Body Fat Burning Workout | 20 Minutes 20 Exercises 
Our Player of the Game 
These Madhouse Team Store hats are 
I see you fam this song is 
Kyrie's on 
When it’s 
 are on 
Been waiting to ride this board for a minute 
My cousin 
Without Struggle there is no Progress 
 TRY TIME 
Damn Am Costa Mesa Qualifiers went off today! 
Holla if you want the sample pack or tunes 
I have an uncontrollable urge to start headbanging while listening to this send help 
Heres 
Online this Friday, Nike SB  releases a very special Dunk in conjunction with the Japanese collectible maker Medicom and it is going to be pure wild fire. 
testin out a new one by the homies 
Lowry on fire 
Lads on fire 
Newly released AW charcoal tracksuit 
ITS FINALLY OUT! New one w/ 
Fucking FLAMES 
That 623 fired up to get to Norman!!! 
AYE I MADE IT ONTO THIS HALLOWEEN COMPILATION! I'll keep you guys updated on this! I'm SUPER excited! 
You know who’s Gangsta enough to rock a 
Got a new Track w/ 
Check me out on 
You have to listen to: Nimez - Let Me Go by Hybrid Trap 
Palmetto Bowl. SEC Nation. 7:30 Kickoff.

Williams-Brice will be 
Battle armor 
7 out of 10? That’s 
When it's one month to National Signing Day! 
Confidence on his debut from 
It may be cold outside, but it’s 
Another 4-0 Win today and another goal for me, the team is on 
Official photo time 
Ncfc Goals today came courtesy off POM Chelsea Garrett with a hat trick
Decent 2 weeks with the crew
Some clips of 
Train and play in style...
Our latest Velocita training range is now available 

Can't wait to start tomorrow
Feels so good to win both titles this week
Rafa en fuego 
Happy to be back in Moscow 
Great win for the lads in Cardiff 
This point from yesterday’s match was 
Finally finished our shirt wall of fame, our office is really looking good now thank you everyone that help 
Infectious, addictive & damn inspiring... 
Game on!!! Pushed Sydney so deep... felt like that was coming and what a finish from 
Game day -1 
Sizzling 
 erinwasson  costumedk  
Go Check out that 
Got a peek at the new line dropping Monday from 
What a FANTASTIC evening last night! LONDON you were amazing 
Hot Stuff:

Ohhh 12/9 gonna be 
We're excited to announce that 
Last day of honeymoon. Took the 1.5 hour ride to 
2018 Odyssey burning through turn 5!! 
Good catch up with 
Looking good bud. That would be awesome. Enjoy the fight. 
 | Who needs a blue tick when we have FightTalk coming to our shows?
Too much inspiration 
 w/ 
Sometimes 
When the Fascist in Chief retweets the dumbest possible response to your op-ed... 

The first day of the 
Flips, whips and tricks starting in 10 mins outside in the stunt area 
Your first 
Unreal 
From the tower: 
Guess what has just landed? 
NEW EXCLUSIVES IN! 
Great team win fellas! Let’s start another hot streak 
Ain’t no podium like a junior podium. 
Desolate trails post 
How good does this sound off 
90 podium finishes so far in his career

Keep flying iceman! 
Fastest lap from Kimi - 1:12.945 
A glimpse into the future. Terzo Millennio. What a Beauty 
DETROIT let us light this night on 
19 for 19...Big Time
Start your weekend off right by reading all about our Oatkan Knights!
Checkout the Weekly Update:

Night 2 at 
They spent their first playoff Saturday burning DBs 
 Yankees win... THIS TEAM 
Pumpkin patch was lit 
Fever
Fully, unapologetically admit to crying over the end of Iron Man 3 and operation Clean Slate every single time. 
Up and at 'em! Tipoff is early this morning!

Fire Up 
We are a day away from getting to see 
It’s crunch time & things are heating up! 
HOW BOUT NOW


Oklahoma special election- in district 37 which Trump won w/67% of vote - just went to a 26 year-old lesbian named Allison Ikley-Freeman 
Andrei Markov's former Habs teammate is doing damage to his new squad. Alexander Perezhogin's snipe has Avangard up 1-0 on Kazan early! 
The winning streak's not over yet! 11-for-11 on the last two drives, a season-high 385 passing yards, and a 15-point comeback complete. Just another Sunday for 
There’s this great new web magazine called 
A fiery Full Secs from our talented intern Stew Harvey 
Don't miss the amazing work 
This Zayn ft. Sia is 
 Just announced! Read all about the Creative Edinburgh Awards 2017 shortlist
Matt Ryan's 
Start to greatness 
The focus of Black Women in STEM this weekend is so 
She is 
When you order 
: One word for the new 
 Great set tonight 
Upcoming performance "JAZZ IS DEAD" Dec 14th, 2017 @ LODGE ROOM
Feeling the Cajun 
Rolling on da Queen K and then into the Energy Lab 
Snotty Nose Rez Kids are coming to Toronto for the first time for a 
 playlist for 
EVERYDAY! 
 everyday a winsday
Everyday a WinsDay! 
Undefeated since Winsday dropped 
Everyday a WINSDAY 
Bro 
Wow Hell’s Kitchen makes all of the bomb artists huh? Love this!!!! 
Lighting up the track!!! 
working on some new things 
The defense is on 
I need to create a new music playlist that's not labeled "Boat 
I am SHOOK to the core by these 
Just at home on a Thursday night watching 
Lakers game tonight 
 Under 13 Championship was 
"Flow Job" might have been a lil too easy for 
XPLOSIVE, XTRAORDINARY, XTREME.. 
MOOD for the weekend! Can always count on 
It got a lil 
 congrats on another one!!! 
We're BACK like we never left! 
ME x Fabolous x Conceited 
 ME x Nick Cannon x Conceited x Hitman Holla "Flava In Ya Ear" Remix!!! On 
GO Watch ME vs Chilla Jones Now!!! 
Spittin 
Blogger friends! I am sending these proofs out next week. The hottest debut for 2018. Don't miss out. Let me know if you want one 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY NICCA
 ight Jefe we ready for the new music, go head and bring the 
 take me away 
 Take Me Away is straight 
New Music: TOP FLOOR - "Same Cloth" [Official Video] 
The line outside 
HOW MANY 
55k in a week?? Proud of you love! 
Shosholoza for life! 
And we're LIVE. Chat with the amazing 
Philly, let’s go see 
NEW YORK CITY!! Coming for you in 2 weeks!! Get yo tix & come see me 
Portland, ME y’all know how to party! Tonight was 
Two Endless Mugs sold at once!!! Go UCM
Weekend..! 
FOOK YEAH LADS!  
 Once we get fully funded on 
Yo!! You can catch me in action tonight on bet new show ‘50 Central’ the show airs 10:30pm/9:30c
Hold the phone! Have you seen tomorrow's comedy lineup? 
Sunday's 
 this is Tomorrow Night! Going to be 
Fuck about! 
Rise & shine! 
 @juice_records_uk 
Good stuff 

1. Ekholm absolutely next level right now, both sides of the puck
Girl your voice 
OXNARD 
She Wanna Get It in 
 Bennettsville SC 
Saturday Classic
ENOUGH TALKING! JUST WORK!
Saturday Classic 
SAN ANTONIO TX 
Mannn! This about to be the BIGGEST thinking I've Shot to Date! "The Juice"
The Internet is on fire! 
New 2HP 
Unlike Matt's dart here, September is going to be LIT! Come shake it 
 2 WEEKS TO GO! 
Got a super sweet show to announce tomorrow 
London support 
Upcoming winter tour dates 
Your next MLA in the Alberta Legislature gets a standing ovation in Calgary Lougheed. Dr Phillip van der Merwe 
We got in the studio with 
Hello, please meet emoji 
Overactive imagination: a Great Eagle of Middle Earth flying over Mt. Prevost 
One Song = Jidenna x MB x Quavo x Sark! 
SUMMER KICK-OFF SALE NOW!
Everything in the store is 50% off
Turn the heat up with the new Thermal case
Check out the new Thermal Case! Change the colors with heat
GOATcase spring blow out sale! 50% off store wide! Get everything you want before it's over
Live at 5 Saturday service was 
7:30am was 
7:30am Service was on 
The weather may be hot, but hell is hotter! 
Speaking at the 
 spittin' that T Dot Bakardi Slang on the 
JAM THIEVES - AFTER BLAST EP
Coming soon 
Yessssss
Pure 
This brother has done a ton of work fighting for 
Thrilled to announce 
 I’m ready for green bean casserole. 
Congrats to my guy 
Sorry about the delay for my challenge Sunday’s! They will Be coming soon! In the mean time here!
Congrats Dame! 
Mannnnn 
Bringing the 
No matter how cold it gets, we're always bringing the heat 
Calling all producers. Please send over your 
Watch out >> 
Last one from the 
TAKE NOTE KIDDIES!
2K18 Packs & Drafts are out! 
Turntable mastermind 
NEW!! Hitman - Come Through FT Vader x Realz [Music Video] - 
Every time I hear the kick I go... 
Every time I hear the snare I go... 


BASSFEST NYE THE BIGGEST EVENT IN THE UK ON NYE!

LIKE + RT TO WIN...

8 SUPER VIP AAA PASSES - LIMOUSINE TRAVEL + £1000 BAR TAB! 
Shout to 
Best of the week 

In the store now!! Get it here in 16Bit wav for the same price as mp3 will be next week on full release 
 


Southampton tonight...
This week's Friction Fire is a huge one from 
BIG
Amber Heard looking #
 Cleptomaniacs / Soulfuric don 
Trance Wax set last week at 
whole set is 
BURN 
your weakness to ashes
IGNITE 
your strengths to flames

Here's your sneak peek at Most Rated 2018 thanks to 
DALLAS! Join us tonight at The Nines in Deep Ellum for CHRIS LORENZO 
 fully went off
“Give me any signal “
Tonight!!! 
Tonight - the first play of 
Looking forward to welcoming 
Can't wait for tonight at my favourite place in the whole world, 
See You at the 
Out 13/11 on 
MistaJam - Tom Zanetti and Friends Takeover - 
Swing Latino brings the 
Broker launch for 
Floor Plans Now Available for DuEast Condos.  10% Down, average $718 PSF - less than the resale market 
PSR October 2017 Market Report: A quick resale housing analysis with key stats for Toronto + the GTA 
WIN A CHANCE TO HAVE A YEAR OF FREE SHOWS! 
NEW VIDEO! 

Dell XPS 13 (8th Gen) vs Lenovo Yoga 920 - 
Atlanta, you smart, you loyal, we appreciate you coming out last night to the 
Check out this babes MOTD 
It's GO TIME! 
Coming in hot at #9 of our 
It's day #8 of our 
New video! 

Check out our new 
Please go Subscribe to my channel!Trying to hit 25
Here it comes 
All the power you could ever want, contained in a custom designed stealth beast.
Welcome to the family boyz! Looking forward to big things in the near future together  
Happy Birthday Brother 
 IS 

fire enough for yall
Rt Watch Veenus_a52 with me!
Win a Dragon Lore with 
Win a beatiful AWP Dragon Lore (FN) here 
Make sure to tune in and have some fun! Make some new friends and chat!
Make sure to tune in! You don’t want to miss it! Make sure you turn those notifications on!
PLAYING 
  ! JOIN US FOR SOME AMAZING FUN! 
Coffee + Hot Chocolate = 
PLUGGING IN FOR A SHORT 3-4 HOUR STREAM! But you already know it’s gonna be 
FRIDAY 13th
The lottery is at 35 million dollars tonight and I spent $500 on tickets if I win I will give one person who likes this tweet 1 million dollars 
If you're reading this you're a mother fucking beast 
I need a squad to grind with 
THIS IS NOT A DRILL! 2 lucky winners can take home ALL of the gaming goodies that you’re seeing below worth $5000+ Enter the competition here: 
We challenged Rafa to see how many consecutive putts he could make...

The answer: 27 from 27 
Really happy with that round this morning, gave myself plenty of opportunities and the putter was 
J. Cole and Killa D about to drop that heat 
With their season ending, I want to call out what an awesome addition 
You know who they are: the Wannabes. 
Fame hyenas. 
Dressed like drones. 
In it for themselves. 
And they ALWAYS. PULL. YOU. BACK. DOWN. TO. THEIR. LEVEL. 

Watch "ROCKSTAR" 
6 goals in 4 games. Rachel Hill is on fire! 
Hygge time 
Just a week to go till the show at 
Absolutely outrageous line-up to mark our 
TOUR STARTS TOMORROW!!!

Can’t wait to take this baby out!
Today is the day - 
It’s here!!! Our debut album ‘PYRO’ is finally available and has gone in at #34 on the iTunes rock charts. Lets push this baby to #1!
Big story coming out tomorrow 
Keep it lit. 
Damian Lillard steps onto the Eastbay cover in his new Dame 4s 
NEXT WEEK 
Pure <3 Kiss? by 
Just under a week till 
Oxford you guys were on fire last night! 
Sheff Peeps!! Tickets - 
 Hat-trick & MVP 
Heated 
Gents no jobs are coming anytime soon. Go buy MoFaya at your nearest wholesaler or demand it if they don't have it. Go push that drink for R10 a piece & make over 80% profits. Gents we are tired of waiting. Stop being broke & make money with me.
King Kotini @rikyrickworldwide is one of the most celebrated rappers in SA. He is known for his unique rapping skill & on stage presence. We are happy to have this award winning ‘Mr Boss Zonke’ returning to the 
International break is over, 
Free hairbond body wash when you spend over £29 at 
Secret hairstyling agent 
 happening THUR 23.Nov.17 feat. 
 Saffiyah Khan launches her first solo Exhibition back in the local community 
This campaign is bold AF 
YO YO/ I'm so happy to announce that... my first single is out today! TOO SLOW, TOO FAR available here!! 
Beyond excited for all of you to see our new merch, we’ve been working extremely hard on it for the last month. The new ACE Family merch is about to change the game 
Wild NZ on 
In 7 days, the heat is turning ALL the way up! 
The grip of the GTS Alcantara package. A must have when it comes to GTS?

Our new demonstrator at 
Honestly, truly, this is such an album 
Guess who's back ! All Metallics including the ever so popular Burnt Copper 
✰WIN!✰ Our Sundays are 'LIT'
Light the club up this Weekend! 
Light up the club this Weekend! 
big things coming for 
Tonight! . . LIT ON SUNDAYS 
This SAT.11.NOV we bring the heat with our Ayia Napa Summer Reunion! 
We have lift off!! 
Feel the heat this 
Our Guy this year is provided by the 24th Reigate Beavers! 
So Monday is DONE. 
New playlist adds from our first lady 
Fantastic turnout at our Community 
Dope ass artist 
The consistently amazing 
Rep Team News
Loving this, 
63: GOAL FOR 
Come onnnnnnnnn Derby day
 smoke? 
Where are they now? 
Rand Paul why are you so weak with Trump? All talk! You vote with him and act like you are a patriot or somethin. Israel & Saudi must be proud of you, their rep on the spot. Billionaires love you boy 
Autumn and outside fires... bliss 
Get them look! 
Lions magazine issue #14 
Stunner 
naila by dreamstatelive  
That moment you make the 
1 street, 2 bars, 4 individual restaurants, & a huge secret garden. The Prince is gonna be INSANE: 
 my sexy ass husband 
All the fire and all the fun 
Real Betis play some serious stuff 
Let’s get it!!! 
 still repping! Appreciate the love miamiheat 
A song that is as tipsy-fying as its name.
The first look of 
My wife is 
This team is on fire. Congratulations 
What a comeback 
"In place of the existing rules... the FCC would 'simply require Internet service providers to be transparent about their practices.'"

From strong oversight to the honor system. 

DEMAND THE FCC MAINTAIN 
YOWWWW 
Best night ever 
I agree 
It’s about to 
Ayyy! That's the best way to do it 
Match 
NEW EP on 
Killed it 
Yooo!! It's a movie baby 
Ayyyy!! 
We can't wait to see 
According to Sixers fans, the new nickname is the "FEDS" (Fultz, Embiid, Dario, Simmons).. the FEDS are coming 
 Check this match out 
The Arena looks 
The CWL Analyst desk has made it to the arena for the Global Pro League!


 THIS SUNDAY
Much love and respect for 
YOOOOOOO THE NEW 
Our Pastrami Western Burger Is Too 
This match will be 
That tag match 
Kickass Women, Vol. 1 is available now on Spotify and iTunes!

Featuring themes from 
Maddest turnaround. This was less than 24 hours ago 
Exclusive Q&A with 
Expect a new feature on 
Man, i miss 
Tonights the night 
WE ON! 
On bommy 
Well didn’t think I would ever fan girl...but then 
We can't stop raving about 
DATE FOR YOUR DIARY

Feb 17th - Manchester Arena

Groves v Eubank Jr 
“DJ is a fraud. He needs to man up and fight me”

Hear our conversation with 
Here is the updated Super-Middleweight tournament bracket! 
 OUT NOW HOT NEW AFROBEAT HEAT WAVE TITLED “OVERLOAD” 
Lightweight contender 
My team lit
Stolen from 
Goal machine 
 she's future world champ keep your eyes peeled for 
All sessions were absolutely buzzing tonight
 gillingham centre on absolute 
 | Check out this piece of absolute filth from 
Brother from another 
Bruh I would bang this in the whip. Migos be making hits by accident 
GROUNDBREAKING! 
This one goes Hard 
This is filthy from Zinedine Zidane's son 
Brand New
 Here's that winning 
Competition time
THIS IS HAPPENING 
This Ones Going Off!!! Myself & 
Out Now, 

Here's ANOTHER ONE 
 - selfish
Finally the Christmas tune is about to drop 
Finally!!! My Christmas Jam by 
 fire......
We've got 2 
I'm on my NY shit.... 
 is the #1 Friday party in NYC 
What a comeback from the boys! 
Don't think I've laughed so much watching tele,  
 CELINAAAAA 3-0! Pick that one out.. 
Dear World: You know what? You ARE amazing. I’m thinking about all the times you reached out to someone who needed a boost and I feel thankful. You know we’re gonna turn that up to 11 on Monday for 
We went 5-0 up inside the 1st 25mins thanks to a blistering start....!
 A Saturday isn't a proper Saturday until Graham Carey scores a screamer.


Mets le 
Sorry groundsman
It’s about time 
Our best episode yet! Can’t thank 
House of Horrors: we asked Queensland's record run-scorer about how to win at the Gabba 
Smashed it once again 
I feel like Nicki and Beyoncé are both about to drop that 
I’ve had a sneak preview of this new EP. You’ve got to hear Thom’s version of High Germany - there’s a kinda Tony Levin vibe going on! 
OAP: Old Age Producer 
Check out Phil X of 
Introducing El Mocambo Overdrive: sweet, sweet overdrive tones, for biting blues leads and hard-rock rhythms alike! 
OnMyWorstBehaviour 
Ladies and Gentlemen! Behold! One of our festive offerings, at the all new Winterville on Clapham Common. Starting next week, see you there! 
When you can’t stop listening to The Hunna and now you get your wee sister listening to them too
It’s time! 
H A W K // Massive lines again for 
Flame on 
ONE DAY TO GO AND COUNTING 
 Woodfired 
We’re back 
“Knows how to plug in a phone” - savage troll by KK 
Next weekend sees the return of 
one of my fave vids of all time, and the song is 
Your dressing table essential is weeks away.... 
Here is "Beware of the Humans" Official Album Cover 
 For those of you around the world who can’t make our live show with 
 SOLD OUT 
 Amazing. We just SOLD OUT the Globe Theatre in Los Angeles with 
Center yourself. 
We took a little too much coffee to Cup North, help us find loving homes for it, please? 
Way too stoked to announce that I’ll be a part of the 
 tour! Starts THIS FRIDAY. 
Facts! Imma be there
The Monster 
Whole 
Well after hardly any sleep it's gonna hurt. You defo smashed it 
Last night I used an if statement to fix a spelling mistake on a meta key value I couldn't alter. Via editor, no less... 
 YOGA FLAME 
Here's a peep from last night's 
Nov 24th @ Heart 
Everybody been asking for a gouyad party here you go ! 
Tonight broward getting its first real gouyad party since house party days pull up on me
Just updated my Spotify playlist 'Snavs Selection' with new music from 
Wildfire is out now
rise above bitches 
RDKAST004 by 
counting down the seconds until i can leave work and head to the official Turkey Day pregame tn 
New one up from 
"Gunman Vs Ricky Bootleg" from 
Just Announced! 

400 free relay QUALIFIES FOR the A FINAL!!! Amazing swimming today and ready for more tomorrow!!
Mckenna Stone QUALIFIES FOR the A FINAL in 100 free!! 
Congratulations to the entire state team placing 8th overall as a team!! Thats the highest in program history! Great season girls!
HYSTERIA Vol. 5 is here and it is 
A Boogie's album growing on me. Some 
Kellie Willhite QUALIFIES FOR FINALS in the 100 breast with a time of 1:04.12!!!! 
200 free relay rocks prelims and QUALIFIES FOR the A FINAL!! 
200 medley relay QUALIFIES FOR FINALS for the first time in program history and breaks the school record with a time of 1:45.82!!! Catch them swimming tomorrow!!
Beyond excited to announce my commitment to continue my academic and swimming career at The University of Illinois at Chicago! Go Flames
Literally every stop of this tour with 
To anyone going uni studying something creative -

Start your grind from your first day. when you leave Uni life is going to try attack you straight away unless your family are gwopped up. Use your spare time for your Grind 
Smokers Vid Out Now!! 
Now Playing: 
En route Bristollllllll ready to shell down 
december 5th 
Did a mix for the 
 thank u
OYABUN returns with a bomb visual 
Last 10 minutes of 
Castle on the Hill x 
Castle On The Hill 
Music Video out now on VEVO
 #10 happens tomorrow and it'll be a special one live and direct from the NTS studio in London with a special 
listen to the new 
Cherele on another level 
That bridge tho 
It's gonna be a lit December 
S/O to Miss 
Oh man, Kyrie is feeling it! 
Nijmegen was live last night.  New mix downs sounding 
I’m playing tonight in London. Get yourself down there 
My EP 'Roots' is out today on 
New Champion out now! 
Or Blonde And Bitchin......,..,.,,
« What is civilization? It’s a woman free to live as she wants! » SHANTARAM. 
TONIGHT! The dons 
 new joint
 #410 Skengdo X AM X Tuckz - DiDiDi Bow (Music Video) 
#410 TS x BT - CR4SHERS (Music Video) 
My mannn
Yo! MTV Raps is BACK! 
It went off in Newcastle last night as well. Big tune 
This week's MTV Dance (Sky 354/Virgin 314) playlist is here ft. 
20:00 - 22:00 GMT


Our weekly track selection is back with Midweek Heat! This week we've picked out killer tunes from 
The BIGGEST and BADDEST in the game 
For the night! 
Afro B x Skengdo x AM 
Check out this cover by that guy 
Tonight people 
Tonight I’ll be passing here for 
It’s coming 
This Saturday is looking 
Under 2 weeks to go until 
Listen back Meeks x 
 the free H album is just too fucking much 
Get ready! @barbiesaddiction rolling into Hawai‘i 
*THIS SATURDAY*
Are you ready?! 
13/10/17

Catch 
*THIS FRIDAY*


More fire from 
I got some more fire 
Come thru with the greatness 
Manchester grime kid Aitch returns with ‘Hold It Down’ 
Birmingham City's Cheikh N'Doye has won MORE aerial duels than ANY player from the top leagues in Europe this season. 
"QUIET ON SET" 
1Xtra Live 2017 kicks off! Can't wait till this is out 
20 Mins 
For Sure My Nigg
 goes dumb on everything 
On god 
Preciate that lets get it
Check check fuck em up 
SUPER MIX "Naughty By Genre" TRAP HIPHOP 

Check out ya manz with this new 
Need more tracks for myself for this Bando Theory LP.  If you got 
This Sunday on Mad About Bars we bring you 
 you gonna blow up with this one
Who the hell is Jack Harlow? Someone tell that dude his music is 
 "dark knight" is 
Best of the best 
New up on 
oi but where's 
Had such a sick night on Saturday at 
TONIGHT!! Jalouween with the myth, the legend, the bailout n head to LA, Mexico, Santorini n anywhere but work guy 
 Tonight Baby, Party With Us.... I'm Live From 10PM Right After 
ZOMBIE WEDNESDAYS!
Pre Order my debut album now 
Official Visuals For 
"Ugly God, where you been at?" 
"What you been working on?"
"You better come back with some fire."

RT for this right now. 
This new Chris Brown “tempo” produced by my guy 
you murdered that production 
This was amazing, Please listen & share the Awesome & Insane Message by 
this mix 
Levels
Micofcourse - Hungry [Music Video] 
Yo last night was a movie 
 Hot off the press: “
This is my new Jam 
 just dropped a banger...

Micofcourse - Hungry (Prod. Alpha Redd) 
 are putting on another 
 Since it’s 
I’m copping today 
 hop out the 4x4, 1 by 1 by 1 by 1 by 1 
The latest Southpoint merchandise has arrived. Full catalogue available to pre-order here: 
Young T and Bugsey on Let Me 
 staff honored at 
Be sure to check your 
Some new 
London crew : On NYE you can catch me DJing at 
Big up the 
Across SC & YT play count now over 50,000+. I'd like to think 1 person liked it out of 50K! BiG Up yo' bad selves!
B Young - Jumanji (Prod. By AntiWave) [Music Video] | GRM Daily 
Obsessed 
Last night with 
Fresh af 
Kartel's done it again 
There are 5 Days until 
Chali2Na is killing it on 
 is the artist-focussed conference addressing mgmt + touring + musical keynotes (Sun 26 Nov, East LDN) 
So much incredible music being produced tho
AIM Members & Friends of AIM - For your chance to win 1 of 3 pairs of 
HOT TOOL!!! 
ATTENTION EVERYONE OUR ANNUAL SUMMER FLING IS ALMOST HERE
Hope yeez are all enjoying this playlist ft some 100% hot Scottish artists 
The synth 
TONIGHT is the night! Come out to 
 Now that I am in sane mind, I need to tell you how amazing you were last night!!!  
We play our last show of the year on Fri 8th Dec in 
 Bits with the homies 
Another banging session from our lad 
Our wee pal 
Urban Development is Recruiting! 
ONE WEEK UNTIL 
When you want the night to last forever 
Let’s All Shrug... 
 Being interviewed by the lovely 
It's official, my brand new beast of a song "Catapult" has been released into the wild World Wide Web. Stream it, buy it and add it to your playlists using the music service of your choice via this link: 
Who’s she ? She’s 
Fire consistently reduces biomass, abundance, and diversity of below ground faunal communities
Logo of the day - 
Logo of the day - UC Riverside Highlanders 
Logo of the day - Southern Oregon Raiders 
“Free and reduced lunch is how they eat, it is NOT how they learn!” -Katice Menchan, principal of Snellville Middle School, bringing the truth!!! 
Get in there, the stuff is 
 goal 
Ready for a new week
"Hell fire read" is my new favorite blurb! 
 THAI SWEET CHILLI 
Less than a week to go until we launch our 
Maternity pants at the ready! It's time to make space for these bad boys... 
Swing by for hot pies before 
Straight fire 
Amazing experience! It should be part of the induction for all the board members.
Updated with new 
We're comin' in hot, 
Slayyy! 
Fire & Ice Meet 
OH HOT DAMN 
Lock into that Robbie Williams angels fireee now 
Time to take this baby out and create more looks. 
How is she real 
Make sure you spend you weekend listening to the amazing new 
First track on the new 
Brows on point with 
Don't miss out! 
These guys are just a little bit good 
Hot off the back of a tour with 
 DEEP CUTS #12 
STUDIO DAYS! 
There were some fabulous strikes across the 
Studio day! 
Check out our fantastic review by 
Let the good news train keep rolling!!! So much awesome stuff coming soon :D 
FL
TCTITTIES THANK U BIRMINGHAM WE HAD A BLAST 
OH SHIT I THINK ITS GOING OFF 


Quiet night in with 
Rooting for 
My snaps right now are 
 favorite emoji everrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!
How did I miss this 
ITS LIT 
Quite the throw down 
  athlete Brandon Thompson shot 60% from the field last night 
The official Art Work "Feed Back" by Rey Macc.. Designed by 
Follow us on Snapchat 
This new track ya 
 Holding it down 
You gotta bounce with my girls 
I feel like Vatiswa Ndara's role on Home Affairs will always be iconic, though it didn't get that recognition it reserved 
Litness 
Funny how I woke up at 5 craving Reeky's Problem. That jam is litttttttt
Tonight we get ecstatic in 
We are here with the 4 boys 
Pictures from 
Remember This Street Banger? 
 on right now
Boys working hard in the 33 degree heat! 
OH SNAP! 
‘Who’ is LIVE on 
Tune Into 
 always tuned in the show,its lit today
"Lions do not compare themselves to humans."

Zlatan at Manchester United = 
24/11 at Taj Pamodzi Hotel!

Join us as we make Zambian music history! 
Tall people are a 
1: Follow all that Like & Retweet
2: Follow back all that follow you
3: Gain followers tonight
On a Mission to Fill Up Thika Stadium This 
 Local & African tunes with your boy Maximilian!

How's your Friday?
This Neymar nutmeg  
"Done went to Africa, talked to the have-nots.
Donated some uniforms, teach 'em how to have Guap"


Stanley Enow ft 
Blessings Fam 
Training camp just got lit 
My baby_@Jezelbrothers ft. 
Hear that new 
Crazy how a Scandanavian dude has the top hip hop playlist on Spotify. It's 
 Listen to LIHTZ - IF I RULED THE WORLD by Lihtz 
shoutout twelvyy 
Fuelled up 
24/7 is your hustle! It's so dope to be a part of the 
Russ is feelin' it 
New Helmet!! Nouveau Casque 
Wake N Bake 
Shakira, 
Start P2 tomorrow! Good job mate for the pole! 
“If bein a real nigga was a job alot of yall niggas would be unemployed” 
NEW EPISODE THIS THURSDAY  .....After your all STUFFED and WAKE UP from your THANKSGIVING food… 
‘
Psst... 
Shades of Grey • 
Show us your 
They're calling the color "Nirvana Blonde"—and we have all the secrets behind it 
Grateful for the millions of women who’ve stepped up this year to raise more hell. 
Have yourself a night, 
Happy Birthday Penny Hardaway 
T-MINUS: 20 MINUTES!
Todays 
I T  B E G I N S 
 | A big win kick-started by this man today – for a chance to win his signed shirt follow 
Meatloaf is taken to a whole new level with 
Javier & Letty aka 
Powder blues for our Thanksgiving game 
This hot little 
That moment you make the 
NYX you are just killin’ it
Six iconic artists explore the power of the erotic 
For those wondering, the inaugural 
24hr NYE 
 TO BE HONEST... the Real Ting mixtape, Hurtin me and DING A LING... absolute bangers. Im obsessed  
NEXT: After a MASSIVE performance in 
ONE WEEK UNTIL 
Don't sleep on this one 
Fantastic job 
Hot Stuff:

Your album is straight 
A lite 56 tho 
"Think about it & if you can't live without it, Don't let it go, take it home n build bricks around it" 
THROWING A PARTY TO CELEBRATE FINDERS KEEPERS. LONDON. TOMORROW NIGHT. 18+. @ ME IF YOU AND A MATE WANNA COME 
FIRE 
Levels 
Tune into 
20 MILLION STREAMS ARE YOU SERIOUS 
Hottest mixtape of the year dropping soon?!?
It’s a mawdness in our 
Come on 
.. 
 getting to dance with these 2! You both deserve that mirror ball trophy! Vote 1(800)868-3406 
Who's ready for some 
 BIG CONGRATS to Levi’s® Music Project's 
Big congrats to 
"Every child is someone's child you affi mind what you do, coz karma's gonna bring that drama back on you" 
Eh so now we have the daily 
The levels of sass in this vid
I can’t stop watching 
Damnn, You Girl!!
Juls - Gwarn featuring Burna Boy (Official Animation Video) 
Soooooooo excited for our pre-
Wrapped our final 
when 
A Cha Cha/ Tango Fusion that’s hot to touch! 
 right now for the REVOLT premiere of 
This Ones Going Off!!! Myself & 
Absolutely fire 
VIDEO PREMIERE: 
Stay locked into 
You DESERVE a video 
"I’m trying to bridge the east and the west, and connect the world with the music I'm doing.”


Took over NYC with 
In 2 days
TONIGHT on 
Tonight 
WE CAUGHT A BODY ON THIS ONE!! 

Tonight, Tonight, Tonight 
Let’s get it!!! 
RT 
Hard 
 Cosa Nostra Kidd - Position [Prod. By Mondo] 
Trapping & Rapping nigga what’s your purpose!! 
 dropped sum mo shit for da streets 
If you can't vibe to 
Been broke before x Lucci 
JUST RELEASED! Very limited numbers of tickets for 
Solange posing in Calvin Klein's iconic logo underwear is everything 
 Super excited to be running a social media workshop for 
I got HOT
Timo 
Thanks for voting me 
We had such a fabulous evening last night. Thank you 
Yey!! We can’t wait, it’s going to be fabulous 
And we are looking forward to seeing you too!! It’s going to be a great eve. 
THANK YOU to everyone who has donated wood to rebuild our bonfire. We can confirm we will now have a bonfire on Friday! See you there? 
carry on the hard work 
Ecstatic musical fusion! Happening in 20 mins. In 30
Degrees heat. 
Highlights include Art Night 2018 
What a game!!!! Wow!!!  Hope to see the bro 
What a game boy. What a game!!!!  NBA is LITT
“Not just smouldering… Absolutely scorching.”

“Giovanni’s dancers are as good as any you will see on the television show.”

Just some of the Reviews of Dance Is Life last year and in 2018, 
Da Reds fam 
When dads snapchat is 
This Rookie/Sophomore game on ESPN is lit right now 
Gonna have to get up to 
Sofiane Boufal with Southampton's youth team - this is quality 
Details 
shoutout twelvyy 
 Tour 
? or 
Brooo this rocks 
A very special fixture indeed. 

Huge win for the Warriors today boys were on fire 
An awesome gig by 
NORTH AMERICA TOUR
LOS ANGELES
Meet Callum Aylott: The 
Chopsticks or fork? With our Tibetan 
Stop sleeping on 
BIG shouts out to the homie Rob Bingham over at 
 10/27!!!!!!
Get your ticket !!!
Maison
Watch how firefighters learn to tackle the most extreme blazes 
Footage from 
Mask off! The Furykaze by 
There's something about 
To be honest this 
 
INSTAGRAM: @ KingDevyne 

Come learn this TOMORROW!
MONDAY
5PM

yassss it’s 
What a night I've had! 
Huge game tonight for the girls hockey team at 7pm against Waconia !! 1250 Oak Ave, Waconia MN!! Make sure to come out in your fire fighter attire to put out the wildfire 
Vote for 
WILD IN THE STREETS 
L.A FORUM! 
MEGA shout outs to Melbourne the other week, 2 RIPPING nights 
3 DAYS 
Check out Shame's latest video! Tickets go on sale tomorrow at 10 AM 
16 points in 16 games, with an 8-game point streak. Yeah, you could say Hoffman is HOT. 
The most 
Big crowd in 
We’re giving you a 
coming soon on KnightVision / Warner Music! 
This Friday 
Check out the link below to see RNN's latest!!  Don't forget to like us on Fusfoo!!
new episode is Fuego, shout out to Cole Bradley for hoppin on the set, give us a listen!! 
The boys stay hot
Alabama wins - SEC West Champs

Auburn wins - SEC West Champs

The Iron Bowl is gonna be  
This man Aha Gazelle 
Dec 19th lineup official

My Boy 
Her latest work on our Instagram is 
Saturday night 
This is like a black version of The Real World and I love it. The cast is so 
Let's warm you up on Wednesday!
Tonight at 8 PM! 
Tonight at 9, our lineup is 
No Mercy from Deon Sanders 
Thursday= Spray Day! 

Get a spray tan today for the perfect tan for the weekend!
This Saturday at 
 story about two of our student managers Wayne & Dre 
Here is the game winning block!! 
. Kid had a big career at Central Catholic now off to DC to play for Howard University
ready to roll 
Beyoncé, 
A Week 10 
Repost if you think I should drop my new video "Dexterous Creek"
Representing! GO 
Randy Moss showing 
HBD to my day 1!!! Have the best day, De!!! 
Can't wait to see you suited up slinging that 
Dats Tuff
Keep working lil bro , your time coming believe me 
 tonight 12 midnight
These shows just keep getting better and better !!! Come see us wild out 
WHOS COMING ??? Houston turn up 
Performed at John Overton High School and it was too much fun ! Like the old boyband days 
Have you heard 
Zero Gravity,Phight For Philly Champions, Rise High Elite 51 MSU Skyliners NJ 38, 
first 8 games go check them 
The hip hop mix on 
We’re super amped to be hosting 
Told you regular season means nothing and Don't forget who told you about QV first.     
7 out of 10? That’s 
Hype and talk only goes so far when you play good teams with good players 
You know who they are: the Wannabes. 
Fame hyenas. 
Dressed like drones. 
In it for themselves. 
And they ALWAYS. PULL. YOU. BACK. DOWN. TO. THEIR. LEVEL. 

Watch "ROCKSTAR" 
20% off the ENTIRE 
 Tonight don’t miss 
us last night during 
Holy moly the Incendia Fire Stage at 
Will never tire of listening to this. Best battle routine ever 


Man-PACK coming into the 
Congrats Luke!  
Congrats Megan! 
Congratulations! Future Chippewa 
Great match!! Looking forward to a great season. 
new tune is 
Ayyy this is lit 
We made it! First practice before the tournament starts tomorrow! 
ICYMI: Central Michigan’s 
As promised...We can't wait to see you this season! 
I am proud to announce that I've committed to Central Michigan University to further continue my academics and athletics! 
Robert Rogers committed to continue his wrestling and academic career for 
Logan enjoying his first wrestling match!  Way to go 
Several individuals joined us in the wrestling room following the dual to check out our updates and improvements! Thank you everyone for your support! 
Amazing night kicking off the 2017-2018 dual season! Thank you to all the fans that came out to support the Chippewas. We couldn’t do it without you! 
What an awesome night! First night of Wrestling Band was a success. Thanks to 
Had a great time up in Mount Pleasant watching the 
Thank you for joining us and firing up the crowd! We’ll see you second semester when we return home! 
Ronald Darby came out tonight with a little extra 
Half-time scores from across Europe! PSG are on 
/// always with the 
Josh Rosen "Comeback" Tyke. "Chosen Rosen" is on 
100 knee pounds.
100 ankle pounds.
50 inside outs.
50 side-to-sides.
0:59 seconds.


 5 straight seasons a 
Mannnnn 
When you and the crew are 
Get hype! Last night we shot our intro video and it's going to be 
Congrats to the 
Hurry people! These auction items 
whats the 
Surfs up and so is the Fro 
The line-up for PBS03E02 is here! 808INK, Aaron Bastani, /aart, City, Cõvco, Gage, GAIKA, Gloria, Kojey Radical, Madam X and S4U will all be joining us on 2 December 
gonna be 
We're excited to announce the return of Empire's monthly Body Rock Atx on Dec. 1st! This time we're partying harder than ever with a 2000s themed night featuring all of your favorite tracks! Get ready, ya'll! Ladies are free before 11! $7 all night. 
Stream & download 
The wait is over......

 talk abt Lord Howe Island walkingstick. Different species from Ball's Pyramid? Extract DNA from museum specimens! 
JUST ANNOUNCED — 
Listen to 
Whole 
Check out and support some sick new music from my old buddy 
Tonight is the night! 
Grand Rapids was 
Heres 
Big shout out to 
MY MAN! This brother right here is a superstar...!!!!
yoooo 
Ima die a boss, in this new sick shirt 
3pm tomorrow 
 FNN B. Will (Feat. Young Moose) - My Taliban 
 BWill why you snapped like that on PYT 
Should've made boiz pay for this one! 
Why don't you have your ticket yet! This show is 
R A C E D A Y 
1 day before RACE DAY! 
"I DONT FEEL BAD ABOUT IT" 

Whatever Your Passionate About is your Ticket to Wealth!! ...Philly was 
MY NEXT HIT 
Las Vegas.  Hi.  I'm here.  Playing tonight at Beauty Bar solo.  Tickets at the door for $15. 
 Space is 
  DOUBLE TROUBLE for COSMIC  Royale Saturdays
Get tickets now before they sell out cause this lineup is straight 
This is 
From the tower: 
tfw 
WEDNESDAY, NOV. 15th 
 to a house show ft. A photo of nordistafreeze ‘s mom 
Spice up your night at House of Blues! 
Video footage from our 
Nice one 
My snaps right now are 
 favorite emoji everrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Studio session tonight with the homie 
All of the fire 
BOOM. 
Lighting’s dim but the music’s lit 
We’re hosting from our HQ and it’s 
 Nashville... we're spending it cozied up next to some new gear in the studio...
ROYAL STARS X NMFS POP SHOP IN Brooklyn 
Feed The Models w/ 
Alright you lot, we're closing out the Flying Machine Cafe on Sunday night, 10PM - 4AM, in the Body & Soul Area 
100.000.000 STREAMS ON BONFIRE! 
New Year's Weekend is about to be LIT! 
Goku just hit the greatest Kamehameha Wave in DragonBall franchise history 

That instant replay tho 
Justice league was
Woke up to a new record over an UPPERCLASS beat .. we got one 
Two days to go! Unbeatable 
Here are this week's TOP songs! Which ones are you playing on 
So excited to announce this 
 this is pure gold 
On the fly, had a great time shout out to 
These pics are 
 shot
Bright colors always look 
FRIDAY!!! 
Just launched today newrepublicman Chelsea boots 
“Dirty Sexy Money" by 
People should be proud of things they’ve accomplished not circumstantial things they were born into like race, gender, nationalism and religion. DO THE WORK & BURN ALL THE CARDS THAT YOU WERE DELT 
TIMETABLE for TONIGHT. 
This Saturday we're in for a treat with Dixon, Trikk, Fedele and Raw District! 
waaaaaaaaaaah 
Our November is on fire! Come see a show! 
Man like 
Jo Johnson - guest at Jane Fitz's final residency party of the year on Nov 24th - has her excellent 
This one with Paranoid London and Peace Division’s Justin Drake is not to be missed !! 

Drop me a message for paper tickets 
Giggs - Linguo feat. Donae'o (Official Video) 
We're back,12th November with 
Many thanks to 
Same goes for 
 Everyting about this tape is ahead of its time. 
Have you heard my 4M remix already?! 
Here it comes 
Here something that goes hard af 
it's out! retweet to spread the fire 
Nov. 17th 
bout to b charLIT in North Carolina tonight 
’Hot For U’ out Oct 13th on 
’Release Yourself’ with 
 These are my fav Top 10 HOA tracks of last week! 
BRAND NEW REVEALED RESIDENCY!
 released Black Sahara 
 NEW MUSIC FRIDAY!
Fall announcements coming in HOT
My Mi Gente remix live with 
EVERY ROUND IS PURE FIRE
This is it! It's ALL come down to this! 
Once again 
Woohoo! New weapons are about to be cooked
Flying out to Vegas tomorrow for a weekend in the studio with my bro 
This remix man 
Awesome remix, fire up 
Got some 
Pure 
DON & HEX return with a PACKED show filled with exclusives like NOTHING NEW by DROPGUN Ft. KALEENA ZANDERS! 
You never disappoint. Love the new track, bringing the weekend in right! 
I got that new new for you! My 
Twerksgiving on WEDNESDAY (11/22) with 
Denver was LIT 
NEW VIDEO - Listen To This At Your Own Risk… 
 Oi! 
'Super 7 Volume 8' is LIVE 
 to this wild night with my 
What a track guys! 
New series ALERT
 super 7 volume 7 and 8, gives me life 
Friday 8th December we've got 
Amazing night the guys we're on fire 
Huge thanks to Foreverland for putting on and getting me involved for their amazing events! 
My remix of No Love by @volac_official coming soon.... 
Always fun to go B2B w/my friend 
Finishing the year strong! 
It was a great time joining 
Sheffield tonight 
Holy shit album is looking 
Bournemouth tonight! Get fucking ready 
BRAND NEW VIDEO ‘SKRAPZ FT. CHIP - HIGH SPEC’ OUT NOW!!! 
 season coming soon don't sleep on him trust me 
What a performance! 
See you this Sunday 
Here comes the fire 
Who am I 
New Tanika video Kingston13 out now 
THANKS 
This might just be our HOTTEST Hot 25 yet feat. 
SKYGARDEN TOMORROW 
EXPECT SOME 
T O K Y O .. tonight . 
Preview on 
We've got a new newsletter for you with releases by 
every time I see 
 was absolutely beautiful tonight 
Happy birthday to Mr 
Really excited for this one! Our first vocal track will be out soon on 
Today is the day 
See ya tomorrow at 
Straight 
Aw yeah. Thanks so much for including us as one of the hottest startups in NYC, 
Big shout-out to 
Such tremendous work by Northern Irish women writers! They’re on fire! 
Catch me at 
Yesterday w/ 
y'all cant handle this. 
 Ireland's premier live music venue 
Working on a new remix 
Playlist updated!!! Pure 
Cold outside isn't it? ... I'll tell you what isn't cold... THE PURE FIRE I'LL BE DROPPING ON KISS FROM 6PM!!!!!!!! 
Added some bangers this week! 
Let's do it Mr Jackson! 
 yes boy 
 HOUSE & BASS 
 FRIDAY FRESH MIX 
 HOUSE BASS GARAGE 
 Cleptomaniacs / Soulfuric don 
 We’ve added ‘around.away’ to our playlist 
Here's what you can expect from 
 mix’s on Soundcloud are absolutely sensational. 
In case you missed it...

The one and only 
We're happy to announce...


Defected Croatia crew...


What happens when you put accelerant on a bonfire 
Show update: 
MERCH PRE-ORDER IS HERE! Limited run–Get it while it’s hot! 
Dance class alert 
check out this clip from yesterday of Asia & Lewis 

Hamza bringing la sauce to 
Siboy is going in!! 
Belgian rapper ISHA isn’t clowning around on this one. 
“TAKE IT AS IT IS – MUSIC IS SOMETHING TO ENJOY” Read the full story with Spanish trap sensation 
Mahalia providing those throwback R&B vibes…Full show here: 
Thank you to the amazing group who toured 
"If you're a white man who hasn't gone to therapy DON'T APPROACH ME" 
I don’t go anywhere without a Bic Megalighter & a candelabra 
Day 2 at the 
We can't WAIT to have 
We are SO EXCITED to welcome 
TOMORROW night - 
Up next is my own recipe of the signature range Christmas pudding of 
Earlier today with@DJYodaUK 
i got my money up but i still be depressed 
Calling out to the 
Tonight!!! we have 
NEXT WEEK 
OUR DEBUT EP IS FINALLY HERE!
Buy it here: 
We’re playing 
Only three of these shirts left all in medium! Go pick one up they won't be reprinted 
This is gonna be 
Keeping this 
This remix is firee! 
The timeline of 
Surprise! We just had a few tickets for tonight's sold out Tori Amos show open up. Grab 'em while they're hot 
Lemme tell u bout 
It’s going down this weekend at the providence Rhode Island Comic Con! #
ICYMI
My new track "Let it Bleed" featuring the AMAZING 
RT to congratulate 
Tonight Cologne! Favorite City! Remember last time? 
Happy Thurzday! 
GottiBenz new song 
 has the best ribs & sauce! 
Don't forgot to help out your favorite hometown BBQ! Text to Bad Azz BBQ to (412)218-3063 to vote !! 
There's no place like Red Mountain! Such an incredible Homecoming! 
Big moves only! Great video and a great school!!! 
New batch of 
Go peep the homie 
Nate .B’s first Music Video is gonna hot
Shot my first Badger game and it was a heater 
BYU came to shut it down 
PSA: If any other visiting teams want to have extra days off in Vegas before playing us, we're sure we could help line up some 
It’s official! The 47th annual Canadian Western Agribition begins w/ the ceremonial burning of the brand 
When in doubt, check the top 25 restaurant list: 
Burial's Untrue turns 10 today. 
Trapaholics & R&B/HipHop heads... Please join my stream on 
And the winners aaaaare...Drumroll, please
MAKE. THIS. GO. VIRAL. AND. TREND
Check out my Junior season highlights!!

S/o 
That boy Dj Khaled really know something too lol...wild thoughts go so crazy 
Classic winter tale 'The Little Match Girl' will be brought to life next month by 
Senior Season... check it out 
T O N I G H T 
Falcons DE Adrian Clayborn had himself a career game in Dallas. 
Nasty Nas Offensive MVP 
Super excited about my headline show 
Retweet if you're ready for football season 
Thank you for your great contribution to 
Can’t rush the 
Top Juco Point Guard In The Nation
Karan Higdon took no L’s today

25 carries
200 yards
3 TDs

Fighting for working families, and fired up! 
ICYMI: Watch highlights from Friday's 3-0 win over St. Cloud State, including 2 goals from 
 Woodfired 
Co-founder 
Yaaassssss 
Out of the 100 "most hyped" 
You bet! My thoughts are it was quite emotional for me. I was able to really dissect and uncover why I act the way I do and able to work on your chapter suggestions to work on taking the certain mask off. So far it’s been working and making s huge difference in my life. 
After a total sell out for 2017, 
.@ashton_gohil owned the 
This is a banger man 
Gonna smash this out live tonight, but which mix to play, all so
One week to go until 
Cinnabar Fridays.. Each and every week 
 brought to you by 
... 
SPECIAL EVENT 

I’m playing tonight in London. Get yourself down there 
JessBays & CJ Sax 
This is going to be 
It was a vibeeee. Big up the dons dem 
En route to 
Despacito x Wild thoughts 
Dubai this Thursday it's all 
10 DAYS to go until 
Check the new Boeke on the show 
Check BOEKE on YouTube. Next EP coming soon on 
Check the latest 
Can’t wait to bump the latest 
Officially out today people. 
Big ups man like 
Pronto is out now on 
The 'Pronto EP' is out now on 
New Music out this Friday on 
First play 
New BOEKE! Coming out on 
All AJBXNG In Action 
Flare presents: back to basics!

With drinks from £1 and some of Edinburghs best DJ's 
Tomorrow at Fubar it's 
Another massive week lined-up here at Fubar 
My latest single 
.We bring 
 performing with tomaga_  
Leave it to me to play my music "too loud" ..these new demos are 
Making niggrs pay for the times they taxed us 
Shawty want me fall in love I ain't got it in me 
Great work and performance by last years artist 
producers... send 
Aidan Fraser & Koran Jackson starting the evening 
 FIRST FIFTY ROUND 2 tbh!
Subculture x Nautilus Rising・The Intruder EP Launch

You can buy Domenic's 'The Intruder EP' on vinyl at the club tonight whilst Harri & Dom are playing! 
Garage Juice returns this Friday with residents 
TONIGHT we celebrate the foundations of UK Hip-Hop at The Root 
The legendary 
No plans for tonight? Head to South London's HOTTEST Hip-Hop & Dancehall party 
Always straight fire with a 
Saturday Night back 
// FRIDAY // 
Southern Hospitality parties > other shit going on in London ...This Saturday night
Aye cops can't stop the turn up!!! Big up to 
Next Wednesday 2pm-4pm on 
 was 
Got my copy of 
I started this gangster shit and its the mother fucking thanks i get 
Dangerous plugs and sockets: have you had one explode or catch fire? How often do you check? Keen to hear your stories. 
We are under way at 
December's 
December 22nd 
Exploring the city in comfort and warmth thanks to Skechers on-the-GO City 2 - Bundle 
What an article 
A steaming hot performance! 
This routine was 
 Arranca 
What a performance that waves tonight 
Whos excited about 
The coziest dining experience 
The 6th Annual GLOW in the Park by 
My guy 
Top travelling support again tonight! Thank you all. Another 
Belfast!!! Yes!!! 
Only 3 weeks into Spring & we already have a total fire 
Oi oi!! 
The handover is official! 
If this doesn’t get you 
Jay Z was fire 
H O L Y G R O U N D
Chicago, chains fell...fear bowed tonight! It was so great being able to worship with y'all 
Timberwolf!! Wow! On 
Being an SA boy at heart, hope the crows get up and 
Night for it! 
Who wouldn’t want to be a part of this place right now?? 
Mizzou Arena was 
 feed airing now. Great episode tonight 
 tonight!!! Episode should have been called ‘KARMA’. Tune in tonight 
Let’s go Giants!!!!!! 
 Custom Iron Man Kobes for my bro 
These what I'm rocking this season 
Mercy 
WAYLAND SOCCER BABY!!!!
More from the 
BREAKING: The ventilation system was broken in my hot yoga class this morning. 
Our students are on fire
Dukes just got 
GO LEAP!! 
 at Dandelyan 
In case you missed it, 
It's been an incredible 12 months for 
Show day baby 
Band 
Buzzing! Minus has been added to the  
Super excited to be playing the madnessband House of Fun Weekender this Sunday!

Last Night was 
One more log and we're oven-ready for Monday lunchtime 
Paradiso can only be topped by a night out in Stoke-on-Trent 
Check this months pod  yet ....  2 hours of 
 to this classic mix from DJ BRYAN GEE 
 takeover was 
Appreciate the support kindly
Check out my track "Breaking Point" forthcoming 
Sick Eatbrain night w/ URGE TO MOVE AfterMovie, Dresden on fire, big night 
Oh yes Coppa back on that ALIBI flex again... next link up is done 
Heard June Miller drop this in the dance at the weekend.... 
24th of November - Coppa "Poetry in Motion" LP Teaser 1 on 
It Bumps....
Sold out show in Budapest last night with 
At the end of this month I’ve got some exclusive tracks coming out on the next Co-Lab USB project! 
Wicked weekend massive thx to 
TAKE NOTE KIDDIES!
Coming real soon to 
25 Years of Ram 
Testing out my new live rig for the first time at 
Playaz Birmingham on fire 
Who's ready we can't wait 
Morning! 
THE COUNTDOWN IS ON ! 
Kevin De Bruyne was so good today, Paul Merson clapped him off on Soccer Saturday!
Upcoming winter tour dates 
Senses video out TOMORROW 
in London last Saturday.
My new track "Caos" is out today on 
HYPE 
I know u all r probably tired of seeing my hooping videos but mostly posting becuz of my door rebound and this 
Retweeted UIC Flames (
THIS WEEK: double 
Listen back to this great 
Like this tweet to help me get 
cooking up some new 
Starting tomorrow, Firefox is fast again 
"Ok, I don't really, really wanna fight anymore
I don't really, really wanna fake it no more"
 
Check out 18,000 fans in Manchester singing 
NECTAR DROPPING some NEW FIRE
this track is fire!!! Full Support 
Damn you looking dope 
Last night in London was lit 
Weekend mission #1 : Friday in London 
IllumiNaughty 
WAV download is now enabled on SC in case anyone wants to blaze the fire in full quality 
So hyped to be releasing the next single from our upcoming debut album! ‘Say Something’ Featuring 
FREE DOWNLOAD!! Tristan and Ace Ventura by Yoni Oshrat- BLAZE THE FIRE 
KaBOOM! Tonight's show with 
Wasn’t much of a DnB fan but 
 ready to rumble is 
Houston & Dallas! December 8 / 9. 
San Francisco last night was amazing! On my way to Denver right now! Temple Denver tonight 
 
IT'S LIT
My homie Dwayne JuBee Webb comin in big on Marvel Years latest. 
 new music dec 5th
Brisbane tonight w the dons 
Y’all, this show is going to be 
This new khalifa album 
This weather might be cooling down on us ... but best believe we're turn up the 
We're 2 weeks out from 
YOU NO YOU HOT
ride into the weekend bumping G-WORTHY's debut 
Drake - God's Plan (Extended Snippet) 
Here's a longer snippet of the new Drake track, big up 
NYC Pull Up 11/2 
Nov 3rd Queens 
Double fire emojis required for 
If you're not tapped into 
The young bull 
H.B.D 
I have 20 Terabytes of footage over the past 6 years, minus about 2 Terabytes of footage i had to trash because i was broke and couldnt get a hard drive. I been in the streets. Ask around 
Bruh this goin right here 
Check out my interview with 
GO LISTEN TO MY NEW SHIT 
GO CHECK OUT MY NEW VIDEO “INTRO” 
Smoke that weed I sip that act, lost that Once Imma get that back ! 
THIS is what it looks like when an arena full of change-makers come together and celebrate each other's light. 
Data is a 
No delusions of grandeur. 
mrheadshothimself x 
Australia, we are back in 2018 
Back from Indonesia, looking forward to this dope bill on Sunday (11/5) in Brooklyn 
Laced 
May 5th it's on ya hear me it's only so much game I can give you frfr 
 Link in bio 
 Dropping soon all production by 
My new album SAVAGE is available for Pre-order now 
Need beats fw my bro 
BIG congrats to 
Ending an unimaginable year of boxing with an 
Just like me- Damedot
Cancun got me feeling some typa waaay 
This Friday in Niagara is gon be littt 
Less than a week to go until we launch our 
Maternity pants at the ready! It's time to make space for these bad boys... 
Swing by for hot pies before 
It's not just hot gossip—RUMOURS just dropped 
 When Brothers Speak -November 19th!! You don't want to miss this  
I'm personally not a fan of making fun of a dad in pain. But this shyt heeeeeere is 
Get ready 
see you at 
thank YOU 
I just love 
I've had such a great time working with the Sephora Short Hills cast. I've made some pretty great friends. However, I'm excited to announce that I will be joining the Sephora Garden State Plaza cast starting tomorrow! Come book those CMs and shop with me! 
Yes yes! Delighted that 'Wait For You' has been added to 
My brand new show starts TONIGHT 9PM 
Check out this wicked 
Check this catchy belter out 
Left-to-Right: Taylor Phillips, Ricky Young, Matt Roy, Matt Chase. Lighting the room on 
 25 November

Just a week to go till the show at 
Hot blonde/ Jockette 
150 
PSG in the 
Let's turn up the heat a little, shall we?! 
damn ESPN already dropped the FSU-UF hype video 
Have to say, this amount of 
Today's second work, 
25 years ago today we released FIRE! , Our 4th single ... woooo ...happy fukin birthday to us ..
Check new vid from 
CATCH ME AT 
  Hits Cardiff This Month With A PHAT Line Up! I'll Be Here Supporting With Some BANGERS 
Chart Farm rib-eyes & Chimichurri on the UK grass fed beef 
So there’s a brand new 2LP from Equiknoxx, out right now. Their debut album proper in fact. Limited vinyl…!!!! 
KILLER!!! new one from Jay Glass Dubs; Deluxe silver 2LP now shipping...
You guys were
Who's gonna be there THIS FRIDAY?!!!! Get your tickets beautiful people!!! Doors open at 7.15 
Hanging around with 
Joining me and 
Got some pork in the smoker. If you’re near The Swan this evening pop in for some BBQ
Wood in, Charcoal out
maddd 
Twitter's 
Another day...another shoot 
 candles: Great for fire safety, not great for a dramatic exit.
" we got to take it higher , we got to blaze this 
sickness 
ThiS is gunna be a madness !!!! 
1Xtra Live 2017 kicks off! Can't wait till this is out 
Manchester grime kid Aitch returns with ‘Hold It Down’ 
~ New New !!! 
 Out Now!
Rtkal & Shokryme EPs

 LISTEN: Megga Dillah feat. Acsel & the Reggae Rebel Band and General Trix - 
New Music: 
How does this rank in the all-time top 
Keeping it 
How do you start the week?
WSTRN ft Alkaline - Txtin' 
Flexin, flexin, txtin, txtin.

super special last track for 
Stay Safe this Bonfire Weekend 
LA MEET & GREET TOMORROW 
Technimatic (Shogun Audio-London, UK)
The energy 
Hot Tips for our filmmakers from 
Tickets now on sale for Tonight Alive here in Bristol next March!
 SUPPORT ANNOUNCED 
 Support announced 
 SUPPORT ANNOUNCED
 tonight!! In Brighton 
Wow wow Tonight is now sold out 
Today is the first ticket pickup for 1831 week!! 


Fire fusion & freestylin
 grey hair, grey matter, golden age 
Take a look at this 
See you later tonight Market Bosworth Rugby Club!! @tveainu & I will be coming in hot 
Just under 2 weeks to go until the first World Class Players camps. Visit 
A super duper 
Unbelievable night at 
She is real good 
This is class 
What a Sunday of football! 
"In place of the existing rules... the FCC would 'simply require Internet service providers to be transparent about their practices.'"

From strong oversight to the honor system. 

DEMAND THE FCC MAINTAIN 
Last night was 
We caught up with Kehlani at the 
Excellent piece in 

Half way through a week of chicken based recipe films

Check out the Spotlight on Heatwave Pictures 
Let’s keep that 
New art! 
performance from past 
This night’s been full of surprises, but 
Basketball jerseys are in! 
COMPETITION TIME TO WIN A FIRE AND ICE FACIAL 
New Caney vs Fort Bend Marshall man oh man! All of my boys about to go at it im geeked! Im calling it now one of the games of the week star studded event 
Brackets are updated! We will see everyone on Friday for an exciting day of Basketball! 
Redondo Union 85, Lynwood 55

Genet. I love you. The Balcony opens tomorrow. Step into the brothel 
Fire! 
He has done it again...

This will forever be my favorite song 
Look It's a Jay Z's album 
 It’s here check out 
I swear “Issa Slow Jam” with 21 Savage x Keith Sweat on 
 is fired up to serve! 
PERFECT timing for winter coat distribution! Thank you 
Taj Tenfold's cover for ABBOTT #2, in which our monster-chasing heroine's gangster ex-girlfriend shows up to complicate things 
6 years ago today, Drake released ‘Take Care’ featuring the tracks ‘Crew Love’, ‘HYFR’ & ‘Headlines’ 
From downtown, 
These are awesome. 
He's always cool on the ice, but 
S/o to my boy 
Tune in @ 6:30 to hear some 
Brian Kennat happy birthday my guy hope you enjoy this special day bro
HAPPY BELATED BDAY TO MY LIL BRO 
Can you match the heat with the feet? 
DJ 
 Jordan Hicks is throwing 
This T.J. Zeuch two-seamer from last night 
Eminem drops a powerful freestyle and destroys Donald Trump . 
Uh-oh, Buddy is on 
Spice up your night with a cocktail at Kru. 
The line outside 
Who knew 
I got to marry this smokin’ hot babe.  That’s the only win that really matters.  Love you, 
Thanks for an unforgettable evening 
The Lineup. 
Inside Schembechler Hall - Volume 14: 
Oh we're just getting warmed up, Judith 
Fucking Flames!! 
How could somebody actually hate 
Listen to Situation (feat. Roshon) by stilltech 
This track go crazy
 Today at 5:30pm est GTS SOLID STEEL SERIES continues with the REVEAL of the “King” of 
 the best part is, YALL AINT SEEM NOTHING YET! Tomorrow we reveal the 
SUB NOW 
50 RT’s

Official 2017 highlight video.


You’re the man 
"WHY DO FATHERS TEACH THEIR SON TRAP MUSIC"..
FATHER AND SON-MC NURSERY | TRAP RHYMES 
Caprice Coleman and Son Drops BARS FOR THE WORLD TO HEAR! SHARE SHARE  
60 minutes away from the final episode of 
We're focused & ready for the many amazing opportunities we're blessed to have on the horizon!

These are actually real cool so grab one quick cause they lit af 
Low Ki in early to mid-2002 was the primary reason a lot of us were buying dvds. 
 launch is going to be lit 
One door closes another one opens
Dragon pro ULTRAVIOLET
Wrestling 
Sponsorship!
4 Shows within 2 weeks!!
! We're coming 4 u 
Restocked jog pants and varsity jackets at 
rdp3's photo 
Just saw that 
This match will be 
 THIS SUNDAY
 is gonna be Lit
WOK - A$AP ROCKY // CAMP FLOG  GNAW 
trap jumping' like 23 
Nah cuz this deserves a grammy 
Get excited... the new 
Hopefully next time I bump into 
GIVING AWAY 3X REAL LIFE FUT CARDS OF YOUR CHOICE!
When the meeting is long but the snacks are 
Very very very interesting chats today with 
Our 3rd Annual 
Another 2 twos from Kev McKeown at seapoint today. Is this man on 
Buzzing for ‘Rogue Wave’ from 
If you get the chance to catch the rest of the tour go see 
Woaaah this new Pendeltons EP I'm mixing is crazy!!! S/o @trailerlimon & 
Have a listen to ”Tell Me That You Love Me” by 
Please give our partners a follow at 
We're live from 
Our upcoming Heavyweight 5-0 (5KOs) 
If you haven’t already, check out my latest sounds

OUR KINDA MUSIC PT 5  |  OUT NOW 
OUR KINDA MUSIC PT 5  |  OUT NOW 
New Mix Been Uploaded, Will Be Available For Free Download in 5 mins only on my mixcloud 
Catch me warming up the main room for Royal T @ raw (Williamson tunnels Liverpool)  this Saturday and it's SOLD OUT 
I am Happy to announce I will be playing at MADE this year
2 days away from the weekend starting with 
Time to think about 
The show was lit 
Nothing But UK Vol 4 OUT NOW 
Techno vibes with 
Dwayne Johnson signed in ASL: 
“You’re scared? It’s ok” to communicate with an ape in  
Flame out. 
28) Coma Cat - 
We got that new 
Tho shit is so fucking
More secret bizz coming wayyyyy soon 
Are you ready for tonight? You know is 
Black Friday Offer from November 24rd to 27th 
My cats got sum new 
Yo it's my bro 
 Resident 
Ah yes!!!
 OUT NOW 
ITS LIT 
Just an update guys: "Bed" by J Holiday is still fire 
brand new sono 
M O T O R S P O R T 
DEBUTs AT #14 HOT 100
Really been on 
Lmao what a life. So 
Dave Chappelle. The new stand-up special. New Year’s Eve. 
Wait. Some people haven't seen the 
HIGHLIGHTS: 
Notre Dame vs. Miami is gonna be 
Finally! YOUR 2017 WB VARSITY L BOYZ!! 
 are 
It’s getting hot in the dance floor with Montreal’s 
Bad light forced the 1st Test to a draw after 
Woke Tree Hill
Full-time: Everton 0-3 Chelsea! 

WHAT A WIN! 
It's the 1st 
LIVE YOUTUBE A 10H 
The SQUAD for ISL-4
What a win and what a performance!!! 
Congrats to my guy 
 Hat-trick & MVP 
Any good bonfires/fireworks around the Sheffield area tonight? 
It’s about to be a crazy night 
Sorry for bugging 
Check out the DJI Mavic Pro that can stream 4k video & 
What a header, 
Celtic get a 
The turn and pass from Wilshere 
Getting out of the car feeling 
Nobody will be ready for the 
I found some sizzle on set. 
Virginia Tech continues to have the most lit entrance in college football 
new N.E.R.D tho 
On my way to London! Tonight I will play a little something during DJ MAG LIVE X Kaleido at WORK BAR. Settime: 18:00 - 19.00 (GMT +1). 
In 3 days we will be releasing a heater by our boy 
We love the cup 
That feeling when it’s finally GAME DAY 
this unreleased 
London was the last destination of this mini EU tour. Thank you so much to all who came out… 
Paris was lit last night
ayo this ones 
Take off your jackets, turn on your radio and get comfortable because Big Shaq is on with 
Louis Berry last night in Stoke. 
Talk to me about this line up.... 
Birds eye sunrise. 
Ed Sheeran & Stormzy 
Chelsea on the counter are devastating 
This is actually decent! You got yourself a regular listener my guy 
When’s it cold outside you need some 
The classic Mexican squash medley
Our grass-fed tri-trip is exactly as it sounds. Delicious! 
 Hot off the press after he summerbreak: “Dutch Legal Tech Update - Issue 71” 
How do your like your eggs in the morning? Come and try our delicious Eggs Florentine
I'm biased I know but this poem from 
Major shout out to 
Their love/hate relationship is legendary in the hockey world and hot enough to melt ice.
Oh hey look what’s getting sent to 
 It's Sagittarius season 
Dil se re with Mitesh from the top 18 of 
A song that is as tipsy-fying as its name.
The first look of 
Beautiful weather. 90s RnB & Hip Hop Set by 
So who wants me and 
DUFFYS ON FIREEEE 
BANG! That's how you bounce back.. Different class to a man.. Helped by our unbelievable fans! 
AND SO WE GO 
*** STYX REOPENS THIS WEEK *** New menu including three (yes three) winter warmers! 
Make sure to grab your tickets 
Support and follow the boy 
Bobby C was on FIRE on this week's 
Official Promo Video for Northampton 
Drizzy crew! 
This is where I'll be on Sunday! Back for another Bank Holiday TURN UP with my 
When there is 
The reggae edition today on 
When travelling "Sweet Love" has been my anthem but thanks again to 
you can't start a 
Let's meet 
Our 
North East 
TONIGHT on 
Tonight's the night! 
Wild make up that actually survived the show! We danced in some 
The "Love So Soft" 
‘
Here for a good time, not a long time! Our pop blender is limited-edition! Tap link in bio to shop 
They're calling the color "Nirvana Blonde"—and we have all the secrets behind it 
Grateful for the millions of women who’ve stepped up this year to raise more hell. 


Adding some warmth to the morning by releasing the 
Keep the campfires going 
The issue of gender came up again... 
"I think a fight between 
"I don’t think 
How good does this sound off 
THE A TEAM 
Lightweight contender 
HIGHLIGHTS 
Wah bhai, shashkay! On fire on & off the field these days 
This campaign is bold AF 
Come meet 
My team lit
Check out my interview below with 
Young and Hungry - 
Well how did we get here?  
"Think about it & if you can't live without it, Don't let it go, take it home n build bricks around it" 
5,370m of LED strip lights, 5,101 hanging baubles, neon balls and stars, over 2,000m of sparkly vinyl, 3,555 vinyl stars, 382 rotating mirror balls, 62 bespoke wigs and 620 manicures on mannequins later and our Christmas windows are 
It's chilly con carne down at fortress peffermill but Edinburgh's attack is on fire 
On tonight's Total Tekkers we've got Billericay's 
Obviously 
4PM! 
New purchase! 
All I can think about is 
Mentorship abound!
You spice 
I feel like Nicki and Beyoncé are both about to drop that 
 with @ryanbrem on St. Kilda. Scotland raw and beautiful 
Train and play in style...
Our latest Velocita training range is now available 

Excited to have the award winning 
They’re fresh and 
New 
today's 
Go get our brother 
.. 
We have another 30 Huntsman Tees which we are doing for a special deal - ONLY £5 until Sunday 
Eh so now we have the daily 
The levels of sass in this vid
I can’t stop watching 
Damnn, You Girl!!
Giggs - Linguo feat. Donae'o (Official Video) 
 “got a carbon with your name on it” whew!! 
Riff 3x - Right Now’ by SremmLife Crew on 
 under rated  bruh imma link with him soon
If you hear Steel Banglez at the beginning of the song you might as well add it to your library cause it’s always gunna bang 
One of my ambitions for 2018 is to be in the same room as 
 Today we completed our seed funding!! - we'll be adding Designers, Photographers and Animators to Easle - Thank you all for your support!
 1 Leeds United 0
Barry Douglas 
See you soon people 
Well done boys. Great result and Tshirts look amazing 
Preview of what’s dropping for a local football team 
Justice League was tremendous 
Today’s 
damn ESPN already dropped the FSU-UF hype video 
ONE WEEK UNTIL 
Don't sleep on this one 
 incoming.

It's been an incredible 12 months for 
Gonna be a madness 
 thank the lord for o2 priority, this is going to be a madness
Solange posing in Calvin Klein's iconic logo underwear is everything 
Stay tuned for new project dropping this fall FIRE
“We don’t need to drag each other down.” — 
The turn and pass from Wilshere 
Y’all better respect my brother 
Check out the new sale on the 
Goal rush and match of the day 
Great away win from the boys, love a 1-0! @CharlieGrainger on 
The best on the market have released their new range, make sure you go and check them out 
Zaza on flames 
Good win last night, just what we needed , great goals 
Great win today , the lads were class, Especially the young lads!!! 
Yesss girlllll 
The official 
Just a friendly reminder that 
Icon Collection just dropped and it’s fire 
Check out my friend 
Tonight's gonna be 
Put a little more 
We've got the sauce. No ketchup, just sauce. HOT sauce.

Our Wild Bunch 8pk is FULL of hot sauces from around the world - perfect for setting your tastebuds on fire! 
We caught up with Kehlani at the 
MASSIVE thanks to our boys 
The mighty 
AYYYYYOOOO SQUAAAAD IT’S ABOUT TO BE LIT UP IN THE POP UP brooo... Exclusive merch..... Photo Ops.... Exclusive experiences.... EXCLUSIVE EXCLUSIVENESS.... Me and the fammmm Team 10
Killed it though.  Check out our insta story to see the 
Up next is my own recipe of the signature range Christmas pudding of 
"You must be ready to burn yourself in your own flame; how could you rise anew if you have not first become ashes?" Friedrich  Nietzsche 
Because that shit was 
I'll be doing meet at greets this weekend at both 
Villain Baseball tee hits 
We can't wait to see 
Come see me cause a spot of bother this weekend in Texas 
Last Night was 
Polaris is full of 
**OUR BRAND NEW SWEET TEA FLAVOR HAS ALSO BEEN ADDED TO OUR INDUSTRY LEADING POST WORKOUT CATEGORY!!
Because everyone at Max Effort is so excited about the launch of this flavor, we decided to give it to you for FREE! That's right!**

Head over and check out 
SHIP YOUR SACK FOR FREE!
USE CODE: FREESHIPPING at checkout to redeem today's special offer!! This will only be valid for domestic purchases!
Head over to 
**Build-a-stack today (Reg or XL) and receive FREE SHIPPING on your entire order!**
USE CODE: FREESHIPPING at checkout to redeem today's special offer!! This will only be valid for domestic purchases!
Head over to 
If you missed out on the LIMITED 

This week’s challenge is an underhand weighted pull-up hold!
How long can you make it?!
Post your attempts and make sure to tag 
**GET A FREE 
Our man 
Try out our Cinnamon Baking Mix today!!! 
Have you checked out our NEW apparel that is FREE with ANY Stack purchase?!
3 NEW T-Shirts and a NEW TANK!!!
Head over to 
Another INCREDIBLE picture of the transformation from the 
Tonight, we're at 
Straight 
Right on! Congrats! 
Aw dude. Thanks Ryan 
Nice meeting you Sam. Great jacket. 
Thanks to Raphael, Nicole, Leia and everyone at 
You and Cirra are a pair of sweethearts. A pleasure to meet you both! 
So much fun! Great meeting you General. Tell your parents they are cool AF. 
My Klingon heart hears the call of 
I wrote this article when 
Last day of honeymoon. Took the 1.5 hour ride to 
Because one Mitchum is not enough 
Fantastic 2nd half comeback falls 3pts short at Cal 85-82. We were on 
Brow Stylist Plumper + Total Cover Foundation = 
 - u10s exciting on the ball , Creativity , Flair and more megs through my legs than I care to mention ! Superb work 
I had a brilliant night at Linton RDC. The weather was cold but the boys turned on the fire in their sessions
The first of our U12s Reward Session tonight 
 WOW - that’s a great first touch Ellis. Can you try it now with your other foot? Progress 
Who is Ready For Nov 27 
Comment section on 
Giovinco scores a penalty again.....from 22 yards out. 
I think 
• THIS SATURDAY •

Catch me DJing 11-1 at 
This Saturday

Catch me DJing at 
JUST RELEASED! Very limited numbers of tickets for 
Big up Joe Payne, 17 
Catch Myself & 
CAR TALK 
Its a lunch kinda ting..
Vibes for the day 
TOMORROW NIGHT! 
Just got my tickets to see 
The Scottish crowds are magical. Edinburgh tickets nearly all gone, it’s gonna be a wild night 
This happened in downtown Philly tonight! 
Last night was 
I literally never wear caps but this piece of merch is 
NEW SLOWCOACHES SINGLE IS 
When you shell mic in Brighton with your best mate and Mungos Hifi 
The Sims 4 is now available on Xbox One thanks to 
Students
Come in from the cold and join us in our cosy Brasserie! 
This. Is. Atlanta. Public. Schools.  
2 min & 20 secs of 145 years of alum legacy! It's 
Like it spicy? Pepper glazed turkey meatball are 
New today on VRV: Lastman, our HarmonQuest NYCC Special, and Adam Savage's Armor Build 
Starting tomorrow, Firefox is fast again 
Welcome back for meat anytime 
Lovely to see you both 
It’s beautiful Tom, the chefs have made some really tasty stuff 
Great stuff! Come back soon 
New ep!
Way to go 
Ok I hear you 
Well HELLO! 
"Dude, don't make me go 'Altered' on your ass!" Altered Dank is 
Retweet for your chance to win one of these 
Where were you when AUSTRALIA SAID YES?! ON AN EMPTY PLATFORM WAITING FOR A DELAYED TRAIN! YES!!!!!! 
En route to football... Buzzing to be one of the first to sit in the 
Heading in to the weekend like 
We're excited to announce the return of Empire's monthly Body Rock Atx on Dec. 1st! This time we're partying harder than ever with a 2000s themed night featuring all of your favorite tracks! Get ready, ya'll! Ladies are free before 11! $7 all night. 
 GAMEDAY
Coming out to the game this Friday? 

Check out some 
Congrats to the 
Who’s racing who this year??? 
This camp is going to be 
Merci - thank you 
In case y’all missed the most lit dance of the year
 home opener tomorrow night in Bearcat Arena!! Join the party and help me welcome them back!! 
You've been missed 
Excited to be back here. I especially like the stadium section, great atmosphere! Let's go 
I wonder what the bartenders are cooking up for the next special menu? What ever this is it's(literally) on fire 
Announcing our 2018 home schedule - check out those matchups! 
What a way to end the week...thank you to 
Here are a few more from the firefighters visit today! 
True G.O.A.T shit 
  -  GOAT 2.0 Feat. wale
OUT NOW!!! 
Vocals 
Lit asf last night 
Jay doing “Nigga What, Nigga who” over “Thuggish Ruggish Bone” beat 
Thank you love! 
I’m back on E! this morning co-hosting 
How much time until kickoff? 
Thank you to the amazing group who toured 
No choice but to jump in the fire. photo 
Curry tasting with 
Grand Rapids was 
Antti Raanta gets the start tonight. 
my crew didn't disappoint... thank you all 
This collab!!!
it's out! retweet to spread the fire 
bout to b charLIT in North Carolina tonight 
Check out my newest release with the homie 
ATL - 
HYPE 
SAN DIEGO TOMORROW w/
She always fire but good lord
 just listen to that Walk. Gave me chills...
Tune into the L
's new song sounds like a heater 
Check Me Out.. "Still Think I'm Nothing" FT 
Did you catch 
big one tomorrow night at 
WE CAUGHT A BODY ON THIS ONE!! 

This visual is 
Kd Young Cocky - "Work For It"
How is it sounding? #
 When are you dropping this on Apple Music?! I need this downloaded on all my devices 
Keyshia Cole caught a whole entire vibe on this song 
a bit of pancake feet live at the paris show 
With no flame to guide my footing I lost direction along the way 
M O N D A Y
Lets go......my son... 
-3 
THE MOST ETHNIC THANKSGIVING EVER ON THE UNTITLED ACTION BRONSON SHOW 
listen to the new 
"Every child is someone's child you affi mind what you do, coz karma's gonna bring that drama back on you" 
sylar lit rn 
 smashed it 
WILD IN THE STREETS 
Another day, another 
Only 10 days left to get 
L.A FORUM! 
 LOW TIX WARNING! 
All new songs All new set 
You heard the guy! We KNOW 
Great show!!! More on Wednesday! Back at 
Jeremy Corbyn:
- Economic growth has been revised down!
- Productivity growth has been revised down!
- Business investment has been revised down!
- People-wages and living standards revised down!
"What sort of strong economy is that!" 
Just Announced: On Dec/9, CJ Fly —
Last night, 
We challenged Rafa to see how many consecutive putts he could make...

The answer: 27 from 27 
BESTIE goals 
Very lucky to have a cheeky sneak preview of some work-in-progress bits of this yesterday and me oh my was it 
We are hearing wonderful things from our 
What a review for our @char_layne  & 
We’re giving you a 
NEGL 
YES!!! 
Of course, 
Can't wait for tonight. Heading to 
Can’t wait for the show tonight 
Welcome to SA intl whisky folk! Looking fwd to dramming with you all at 
ATTICUS FIRE
Big fun in NYC last night! 
It's a cold one today. Come and warm up with a curry box from 
DON & HEX return with a PACKED show filled with exclusives like NOTHING NEW by DROPGUN Ft. KALEENA ZANDERS! 
Hexagonian 
Bring the house 
Japan was so sick 
This guy (
This week Don drops his upcoming single with A R I Z O N A and 2 tracks from our Generation HEX 006 EP! 
Shout out 
A million thanks to all of you guys 
TWBS x St. Vincent
We couldn't have had a better time playing with 
 I FEEL SO BLESSED and PROUD 20.000 people went completely BONKERS on my track 
Just 2 more editions of 
Now this is a 
Who is ready for ‘In The Air’ to drop tomorrow? 
MONDAY NEW MUSIC ON REVEALED ! 
Now online our liveset at 
 These are my fav Top 10 HOA tracks of last week! 
BRAND NEW REVEALED RESIDENCY!
Leeds have got one back at Molineux!

Alioski in on fire 
Shane Longgggggs on fire 
Warm up with red hot savings 
Table for two please! 
SOOOOOO CLOSE TO 4Milli 
Growing, growing & steady growing!!!! 
They stay lit and doing their own thing.
 Killa' Co Ord 
Petition to get 
 CROP HOT 
What a response from the boys! 2 wins from 2 at home and both clean sheets, get in and gedddonnn 
 Most league goals in 2017 (top 4 tiers; inc. P/Os):
87
A bit of 
Of all lies, 
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way 
Straight Off The Boat 
I'm one of the hardest, that's regardless
 music 
Tap in everything the boy 
"The words we speak are inherently political" 

Phenomenal evening in 
Ready for takeoff in Taipei with a 2 night sold out show ready to rumble 
Three more professional chefs have become MasterChef quarter-finalists...
Class last night was 
So shocked I have been offered a place on the Professional Dance & Musical Theatre course 
Just a couple of 
No words 
Another victory for hope, as 
The absolute beauty that is 
Can already tell it's going to be 
 New single dropping today (prod 
Awesome gig dudes 
It’s Bonfires day! Listen here 
Remember, remember the 5th November...because our video for Bonfires is out 
Live on 
And imagine that 
SOLD OUT 
back in may 
Tonight - it's free - there's free beverages - large up line up - do the math . 
Family in the building 
Check my yute 
1 week to go til this 
OH HEY IT’S POSSIBLY MY FAVOURITE PHOTO OF ME EVER! with 
Last year's Shotgun 
Man 
HERITAGE: 
Check out our updated Spotify playlist featuring 

Locked in 
saturday 
For the night! 
Listen back Meeks x 
 the free H album is just too fucking much 
New dope from 
Absolute 
Check out the debut single from 
First time behind the camera for 
Let it roll afterparty, let's roll! 
Big ups to 
This new 
Our first Little Tokyo Present night was straight 
The Session is out today Digitally and Vinyl is shipping now for next week! @synkrodub 
This weekend is going to be 
The long awaited "Transit" is finally here 
Playing in Bangkok in a few weeks 
Love this new 
1 of my fav 
More
THAT NEW NEW 
 are putting on another 
 Since it’s 
THE 
Yeah 
Young T and Bugsey on Let Me 
• yoooooo im gassed for this fam, this will blow up more than yo darlin rt 
 dropping in 3 days 
Young T ft Bugsey ♤ 4x4  
The soulful singer 
Yes Bristol! 1st December @ Lakota gonna pop off! 
We have some good news for all 
Big up to everyone that came to check the set at 
Tonight's set times 
POWERFUL 
Wanna say a very big thank you to everyone for your messages and love, I really appreciate. 
Let’s give them more music 
Looking back at it  our shows are very lit 
My set from the closing party at this years 
Manchester rapper 
evergreen jam ...wofe Dami duro ooooo ,then don't know 
Shutdown.... 
Part 2 coming real soon.. 
Guv - in the zone vol 3 ..... fuuuuuccckkk offfffffffff
The beauty of crew tings is flaunting your events for more reach! Yes yes my cosies people! Do da ting 
That's 
Turntable mastermind 
Artwork for 
Marvellous Caine - CB4 
Big tings a gwaaaaan 
whole set is 
Preview 3) WEEKEND - 
DNB Art Form going off in Nottingham.......


N.Y.E we 
Thank Anna Morgan & 
Rump widdii vyb 
If you haven’t yet.. make sure and check this one out ... 
Thank you to everyone who came and supported my Birthday Bash last night! What a night it was 
This is a bit mad, big tings
This 1s deeper 
Nearly at 
Tomorrow night we Takeover Rough Tempo with this massive line up!!!!

Hope your ready!!!!! 
March 3rd, the Drum and Bass Awards come to Starworks Warehouse
 to this classic mix from DJ BRYAN GEE 
This guy is always 
Drum and Bass Awards Returns in 2018! 
You don't understand how gassed I am to see 
Fed Baby’s is fuckin Flames 
Just announced: 
Some release day 
 - Telepathic Seduction | Out 27.10.17 
Close them fella!! 
GOAL!! 
 TONIGHT 
Tomorrow night: Guy Fawkes & Fireworks Boat Party + EGG LDN 
Next Move London date this month 10th November 2017
4th Nov Fireworks on The Thames on Guy Fawkes Night 
Excited to announce that London’s premier party starters 
Catch Drez 


Click the link to hear that good ish from crew member 
Big to 
Grime is back in 
When I hear 
Those Bantu tribal marks 
Click this link to watch  
  Rora They Burst me Die 
Burn some calories with 
Mad!!!
Any song Dotman drops I'm downloading straight up....i know it's pure 
 10/27!!!!!!
Get your ticket !!!
Maison
Another one 
Every damn day me and my goons...We they spend money like a politician 
 Man this ''MY WOMAN'' Song dey blow the girls dema brains o!!! The song dey bee pass...some all day vibe!!!
New single dropping Nov. 24th. Check out my other stuff on Spotify! Link in Bio! 
Babcock! King coal bout to mash up the place 
New song coming thru real soon (LIKE DAT) FT 
Fire
That new 
Over |
Another One!!!!!! Shatta Wale - Gallis Party 
December 1st 
She Go Like To Dey Follow Go 
Herh Guy 
 - Silence ft 
 thumbs up man

 sorry to disturb again but I'm jealous of your song writing skills
 Baby Girl
D-O Footwork Prod. by July Drama (Official Audio) via YouTube  >>> 
 knack them 
 at Soho this Friday! Mad Fuego ting 
Grand Theft Auto: Vice City map 
Hai mara 
Boss thanks a million 
Possibly the best live act I've seen 
 with the fire 
Maddd Jam!!! Chief Obi - Type of Woman 
“Type of Woman” Now available everywhere!! 
Gyal loving the 
These bars have to get pulled out every time 
NEW | 
 is on 
I just love to watch dj shabsy's mix on 
Absolutely! Defo 
When it comes to Flow Hard hitting lyrics and work rate check out 
Im looking forward to seeing you and 
Its set to be 
Ready for this. Set to be lit 
Yes my G. Minimal tickets left on a first come first serve basis. Its going to be lit 
28th January 
Lovely song guys u should play again,thanks
If you're in Southampton I'm performing on the buses on the Single Deck at 'Words on Wheels'… 
 Vibes on 
DBS - War [Net Video] out now 
Atch - hold it down [net video] out now 
Mitch (
Safone - Slice Of Da Pizza [Music Video] | P110 
When you want the night to last forever 
 - Take You Home is a R&B banger 
What beat should i 
Let’s All Shrug... 
J hus tour bus is levels 
My sound string up pon di lawn!
Beast in the 
“Dirty Sexy Money" by 
Sneak peak of 
 everywhere bang bang Rosco 
Tv show turn concert 
Mozzy - Dear Momma (Audio) ft. Tank, Celly Ru 
K Lizzy Ft. PAK-MAN - A Long Way 
Coldest opening 8 bar!!! 

S/O 
Look... 
FIA is 
 of the 
This needs a video asap! 
 24th of November 
A PLEASANT SURPRISE- 
It's coming soon
Money crush by 
Good music only! Support the brother 
Supreme Biggie... .Litty 
Get that new 
That reggaeton-inspired track off that new new 
I fucks Witt Young Boy 
New website online 
 by 
Yeap! We ready! Tune in to 
dEVOLVE Radio on now! 
Watch Full Video & Subscribe to ShawnStormVEVO Channel 
Full Song Available On All Digital Platforms 
  featuring 
This new track ya 
On a Mission to Fill Up Thika Stadium This 
Moombahton Made Me Do It 
 thanks for playing work from home by 
Let me tell y’all... 
Did you know that the Wednesday before Thanksgiving is statistically the most lit club night in the country? 
Go check out 
You gotta bounce with my girls 
A Very Jersey TGE 
Yo Sin Ti (GUALTIERO Remix) coming up!! 
Livin' by Alex Mali

Mad Love to 
I wonder what cassper will inspire ye to do next year. 
Training camp just got lit 
My teenage years wouldn’t have been as live without 
On the fly, had a great time shout out to 
Make sure you go buy tix for 
Missin that 
Tulsa tonight with 
Saturday in Tulsa is getting 
Dooooppppeeee
"Lions do not compare themselves to humans."

Zlatan at Manchester United = 
  from South Sudan and 
People should be proud of things they’ve accomplished not circumstantial things they were born into like race, gender, nationalism and religion. DO THE WORK & BURN ALL THE CARDS THAT YOU WERE DELT 
Tonight clubtribeka254 it's gonna be bosssa 
Who's been dubbin to 
This week las two tour dates. 
Paris on Friday and then Bilbao 
INSANE WEEKEND AT LONDON 

Didn't know how much I needed the 
Good mng jeshi ya GrandPa let's link up tonight frm 8pm at club tribeka as GrandPa Government is set to launch 
go GET TURNT on 
2nd night supporting 
 25 November

Just turned in the last release of the year for 
Leaving to Australia tonight! Beyond excited for my first tour down under 
 New EP out on 11/3 
2018 Are you Ready?! Going on the DATSIK NINJA NATION TOUR! Ready to hop on a bus with 
First up..

Going to be ONE HELL OF A TOUR!

Heres 
Happy Birthday Oliver Sykes 
I fucks with 
I got way too much on my fucked up brain, getting dumb drunk sippin on high octane 
Hacienda legend 
KAYZO & SLANDER - HOLY 
Pick up your new bangers from 
Bangalore it's an early one today at 
 okay so I just got off work and finally listened to Anarchy and SHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT SON 
 dude anarchy so fucking fire
ThiS is gunna be a madness !!!! 
Brisbane tonight w the dons 
 IN THE PIT OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO 
'Super 7 Volume 8' is LIVE 
Who still bumping that Super 7 Volume 8 thooo ?!?! 
New series ALERT
 super 7 volume 7 and 8, gives me life 
Tmrw gonna get UGLY in Huntington Beach!!! 
Last night was amazing 
Hometown LA show this friday 
Giving out a bunch of free 'Super 7 Vol7' limited edition bandanas on my Instagram rn!!! Go enter for your chance to win. V.8 drops tmrw !!
I present to you your  'Super 7 Volume 8' LINE-UP 
I smell Super 7 V.8 on the horizon verrrrrrrry soon.... big announcement thursday... who do you think is on this volume? 
Super 7 Records x 
SUBWAY XL VIBES!
LAST CHANCE!! SUBWAY XL13 LINE UP - LIKE, TAG, SHARE & WIN 30 DRINK TOKENS!
SUBWAY XL13 LINE UP - LIKE, TAG, SHARE & WIN 30 DRINK TOKENS!
Listen back for the next 30 days & full tracklist on BBC Radio IPlayer

>>> 


You know 
You never disappoint. Love the new track, bringing the weekend in right! 
Banging night on Sunday at 
Officer C & Officer K on duty 
 TOMORROW 
Pre-Black Friday
Limited Time Only 
Pre-Black Friday SALE just dropped! 
 edit from 
Get it while it's hot 
Llego 
This kid 
This kid is nasty 
Tampa AM is bouta be 
Justin Eldridge - Holy Ghost Prod. By 
DETROIT let us light this night on 
NYC, Thursday, Nov 16! I’m doing an hour at the 
THE PERILOUS NIGHT 
That's a wrap 
Comin in hot Kilter 
  ACTION cures impostor syndrome 
Summer's great drama is here. 
 The countdown to 
Our new season is on 
 cover of 
 Congrats! We’re thrilled to say that you’ve been nominated for peta2's Hottest Veg Celeb of 2017 
We put together this intimate STRICTLY UNDER 18 show for all of you who aren't old enough to come to our tour next month! Tix on sale now 
So stoked to announce that we'll be supporting 
Who's excited to hear our cover of 
[Woman from Coach uses First Class bathroom]

Man: "This bathroom is for First Class only."

Woman: "I am First Class. My God don't make second class."

[mic drop]
I always knew 
Ronnie O'Sullivan is on 
Remember, Remember... the best show I saw at Edinburgh 2017. Guy Fawkes It Up - like 
How things go down on a Wednesday night 
Settings once again 
West coast
God damnit THIS album  
We loved helping out tonight at Shorefields School Low-Noise Firework display! 
Surfs up and so is the Fro 
Best way to start 2018? On the slope. 
Is Nov 20 in your diary? Our Sync Conference returns with 
Will, YOU are on 
We saw a lot of grass fires over the weekend 
Josh Braun for three!! 
-UCCU Crosstown Clash 
My dawg don't be playing! 
COMING VERY VERY VERY SOON!!

sole__candy 
COMING SOON!! 
Proud to have 
They killed it 
Boom!!
What a first inning!
Get it while it’s hot: 50% OFF pizzas. 
"THERE'S GONNA BE A SHORTAGE OF TOILET PAPER HERE IN WINSTON SALEM TONIGHT!"


THE REAL 
More from the 
Most fun I've had in a training sessions in a long time. These guys were lit 
Takeaway, touchdown. 
There's only one way to describe 
“Storms are real and storms come, but not even storms cannot prevent the purposes of God!” 
That’s it, 
“If coffee were a man, it’d be a black man...” 
The incomparable Sharon Irving & Brandon Grissom 
That 9-1 MOOD. 
Jordan Howard...WOW 
Is there any crazier way to score your first two career TDs than 
Hitting some high notes in today's session, think it must be the heat 
FBU at Last Chance U 
Mondays Mexican Madness.
 here at the 
First batch of support acts for the tour 
Get in before it is too expensive. 
O N  T O U R 
It's a wrap!
Our brunchers - the best in the World !
Thank you Rodney P, Swiss, Blàk Twang, Dj's Viraj, Lewis Player, Policy & Fricktion 
bars lol... when your son has homework and needs motivation hahahah... 
A small preview by 
Big W 4 Lady Cougars! They were 
 new french fries so fire 
Hurry sis 
 FLAMING HOT! NEW VINTAGE ARRIVALS JUST HIT THE SITE! 
So many men, so little time! 
Catch the ball, kick the ball... CAA champs 
Indiana just revealed these super 
SHOUT OUT to the Film Crew for getting it done today in the bad weather! 
They want me gone,
Out of the picture.
Bury me now and I only get bigger
Friday isn't about Finishing - it's about building! 
Yeah!!  So awesome!  Keep it going 
Jack-Jack is back! 
Three more points for us! 
Thanks for voting me 
Final preparations for 
We keep on rollin' 
4/4 
The unbeaten run continues!!! 
A long night at the Etihad with a happy end for us 
Matchday! 
7-2 
We have to please everyone! Stay tuned for your era! 
Collin Hinds you play wicked tunes yeah! 
The Captain 
Keep up the heat 
Another day of hard work on the road to recovery 
 LIT
Great great great win guys 
This Rookie/Sophomore game on ESPN is lit right now 
While we're young - jhene aiko .... 
Always keep the people pumping, 
BANG! That's how you bounce back.. Different class to a man.. Helped by our unbelievable fans! 
This Saturday is basically a holiday!! 11/11 is going to be LIT 
HALLOWEEN GIVEAWAY: CSGO vs PUBG
California was 
 listening to 
Pull Up n Wreck 
Go off den 
Jhené brought 
Luv u bro 
That shit 
GGWP 
What a performance from 
"Done went to Africa, talked to the have-nots.
Donated some uniforms, teach 'em how to have Guap"


His craft BEEN mastered 
Bumpin’ 
Omggg listening to 
Nah cuz this deserves a grammy 
This shit run 
 - Legend (Intro) to hear that hard ass drop and then Blind Sight 
This shit fye 
Day 2 of 
You deserve it champ! Play hard!


Team Skyfire signs 
Guess what? Another KHRN highlight! This guy is on fire today 
Leeds crew...

This Saturday we head north to 
 How good are these 
JUST ANNOUNCED: 
THAT SUPPORT 
Friendly reminder
Go pre-order our new album now!  WET: The Wonderful Ego Trip drops November 24th! 
WET: The Wonderful Ego Trip Tracklist 
We decided to drop the album on the most egotistical holiday of the year.  The soundtrack to people fighting over bullshit. 
WET: The Wonderful Ego Trip will be released on November 24th, 2017 on all streaming platforms. 
What an exhausting and awesome day 0 of 
This is our schedule for today! Both games are BO3. Get hyped 
serious price drop on the off-white Drift Tank in my web store. perfect for those 
Cant fucking believe it, my team is insane 
SEMIS 
2-0 vs 
GAME DAY. Playing FaZe in a bo5 for the trophy today, make sure to tune in!

2-1 vs SK-Gaming. One more to go! Lets do this
16-11 vs 
It's getting hot in here! 
Forgot how great 
Omw to Copenhagen and 
THE DEFINITION OF CLUTCH PLAY! 
Burst.... BANG! BANG!
 was...
 (⌐▨_▨)
...lit
MANGAL MONDAYS | WEEK 2 | 
The wait is almost over...

It's Game Day 
After that late tipoff, we’re guessing the coffee is flowing this morning like those Joel and Kenny 3s 
Fantastic 
Exploring the city in comfort and warmth thanks to Skechers on-the-GO City 2 - Bundle 
 I can already see the airwaves , every shop every stereo every girl every boy playing this track. From the Cape to Cairo 
YoungstaCPT probably dropped the hardest verse in the rap industry in S.A this whole year wow 
Hardest rap verse on South Africa dropped by 
Some game
We're the official 
New collab with 
WIN 2 ticks to see 
this is vegan 
don’t ask me what i’m doing from 1 January 2018 though, cos i have no idea 
T-MINUS: 20 MINUTES!
last night at 
I’m back in JHB tomorrow to play at 
Berkshire sausage roll with a fried duck egg and brown sauce. Mega brunch dish 
What a lovely day and 
I need the fastest boots in the game, always. Love this new colour! 
Hey there, check out our new account! Give 
When your 
Just like fire, burning up the way, if I can light the world of up for just one day 
Get interactive with 
We just can't deal with how 
Son on song. Tottenham on fire. 
Come hang & kick off the holiday season with the Wethos team! We're gifting some free 
Without Warning // 
Don't judge a book by its cover 
New Money Honey and Rushing Fall. Back-to-back 
Nanoosh wins race 4 at KEE! Cool, funny horse! Another 2YO winner for Paynter! Starting to 
 THE  BEARD 
 on fire at 
Exciting things ahead... can't wait to share with you all 
Massive thanks to everyone who came to our Halloween Party last night! Costumes were on point! 
Jess is serving Donal Trumpkin realness for our 
Halloween House Party Saturday is going to be 
NO OFFERS!! NO WORRIES!!
AR Next Level and AR Elite 100 are joining forces!!
Can't wait to play  
So glad I got in the car at the exact moment 
Mason Wins 
Got a peek at the new line dropping Monday from 
Still laughing...genius 
World Series champion 
New HOVA is gonna be 
 GIVE IT A play
Best duo in college basketball?? 
Smoke show 
That coat is 
Had a great time visiting Valdosta State today 
We're still dreaming about the cocktails and pastries 
Winter is the time to bring the fire. New 
A young 24 year old 50 cent spitting some fire before he was famous 
This is going to be 
Stay play dream 
Tonight we recap a momentous 
 new track alert. Somebody sign this kid, got out of work and started to bang my new favorite track. @ Adam B you on 
Today is the first ticket pickup for 1831 week!! 


DeShaun Watson showing a glimpse of Mike Vick in him. 
these 
Day 1: 
When you’re 
With this awesome line-up Spinnin' Sessions at TDME 2017 can't be anything else than LIT 
Still can't believe what an INSANE line-up we had at our incredible Spinnin' Sessions party at ADE 2017 
Joe Stone is bringing the heat in tomorrows guestmix 
Throwback to Spinnin' Sessions at ADE 2017 last week when 
It’s early here in California but already feeling like it’s gonna be 
These new 
Shout out to these beautiful women representing 
The band and I are looking forward to seeing you soon Australia x 
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% off SITE WIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
 listen to my b2b set with 
 always brings the 
Keeping up with the Joneses at 
THANK YOU EDC ORLANDO !! 
Their chemistry is intense! 
NEW Exclusive Arrivals 
If you haven't already check this amazing piece of work by officialprincecharlez  
Now this is what we call a BAM! 
This is actually decent! You got yourself a regular listener my guy 
This guy is on 
Learn how 
Sizzlin' Sunday! The A5 wagyu from @kaiseki_yuzu is cooked on a sizzling salt block. Are you kidding me!?! 
Could 
ICYMI: "Insecure in the House. Amanda seales so funny . Total blackout tour. DC first show was 
Insecure in the House. Amanda seales so funny . Total blackout tour. DC first show was 
CHECK OUT THE NEW 
You are welcome and that pun is 
We can't WAIT to have 
 -Shaq Coulthirst - 
 Dani for 
Preview of the gorgeous IVONA 
  3 effective ways to really optimize you brand's Twitter presence: 
The night before Thanksgiving... one of my favorite nights of the year...
Loved every moment of this 
Overjoyed to see this news! 
Girls/Boys... doesn’t matter... fear nobody
Today’s meeting 
Delighted to announce that 
Sun drenched 
Sunday morning 
The Five Four x Nick Wooster collaboration is pure 
DUFFYS ON FIREEEE 
New t-shirts have just dropped in the online store. 
Outstanding effort from the 
It’s going down 
Live at 8 tonight 
Back on the radio this friday with 
Love it you three 
This guy is on flames 
The most recent Pentagon Faceslap shoe on 
Killer 
About to go & collect my iPhone X 
Ha 
Who's a fan of fire bars? Check out our pick of the top lyricists performing their poetry very soon 
Catch us live in Milton Keynes this Friday alongside 
I've got some proper lovely HipHop for tomorrow at 
Audience member asks 
I buzz off dembele he is so good. Just glides past players 
Yes you do
We signed the poet, wordsmith, MC & legend 
Next Level isssh!!! What a madness from 
Need to hit up 
Straight FIRE 
Sneak preview of "Secret Venom" taken from my forthcoming "secrets ep' on 
You can't deny that 
And the grooviest tune of the year award goes to Bunker by 
Incoming! Final touches on brand new music from 
Big weekend incoming. Off to Tallinn to play for the 
Bounce Back de AWWZ y Demmy Sober en 
I’m lit, lit, literarian 
Light the flame with us 
Oh yes, Oh yes!
Mr. Carl Cox 
Early Bird Tickets for Sonus Festival 2018 are sold out! 
Pan-Pot's set back in August was pure 
What a set Solomun (Official) 
Blue planet II is
so ready for the next 
The trio with their medals! 
What an epic day! 
Great work this! McNeish family on 
Our hot
Record Fast quali laps this year in Macau both on 2 & 4 wheels.

Newsflash: Three day 
For those you haven't seen it yet, here's today's 
Prepare yourselves for tomorrow's 
Big birthday shout out to 
A must read by Sportswriter of year 
Who's managed to get their hands on one of our Rope T-Shirts? 
Looking fresh doesn't mean you can't still be FILTHy. 
 is BACK with fire breathers
 Lots of places in Laravel that accept callbacks will also accept a dot-notation string.

Perfect when you're just doing something simple and PHP's verbose closures are making you sad 
For The Love Of Two-Strokes Ep.2 has dropped. Awesome 20-minute edit... 
 For The Love of Two-Strokes – Ep.2 coming soon
Boss model Erica Correa is 
knit hot 
Latest paper: 
Latest paper: Acute 
Latest Paper: 
Hot Topic 
Cant wait for this 
SUCH a good day of content filming with 
Last night on the Practice Grounds 
"Don't" by 
Thank you to everyone who volunteered @ the bonfire 
Darwen’s biggest Bonfire is ready for tonight! 

Some more from tonight’s Halloween Bonfire 
Massive big up to 
 that midday mix was a madness 
Tonight was LIT 
Come see us mash up 
Myself & 
  was by far one of the best sets I've seen this year pure 
'Flashback to Devils Paradise...' 
The power was on fire there 
Here's your sneak peek at Most Rated 2018 thanks to 
Bristol people (and beyond), come join us on the 30th Nov 
Wow....  amazing night at the super cool 
This was the amazing British artist 
You have just heard the amazing artist 
These cocktails 
Seanie maguire with another goal for Preston !! The man is on fire 
Dr K will be returning to 
Never forget when Thiago ended careers 
This lucky fan is taking home 
19: GOAL!
Pat's 0-2 Cork.
Kieran Sadlier with one of the goals of the season! 
Absolutely outrageous from 
New Releases just keep getting better and better!! 
 ure interview on Freshbreakfast was 
Also great to see 
Buzzing to be back at Deepdale tomorrow and looking forward to wearing the new kit! 
Never been an overall 68 
We are igniting the spark at the kickoff camp 
Top away win from the Boys
Top win , we keep the momentum going! Boys on 
Half-time scores from across Europe! PSG are on 
The 97 has taken over for the LehighU Snapchat account on your favorite day of classes: ECO FLAME! 
Fire the catapults and prepare for the coolest Snowball
Let's check on Doug McDermott...

Yep still 
This entire thread is 
I gotta say, I don't think I've heard one bad track come out of 
Script Bird! 
Smoke Brisket.  Not Drugs 
What are YOU doing tonight? Join 
Cruiser Update: You'll find me 
Hit em with the custom last night. 
 just got a little bit more lit 
Currently unconcerned with the weather cause this Plan B-Rito is 
Man this goes
S/O to my 
We’re ecstatic to announce our 2018 signees! Welcome to the Flames Family! 
SEMI-FINAL
The aftermovie of the 
Label bosses 
Who's coming to party with us? 
LINEUP ANNOUNCEMENT
Just checked out my brother 
 to an inspirational night that was so 
 You guys ready to Smash 
 you were by far the best set there this year 
Check out this banger 
Already over 800.000 followers on our official 
Happy Birthday my brother 
Orlando will be fire 
Looking forward to  
BOSS 
 My new track ‘Get Over It’ is coming out the 10th of November!!! 
ADE was 
In terms of bootlegs this one takes the cake imo. So fcking gooodd 
My remix of ‘Song goes off’ by 
Woohoo! New weapons are about to be cooked
Flying out to Vegas tomorrow for a weekend in the studio with my bro 
Certain Club in Amsterdam tonight from 00.30-01.00 
 Are U Ready for the new 
This remix man 
Awesome remix, fire up 
Pleasantly surprised at how sick 
Still can’t get over how good 
last 2 days were absolutely crazy! vegas and washington dc. 
 on fire with 
 Man, really.. I am listening to "The Secret" right now for the first time. AMAZING. Capolavoro incredibile! Continua così 
Whoop :D

Happy to announce that my track ''Don't Stop'' with 
So good bro's 
New Music Preview 
' mixtapes have always been 
Featured my new track Don't Stop in this weeks Fanfare! 
London this week! Who's coming?! 
These moves are lit! 
Andrew Rayel - Mass Effect!


Dernier GIG en Bretagne !!! Don't miss it ! 
Stuck on Stupid 
Produced By 
I want to hear what artist are next ? @ me some 
Go support this 
New release on SHOWLAND available NOW! 


Soon on SHOWLAND! 


 is dropping nothin but pure 
 'Pop Dem Bottles' hands down one of my favourite tracks ATM. Goes off everytime in the club! 
It’s heating up at 
 's remix of 
 This crowd reaction to 
 brought the heatttt. 
 fuck this shit go hard
C4 + 
I was so hype listening to this set at the gym 
Now at 9:41 and it’s been fire so far. 
 your EDC set was dope af! Straight 
'Stacks' out now on 
MY LIVE SET FROM EDC ORLANDO IS UP ON SOUNDCLOUD NOW!!! 
man the amount of heat 
 s/o 
Fresh off her 
Just refreshed my Spotify playlist with some new 
[PREMIERE] Banger remix from Kovaxx off Nonfiction & Thomas Garcia's EP on House Of Hustle 
The single with "Flava" with Date Night featuring me is out!
Let us know what you think 
BIG news 
HUGE SHOW COMING UP! 


Always wanted to fire and water bend at the same time 
No joke. Three scripts in and all three have been absolute 
This is... WAREHOUSE 
NI DE COÑA BY 
New Drop. Pardon My French 
Uno Dos Tres 
Been looking forward to this starting 
The hype is real 
Star wars battlefront 2 tomorrowwwww 
Coming up today on youtube !! 
You just killed it at 
Last gig of ma little Asian tour tonight !! Excited for 
So good legend! 
Wooop !!! This is going to be 
3 straight months of a MILLION dollars or more in sales. We’re so proud of y’all. 
 for what you need 
Team looking 
Now turn the fuck up 
Ole mate 
 tonight: Sugar Bones from 
 BODEGA JACK
Listen to the new 
 Ayeee 
mood 
Repeat 
Marvelous day// 
 X Marvelous day
Fuckin w this 
TRAINING CAMP: DAY 5
ICYMI: 17pts last night for 
ATTN AUS! 
 HALFTIME 
Blowin' up 
Holy moly! 
This hit hard
EMCPlay 2016 was 
Because librarians are the bomb
Some upcoming 
Travelling at over 200km/hr with 
NYC tomorrow gonna be a movie 
Today gonna be 
Go check out the homie 
DROPPING AT 7PM 
Go to our website to see when and where the upcoming tryouts will be for the 2018 
TB12 is READY! 
 Long May We Reign 
Mob Squad was out today! 
J.T. Miller is going to sign this 
After 1, we're tied at 1! 
BYU came to shut it down 
So after cracking 
Teuvo Teravainen was on 
 Eve 
Sixers' new intro video is 
11:12 1st | Gaels 21, Spartans 15

Gaels off to a 
Series sweep + CHA Weekly Honors sweep = 
PART 2 of the video 
Just got to see Saturday HL Reel of 
These quotes from 
AND WE GO IN AND OUT OF LOVE. 
 FIRE TRACK
October 2017 was ANOTHER month above average for global temps  
Our community rocks! Thanks for spending time with our family today and helping us kick off National Fire Prevention Week. 
Radar doesn’t lie. Shane McClanahan sitting at 97 on scout day 
What happens when you get a bunch of 
A chance to meet your favorite 
Enter NOW for a chance to win an exclusive pregame meet and greet with us presented by 
Enter NOW for a chance to win an exclusive pregame meet and greet with 
say what you want about taylor but her new album is brutally honest and you can’t deny it’s fun to try to figure out who all her songs are about. 
Choo choo, on the train to 
This choir is 
Get a great sear on your 
The secret to a great sear? The right amount of heat. 
My Dawg x 
New favorite band is 
HERE IT IS ... The official music video of my NEW single 'Lights Down Low' feat. 
7 years ago today, Kanye West released ‘My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy’ featuring the tracks ‘Monster’, ‘Power’, & ‘Runaway’ 
CONEY ISLAND (Music Video) OUT NOW LINK IN BIO.  
 Day 1. Already fantastic! 
Turnt at 10am. 
Thanksgiving Eve at Saucony Creek Brewery + Gastropub is going to be 
Those 
THANK YOU UC RIVERSIDE!!! you guys were incredible, what an end to the Animals Wanted tour 
830 tonight riverside 
Exclusive merch for sale at our Black Friday Pop-Up Sale at 
We got two BRAND NEW colour variants for you! Get them while they're hot 
What a week! From our lecture with Shane Ortega, Scotty's Birthday, our R'Pantry Drive, to our spectacular Bonfire 
It's a Bonfire, turn the lights out! Join us for a time you won't ever forget about! Come to Lot 19 by the Softball Field TONIGHT from 6pm - 10pm to get in on the heat with a live set by Elephante, FREE In-N-Out, fireworks, and more! 
BONFIRE IS THIS FRIDAY
College Thursday Night! 21+ Get In FREE! 
Tyler Hall alert 
A lite 56 tho 
Hey guys! We've been long overdue for a mix, so here's one with some oldies, newer tracks, secrets, and a lot of 
These pics I took of 
Fun fact our offices also have a wood fire 
Oh hell yeah! New @i_ducket 12" on 
Sunday, Beach Stage, 2pm 
New single out now 
 "clap your hands" 
No woman would ever be dumb enough to procreate with me but BY GOD IF THERE WERE... 
Just checked out 
Loving this 
Migos was super lit last night 
Coming up on OTH: Reed, DJ, Quinn, Romberg, Antrel, & Peter talk Miami vs Notre Dame 
Tomorrow. Ed Reed, DJ Williams, Antrel, Romberg, Peter Ariz, & Brady Quinn. 6:30-8pm at 
Let’s be having you Sheffield, join us on our final show of 2017 along with your very own steelers punk band 
Feeling fiery as we announce our Hottest Band of '18! Yes.... 


Check out what we got up to on the fuelling the fire tour 
This'll be a hoot. 
 Waiters win the double spin move and dish! 
Join OTH and get 10% off of 
Our new brunch menu is 
This week our rib eye steak & ale pies are made with 
Ok you really deserve that vote NOW! 
These seed projects by 
Get together with fellow meat lovers to celebrate our rich red meat, speak to our Farmer Ian, watch a butchery demonstration, speak with our Head Chef and tuck into a 5-course tasting menu 


Rise of the 
The next Biggie Smalls 
Game winning field goal? 
Aw yeah. Thanks so much for including us as one of the hottest startups in NYC, 
Who else was 
Just another reason to look forward to the weekend. RETWEET if you want a pair 
Yesssss 
Ladies and Gentlemen! Behold! One of our festive offerings, at the all new Winterville on Clapham Common. Starting next week, see you there! 
 received five 
It's time to shake things up in my Latin Lady collection! ⠀
Celebrate your curves in red-hot cerise with a passionate pattern and shake those fringes! Wear my Latin Lady collection to light your inner fire 
Big up to the 
New mixtape heat from 
fair play to 
Get on this hot hot heat from WTTG! 
TWO BIG GIGS THIS WEEKEND
Friday 8th December we've got 
Not long until we have the finest RnB, Hip Hop, Garage & beyond from 
Game of Thrones has been the best TV show I’ve ever seen 
GOT SOME FUCKING HEATERS ON THE WAY 
OUT NOW: 
Ayyy man like 
It’s a Jay-Z ting this weekend with Hov going down at Fri Fri. Come through - it's going to be lit. 
It’s time for 
Big poster Big parties !

"The crowd was amazing, one of the best" dixit _recondite_ 

Liège you BURNT 
Showcasing two hot talents on 
Shoutout to my g 
Yo any of you twitter guys produce New Wave/ Chill Trap/ Lo-Fi??? Looking for best makers that are on this level and make straight 
Yup yup 
Why all ur songs banging af 
This is so 
Let’s get this to 1 million plays! 
Coming up at 11pm it's 
Coming up later on 
EPIC GIG ALERT: 
Killer session tonight with 
Who’s she ? She’s 
In 2002, Opening Ceremony created its first logo, a nod to the Olympics and its ethos of global exchange. Today, Torch is here
This album 
Made a slapper with 
A Boogie Somebody 
Y'all I just heard 
Somebody 
Goodbye America - 
New album has a final release date! ~ 26th of January, 2018 
FuK 
This Friday dropping my first set at the 
Retweeted conor magavock (
Coming soon on 
Just been sent a rocking new track idea from Jose Nunez for our next collab! 
Out now
 was honored to sit down with 
Tooooo much 
00:00 - 01:00 GMT


Tonight we have tunes from 
These remixes are 
Remix alert! 
Boom! We just dropped two MASSIVE joints from Aussie badman 
Don't sleep on this belter of a release! 
That was magic! 
My bro is shining good! 
My new track is out TODAY!! Shout to those supporting and grabbing their copy!! 
Live in Liverpool tonight with 
December's 
Ran into 
Defected Croatia crew...


My favourite MC. Lightyears ahead 
Just Announced 
16 tickets left!
Last hour in the WF HH Arena was PURE HYPE, on set with most famous 
I can't wait for tonight Antwerp is going to be scenes 
Working around the clock to make this happen, get ready for some rough sounds and crossfade wars with 
Friday night live we’re back on the south coast for RELIGION can’t wait to bring the noise and hype with 
Saturday main stage was LIT! 
Oiiiiiiiiiiiiii that 
Oiiiiii new promos I just got from 
Hello Twitter its been a while

We have been so busy

Catch our next two events Curse of the Castle & One Big Nye 
Huge thanks to Foreverland for putting on and getting me involved for their amazing events! 
Behind the scenes on 
My remix of No Love by @volac_official coming soon.... 
Dropping a Black Friday 50% OFF discount in our web store tomorrow eve 
New Kendrick Re-rub from Neon Steve just dropped for free over on our SoundCloud 
4 huge syncs landed this month for Punks Publishing 
Sheffield tonight 
Holy shit album is looking 
Man like Joshua Smashing it! 
Bournemouth tonight! Get fucking ready 
Technimatic (Shogun Audio-London, UK)
Been working on a collab with an international artist today. This is HUGE! Can't wait to show you guys 
OUT NOW!


New chart featured on the Breaks and Bass pages on 
Saucy Records crew going in heavy on 
Every time I hear the kick I go... 
Every time I hear the snare I go... 


PURE FIRE
If you haven’t got a copy yet your missing out! 
Bad Habits (with 
Still buzzing from Qlimax!  

This is Sub Zero Project & Ecstatic - Tba
Matt Watkins & BYNDED 
HAECHI bringing us the 
Back at The Hard Dance Factory to shock your senses! 
Happy to announce that I will be back at Reverze for the 3rd time in a row! 
Kyrie cooked the whole team 
"Get on them coals girl..." 
Dappy - Straight Facts, every time I listen to this I appreciate just how amazing it is, pure class 
 Great set tonight 
North East 
 Our 
Painting 
Rai-Elle is 
Today I got a secret package from 
Form too hot to ignore! 
Her bodYAY slayin 
i got my money up but i still be depressed 
Being an SA boy at heart, hope the crows get up and 
 keep going 
We been telling em 
The world seeing it 
I’m with You.. I still need these uptempos too. Now I see why god told me be still when them gold joints dropped last Thursday. 
 hackney tix bought ayyyoo 
I appreciate the homie 
WHERE WERE YOU when 
Summer's great drama is here. 
Great win by 
Her latest work on our Instagram is 
By WSJ standards, this is a 
Tonight's show is going to be awesome! 
I'm on my NY shit.... 
That first 
 is the #1 Friday party in NYC 
 Nothing but Hits 
Manya on repeat
Watch Full Video & Subscribe to ShawnStormVEVO Channel 
Full Song Available On All Digital Platforms 
New Music Friday is 
The best of the best, right at your fingertips. 

Check out some of this week's 
New Freezer video FINALLY HERE!! 
Pull Up n Wreck 
Go off den 
Jhené brought 
Luv u bro 
That shit 
Go check out 
Big crowd in 
New ep!
I think I need a foursome, Bella, Kendall, Gigi
It'd be easy if Reneezy hook it all up on the leezy  
This is gonna be a banger
 Out Now
IT'S TIME 
LNFL is an instant classic 
Yooo 
People need to stop sleeping on wiz newest album 'laugh now, fly later' bc it's fireee broo 
Coming up at 11pm it's 
We've got 
Take off your jackets, turn on your radio and get comfortable because Big Shaq is on with 
Laugh Now, Fly Later 
brand new sono 
Btw: 
"You got the moves, you got the moves" 
What a show this was 
Satsumas and watermelon are best fruits goin 
When you shell mic in Brighton with your best mate and Mungos Hifi 
Eh so now we have the daily 
The levels of sass in this vid
I can’t stop watching 
Damnn, You Girl!!
Danny Brown is looking 
Oh looky here. 
2 nights at the Roxy! HUGE wkend 
Thank you Copenhagen! What a night ...rolling 4hrs with 
Tbt to that night 
Tune in folks! 
Getting my shit together for another 
The consistently amazing 
Perth was fire 
'PRESSURE' hits LDN tmrw nit. Myself ft 
Pure filth....
AA side of  my new single on 
oiii that set was 
YOWWWW 
I agree 
Ayyy! That's the best way to do it 
Killed it 
Yooo!! It's a movie baby 
Ayyyy!! 
 - u10s exciting on the ball , Creativity , Flair and more megs through my legs than I care to mention ! Superb work 
 this will be 
my new fave 
 all roads for 
So much amazing music out there at the moment... 
Keeping up with the Joneses at 
Was great to meet 
 new tune "The Issue" unbelievable lads 
Getting a LOAD of hype for our new single on 
Coming this Friday!!!

"You done fucked up my denim with all this make up, girl you fucked up my pillows with all your make up" Jacquees KILLS this freestyle 
Trance Wax set last week at 
Check out my new 
OUT NOW on 
Honored to release my 17th track on 
yo 
Salah is the man 
DAYYYYYYYM...that double patty cheese melt 
waaaaaaaaaaah 
 this is pure gold 
So honored to be part of this!  Congrats 
 releases new documentary 'Above Ground Level'. More information: 
TWO BIG GIGS THIS WEEKEND
Obviously 
Trust me when I tell you 
Body - 
Pure 
 keepin it 
New Year's Weekend is about to be LIT! 
NEW MUSIC ALERT! 
It's a 
 to the Hype rounds! 
Our bredda 
 - ain't it 
Thank you to 
This new 
I’ve been traveling for months and now it’s finally almost over. Can’t wait to get back in my studio to give y’all new flames 
BANGER ALERT
That new .
I NEVER DOUBTED YOU 
Only bangers from you guys 
“We don’t need to drag each other down.” — 
Just launched today newrepublicman Chelsea boots 
Are you ready for our next outing 
Make it out 
Game of Thrones has been the best TV show I’ve ever seen 
The timeline of 
I am broadcasting on live.ly. Join and chat with me now! I AM TALKING ABOUT 
TONITE 
 signed to the streets 2.5 
Russ killed it 
This one is forthcoming and we are starting the year with a bang at 
We’re giving you a 
do yourself a favour and order that new 
The OG homey RAW aka 6Blocc crushing out in#brooklyn on the 
Tonight!! We go BUMP in the Night!! 
Creation Global [Chicago] 
10 Days to go until 
damn ESPN already dropped the FSU-UF hype video 
Definitely will be copping some more FG gear this year! 
Go peep the firrreeeeee 
Go listen to it 
Love you cuz fr man 
 Classic 
UK's 
CHECK THE VIDEO!

 The brand new 
The video is out now
A$AP Ferg - East Coast ( 
Ummmm 
maddd 
Check this months pod  yet ....  2 hours of 
 to this classic mix from DJ BRYAN GEE 
 REVIEW 
:: FEATURE :: 
Happy for 
No choice but to jump in the fire. photo 
 <—— this dude up next!!!! 
 Apocalipsis x 
 PREMIERE 
One of the 
NEW!! Hitman - Come Through FT Vader x Realz [Music Video] - 
New dope from 
Jeeeeeez, last night was f-cking nuts..lol. Me, 
That new 
Yooo catch us on 
Heavyweight session with 
Takeova party 
Less than 200 tickets left! Not long to go 
Next dance with 
Check out my Born on Road family live for the next few hours! 
What an amazing week – 
Tomorrow night: Guy Fawkes & Fireworks Boat Party + EGG LDN 
Next Move London date this month 10th November 2017
4th Nov Fireworks on The Thames on Guy Fawkes Night 
Buy your tickets for tonight at 
You can still get your Season Passes to enter for FREE all nights at 
 Hmmmm Issie weer: “Faberyayo's Yaynews - Issue #16” 
THANK YOU to everyone who came to the show at 
MORE SHOWS ADDED to the Marching Orders Winter Tour! We've added 
Been waiting for it 
Teaming up with 
Check out Joel Abad's killer 
 Hot off the press: “Have you seen your new profile page?” 
 Drop everything and read this now!  “Five Things - Issue #7” 
 Hot off the press: “Revue is one of the 
Listen to our new song ROOTS PARTY, watch the lyric video at 
 Hot off the press: “How To Look At Art (Memes)” 
 Hot off the press: “When You Bring New Yorkers to Boise, Idaho” 
Huge thank you to 
Ro Hempel Band warming things up for 
Dope band in Orange County 
 in Denver at 
 in Colorado Springs at 
 in Boise at 
 in Sacramento at 
 in San Francisco at 
taco eclipse of the 
Running the show 
Are you making the most of our 
Thinking of switching from Chrome? Read this from 
 Introducing our 2018 
Fireside jams before last night's Caravan to WonderGrass Farm-to-Fret dinner at 
 7 Killer Copywriting Hacks from 
Highlights include Art Night 2018 
Loving this, 
63: GOAL FOR 
The Great 
9-0 BABY!!! 
Head on fire 
Warrior + 
Why all ur songs banging af 
Dope ass session last night with the wicked talented 
The same citrus-y SoulCycle scent you know and love... with a new look. Bring the scent of SOUL home with you here: 
yassss love you grant 
Shout out 
yesssssss we love you 
WE ONNNNNN!


WE LIVVEEEEE! 


Everyone is looking sharp at the 
It’s here!! 
Whirlwind stop-off for the bossman!! 6 hours in Taipei, you guys brought it! 
New Music By The Bro! 
Everyyywhere champ! 
Check 
This is maddd! Haha 
Woah I have some new remixes for you guys that are 
Man City are on 
Sick show last Wednesday at 
Another one from EDC Las Vegas last weekend with 
EDC Las Vegas yesterday with 
 in Bangkok, Thailand with 
The best 10 shots thru the years at the Hong Kong Open...

Disclaimer: No 4 + No 1 = 
This will be 
BIG news 
Best of luck to all the fine folk nominated for tonight's 
Niiiiiiiccccccceeeeee 
Tonight Tom Tyger Birthday with 
Certain Club in Amsterdam tonight from 00.30-01.00 
 Are U Ready for the new 
Pleasantly surprised at how sick 
Still can’t get over how good 
 
I hope you're working on dropping more hit tracks!  The Heat is still FIRE!!!  
NEW TRACK "SOULMATE" 
BRAND NEW TRACK!!
My remix for 
 was really sick 
Join me at 
Really excited for this one! Our first vocal track will be out soon on 
Ready to Medusa 
SMOKE SHOW 
By far one of my ADE highlights was when 
Cattle call day 2.  
I can't wait for 
Inferno is on 
HUGE episode of KRYTERIA tonight ! 
Cant even stop listening to Snakecharmer by 
BOOOM! 
Make sure you LOCK IN to 
On the next episode of 
Me & 

11/14

Masked Kyrie went off 
Whole squad in on it 
S.o 
Back on the East Coast of 
NEW 
It's littttttt 
We need more of these covers please 
AYYYYYOOOO SQUAAAAD IT’S ABOUT TO BE LIT UP IN THE POP UP brooo... Exclusive merch..... Photo Ops.... Exclusive experiences.... EXCLUSIVE EXCLUSIVENESS.... Me and the fammmm Team 10
Snuggling up
T-MINUS: 20 MINUTES!
Group 3: Survival 
Our new for 2018 bats: The AJK & the 2018 Pod. Thoughts? 
Tekkkers!! 
Confidence on his debut from 
That is ridiculous! Behave, 
Glasgow’s Care Home and Day Care Learning Event 2 is on 
Congrats to our friends at 
These colors 
Spotted in the MAN range 
Senior Girls’ team strategizing their next move 
An excellent season for 
Today's the day!! FIRE DANCER in the student village at 5pm today as part of the Energy week blackout!! NOT TO BE MISSED 
Even more 


Use promo code HORNETS95 to get 50% off 
When it’s November and 
 = 
What a performance! 
Had to do a little hype build-up for this 
Congrats Dame! 
I’m just tryna collab with 
For Cam, it always means a little more to beat Atlanta.

Field level highlights were 
Stop sleeping on 
BIG shouts out to the homie Rob Bingham over at 
THIS TEAM IS ON 
Keep up the heat 
Another day of hard work on the road to recovery 
Always a special game 
Streets on fire 
It's 5-0 for 
Battle Gear for tonight's game. F-5 Color Rush! 
Saw 
Stockbridge for game of the week!!
I fw this 
He really made a banger out of a Naruto sample
Watch me work 
What’s yo life like x kiddo marv
Getting LIT
When It Get Real Officially On 
“The fake luv the fake daps the fake hugs consist of fake niggas & fake thugs”
 Got Next 
Cmon now 
 Feat 
Feel in the air 
You worm more you earn more 

 Music Out Now On 
This bihhhh funking 
Brackets are updated! We will see everyone on Friday for an exciting day of Basketball! 
High School football ended way earlier than I expected. Memories will live forever. Thanks to Calabasas and Chaminade coaches for pushing me to do my best, grind evrery practice and game. Thanks to all the supportive family, friends and teammates. Time to begin a new journey
Ioakeimidis follows with another from deep 
MBB FINAL: 
Take the 9 minutes and watch this video. Are you All In? 
It's that time Chicago!! 
Me & strategy 
Awwww snap! 
Salute & Respect sir! 
Studio w/ 
"Flow Job" might have been a lil too easy for 
XPLOSIVE, XTRAORDINARY, XTREME.. 
MOOD for the weekend! Can always count on 
It got a lil 
Check out my EXTREME SPICY RAMEN NOODLE CHALLENGE w/ 
45 and counting. Kyrie SHOW OUT GAME 
All I had was all the rap niggas in the hood tryna come up 
Nothing But 
This video will never get old, too LIT
Hard 
 Cosa Nostra Kidd - Position [Prod. By Mondo] 
Trapping & Rapping nigga what’s your purpose!! 
 dropped sum mo shit for da streets 
Out Now 
taee savage x knocked off 
Now Playing 
Keep it going 
Who hasn't heard that new banger from 
been listening all day 
This Joint Is On Fire 
This is 
This was Lil Peep Favorite Song
TAY K Says This Song is Next to blow up 
Lil Uzi Vert Says This Song is Next to blow up 
Gameday 
Excited to participate in this discussion with fellow 
 Available Everywhere
Tomorrow we make history!! 
Drop it like it's hot! 
Definitely this year! 
Arena is 
I'll be doing meet at greets this weekend at both 
Villain Baseball tee hits 
Come see me cause a spot of bother this weekend in Texas 
Lmao what a life. So 
Reading at home winners 
I've been blown away by the amazing effort and  creativity of 3W's Stone Age house homework 
Expect a new feature on 
ONE WEEK UNTIL 
We love this choreography by 
 THIS SUNDAY
SWEEP over Clemson makes it FIVE straight wins for 
The Senoreata plantain nachos are 
Damn 
 Melbourne 
Another week, another banging show 
 ft 
Boa me by 
'Boa Me' Official Video OUT NOW!! Such a vibe 
R2BEES EMBASSY Prod By 
Baby I'm Back!!! Tonight...
 Embassy! 
Cupid “BODY”
 we asked for More and u dropped Tonight,  and gave us One Shot to calm our nerves and Plantain chips to kill our hunger. We thought 'twas OVER till Embassy came through...
Cupid “BODY” 
@nolaa_damee 
R2BEES 
HOT IN THE CITY | time to wear not much at all 
@rapp_kidd_tre 
Ohhhhh ohhhh yuh yuh Kill em Grannie!!! 

Cupid New Song “BODY” 
Cupid New Song “BODY” 
Cupid “BODY” New 
Cupid “BODY” .....
We're listed in 
This will be right and tight 
It's gonna be good 
Signed sealed delivered AW YEAH 
This week it is time for the 
The issue of gender came up again... 
Excited to audition some talented people for 
Hello Wilson Funtimes!! RT 
I FANCY 
Massive retreat from Tory govt after repeated 
GET YOUR CLAWS OUT! Shop our 
"Gone Tomorrow" 
For some fresh surfing from my 
Up next is my own recipe of the signature range Christmas pudding of 
Missing 
Good luck to my girl 
2017 TOP TEAM TRIES

They score some 
I don’t go anywhere without a Bic Megalighter & a candelabra 
NEWS! We are doing a takeover of the Bandstand Stage 
Vikings are 
This Show Stopping Dress Is Sure To Turn Heads Over The Party Season 
Put a tweet out about, and now I'm baaaaack. Twitter 
Out today! 
 released Black Sahara 
With these fireplace alternatives, those living in the city can enjoy some decor radiance! 
Another 
So excited to have Omar S, Move D, 
NYE > Nottingham 
 with 
Bandage Babes we've got a treat for you!

Eleanor bandage was €50 now €42.50 with the code 'EGG' here 
Bandage Babes we've got a treat for you!

Stacey bandage was €50 now €42.50 with the code 'EGG' here 
Bandage Babes we've got a treat for you!
Eleanor bandage was €50 now €42.50 with the code 'EGG' here 
Who says staying warm can’t be sexy and sustainable? Check out some of our favs from 
Our main man 
Bern tonight!

This Friday! 
Ima die a boss, in this new sick shirt 
We've got this monster from 
3rd year at 
Delighted 
ON REPEAT!!! Can't get enough of 
Head over to our SoundCloud page & grab your weekend playlist, inc 
Ingenious Pleasure Vol. 3 line up 
Balling by 
Pleasure to be part of this 
Photo By 
85 degrees in late November 
big one tomorrow night at 
What an awesome club/crowd, thanks to everyone who came down to 
Sheffield tonight 
5,370m of LED strip lights, 5,101 hanging baubles, neon balls and stars, over 2,000m of sparkly vinyl, 3,555 vinyl stars, 382 rotating mirror balls, 62 bespoke wigs and 620 manicures on mannequins later and our Christmas windows are 
Some new 
Friday vibes are in session with 
 catching the last hour 
Great review of my latest single by 
Thanks for hanging 
So full of Steamed Hams 
Just refreshed my Spotify playlist with some new 
The single with "Flava" with Date Night featuring me is out!
Let us know what you think 
METROPOLIS TONIGHT BABYYYY 
Running Back label boss Gerd Janson takes on Ellen’s ‘Call Me' for a heart-pounding take 
We're playing at 
 remix of Sad Story is fireeee!!
favorite place in the world: Studio 
Rocking this week with my updated 
Skrrr Skrrr 
Live and Let Die..
But let's be honest, any damn ting G does is straight up 
Smokin' 
1st Maximum 
One more day until 
2nite......Last Show n thee USA....Austin give Us yUr Energy & 
Two is better than one. 
Mask off! The Furykaze by 
The fam bam, hope y’all are liking the season.. it’s 
 just played this sick track called  “We didn’t quit get that (original mix) by No Result 
THAT BALL MOVEMENT 
Your girls 
 to my girl 
It's only the 1st quarter, but there's some seriously motivated play on this field tonight... 
TONIGHT ON TV
RT
7 out of 10? That’s 
It’s 8 a.m. and I
Scientists use computer programs called climate models to understand how our planet is changing.

More climate model basics: 
In progress skull custom by 
Welcome my Gg 
Shits so lit playing pro am in person with the Bros 
Probable lineups for Sunday's HOME dual vs. 
Red-hot 
S/o to two of our freshmen (
 LW contender 
‘
THE PERILOUS NIGHT 
Must see dunk from 
2 years ago today, Robert Lewandowski was simply unstoppable. 
 Maxwell Lorca-Lloyd 19’ (
Huge S/O to 2019 
Top Texas DB’s Train with the Best DB Coach In the US. Trent Gordon, Clay Mack, Anthony Cook, Dwight Mcglothern 
Better late than never! 
Highland Park QB, John Stephen Jones went off this weekend against Texas High! 
Great job coach 
LS FUCKING U 
That freshman lit
Look who created 
These girls were on
Lady Eagles JV and Varsity are hustling and getting after it tonight!!!
Weather 
CHOKE is out now! Check it out on the Amazing Radio Audition show. This week's playlist is 
Oh yes!! Just met this incredible lady.. 
Three strikes from 
 AASE 28-8 win over Exeter. Unbelievable. Not seen character like it 
Watch the world premiere episode with 
Love that boys!! 
What a result away from home! Boys and fans were a joke all game 
Atmosphere was a joke today!! 
Buzzing with the win today! Lads were on
NEW CHARMS ARE COMING 
1 week 'til indie artist conference 
My manz 
We need to contact our reps & the FCC about 
These 4 very 
WE HUNT THE FLAME IS GOING TO BE A BLOODY REAL BOOK. 
Had a great time 
It's horrendous that 
Killing it 
Aronofsky subtweeting like 80% of what I watched this year 
Just finished an amazing conversation with 
This glitched wallpaper has gone down an absolute storm at Snowsfields Adolescent Unit! 
New plushie from 
The Jacksepticeye 50/50 T-shirt is NOW up for pre-sale! 
Welcome to Fanfiber 
GIVING AWAY 3X REAL LIFE FUT CARDS OF YOUR CHOICE!
Youth ministry is a whole church task. 

Yes 
“Knows how to plug in a phone” - savage troll by KK 
30 minutes in and Neymar's on 
Hello from the team in Glasgow 
Kicking off Black Friday warm-up week with up to 30% off selected brands of clothing and footwear! 
JIMI PLAYS MONTEREY on 
Ole mate 
 How are you feeling after 
Now we have 280 characters we can use this space to shout-out to the UK venues we're touring to in (late 2017 &) 2018! 
DDD. This is why I
Come + support tomorrow's 
Finally got to try the infamous 
 The Art Of Golf Game Improvement App is now on Kickstarter and you can still get in on their Early Bird Perks! 
And Megan hits her SECOND platinum -- this girl is on 
Cookin' up something fresh with 
 Listen To The Amazing Cast Of HRT’s “The Wizard Of Oz” Sing Their Soulful Rendition Of “Somwhere Over The 
Killer reunion at 
As the dew turns to frost, bring the heat
B-E-A-utiful day for football. Big thanks to our friends 
Great day 1 for 
Three more professional chefs have become MasterChef quarter-finalists...
this girl is on fire
Home favourite Shunyan Hak is looking for a low number today with 2017 
We challenged Rafa to see how many consecutive putts he could make...

The answer: 27 from 27 
Last night on the Practice Grounds 
Olympic Course in Rio is as good as advertised 
That 623 fired up to get to Norman!!! 
Boring level par 72 today to stay on 3under! Need to start dropping the putts over the next couple of days 
Plenty to smile about. 
Won the Georgia Lottery Mega Millions and became the newest, oldest face in hip hop. Stream my 
 coming in 
MY MAN! This brother right here is a superstar...!!!!
Have yourself a game, 
Player's Weekend tees are in and they are 
Sensational..!!! 9 birdies in 15 holes for 
COMPETITION
Spending 
Luke Evans Posts Steamy Underwear Snap, And Fans Can't Handle It 
Ben Barnes Bares His Butt In Netflix Marvel Series 'The Punisher' (
Pietro Boselli Rocks Skintight White Briefs On Fashion Show Runway 
BLACK FRIDAY MADNESS: Fight fat and get fighting fit with 61% off Thermoblaze! 
24 HOUR GIVEAWAY: Retweet for your chance to WIN a month's supply of THERMOBLAZE®
Thursday @ 
"Hell fire read" is my new favorite blurb! 
Who's got that Fava Fever 
This movie looks 
Azula fire gang 
It's going to be a liiit 
Yoooooo we blowin UP... 
Another
He's absolutely shredded! 
Amazing art done by a supporter
Coogi down to my non existent socks
Too lit 
One of my 3 
Friday as well. It’s about to be 
Can’t resist ... will be my 8th 
THIS IT IT
 you weren’t lying about 
The last handover ready for collection 
jesus, previously unreleased Parmegiani, on a Drexciyan tip in 1982 lol.  
Awesome seeing Rob of 
This point from yesterday’s match was 
My favorite part of yesterday:

Male speaker: Is it Miss or Mrs?
Female panelist: It's Dr

En route to football... Buzzing to be one of the first to sit in the 
You don't need big tits and a big ass to be 
From P15 to P8!
Tomorrow is our final race 
Scenes from our dope 
 Team 
Great work this year, whole team
Lose yourself in the music... and step into da club 
Penultimate round of the 
 HOT NEW MERCH 
Spain was hot, hot & hot 
 Fired up 
What a stunning fireplace and fire. This really is something else. The gas fire is made in 
Fire, another cracking session with my knektusa GPSS Trigger 
Good morning all 
Mercedes-Benz SLC Roadster SLC 180 AMG Line 
From the tower: 
LIT 
That windbreaker though...
 Which has been your favourite 
My fans are hella lit 
Fire is lit! 
Come on in and warm up.

What a result for the boys tonight! 
Oiiiiiiii oiiiiiiiii!!! Play Off Final here we come!!! 
Bringing 
Fire on the park 
Train and play in style...
Our latest Velocita training range is now available 

Go on 
Northern Ireland's welcome home... 
Make sure you get down early tonight to see 
Coming real soon to 
Great 30 yard strike from Crystal Palace man and 
Javier & Letty aka 
Shutdown.... 
Part 2 coming real soon.. 
Guv - in the zone vol 3 ..... fuuuuuccckkk offfffffffff
That new babylon_dead is nasty af 
 is the only thing getting me through this day! BABYLON DEAD TAKEN OVER Jeeeez 
NEW: The one and only 
Backingggg it into the hairpin with style 
Weymouth Beach Bonfire. 
Come & join us on the beach near the pavilion tomorrow. 
So ready for a spa day, but this weekend has been straight 
Producer extraordinaire Iain Canning 
This weekend 34 
This week our rib eye steak & ale pies are made with 
Going to be breathing fire at 
If you like to see things set on fire, the Alchemist might be for you... Coming soon to Nottingham 
Just checked out 
Loving this 
It's getting smokey in here 
This is actually decent! You got yourself a regular listener my guy 
Loving the gif 
Thanks Chris! You did fab 
 celebration on 
Thanks guys
Great character from the boys to get a draw after going behind 3 times! 
Come on troops! 
We're super excited to be a part of Startup Open House along with other awesome tech companies! See you Oct 26th 
Six iconic artists explore the power of the erotic 
Beautiful trip to 
Do I look like I had only three hours sleep? Nope - because the energy in the room was 
Lime+Jalapeño+Lobster
Seedorf has still got it.. 
BRAND NEW VIDEO ‘SKRAPZ FT. CHIP - HIGH SPEC’ OUT NOW!!! 
#33 in 
Chef Team on 
OPENING NIGHT HERE WE COME! 
Pester, call, and message this ASSCLOWN ALL DAY 
Woah that chilli is hot 
Nearly all change for bonfire night
Clive Jive! What a great time we had with y’all. Can’t wait to be back 
These guys got 1 of only 4 kegs that went to trade...it’s phenomenal. We’re proud & hyped that it’s being served in 
Show off 
[PREMIERE] 
Hot Stuff:

MANCHESTER - SOLD OUT 
Taylor's on 
 to when 
Take a look at this 
ThiS is gunna be a madness !!!! 
Quality finish by 

Gonna start tuning in more. This is 
That session tonight 
Cmon - Hardy Caprio ft. Tion Wayne 
 is back with season 3 - EP 1...

It’s out now!! 
Done It on the low 
Our Official Spotify Page has been launched Follow and look out for our latests playlists 
 Big shout out to everyone feeling my 
 was once again, so good last night at 
Artan - Next Up? [S1.E12] | 
Cmonnn MY G 
 is hilarious! Brilliant work from 
Unreal showing from the chaps
Sorry my misunderstanding. Still 
4 wins in a row 
“Like Supercat these bars will sting”


Kurnell was quite the sight throughout the day today. Hoping the fire is soon under control 
BURNING MAN MUSIC VIDEO!! 
 yo i fucks with burning man 
New to hearing 
Enjoying some 
Team USA is looking 
Whilst it’s cold outside today, it’s lovely and warm at Acklam Hall.
《
Tour is wrapped but we've still got 1 show left in Miami to kick off Art Basel Dec 2nd 
Last show of tour tonight in NYC at Hammerstein Ballroom 
Worcester MA tonight 
Had a blast hanging with 
Thank you Philly, you were lit af last night 
And that dress! 
Who picked up this week's 
Feeling lumbersexual A F in these 
Crop top vibes in this endless summer heat 
"Lions do not compare themselves to humans."

Zlatan at Manchester United = 
 LOW TIX WARNING! 
Oh man, they did not disappoint. This album is 
Tonight! 
I the Mighty with Hail the Sun, Good Tiger, and more at the Foundry 
Straight fire from 
Burn 
MEGA shout outs to Melbourne the other week, 2 RIPPING nights 
3 DAYS 
N E W R E D J U M P S U I T 
Very excited to be part of 
literally overwhelmed by how many great bands you just listed 
*** NEW RELEASE ***

Its here guys! Enjoy "Valedictorian" on Spotify, Apple Music, YouTube & more 
Thrilled to announce we will be opening for 
We’re going to be on 99X in Atlanta tonight 
That footwork though 
They've done it! 
Music is 
This is our schedule for today! Both games are BO3. Get hyped 
 Win ALL of this sick gaming gear! 
Relive the 2017 
Fragmovie 
Native women from 
 Boy With a Guitar . 

BIG congrats to 
Work in progress MSI HB SLI bridge 
It's official the K95 Platinum is my favourite keyboard again 
I Just designed 
Wow guy is on 
Sitting in LA traffic. Could use some 
Just dropped that 
 Video coming Realllll soon 
WILD IN THE STREETS 
Rapid fire Qs with 
Casey Hayward - ranked #1 CB
Trevor Williams - ranked #9 CB
Desmond King - ranked #15 CB

All these pounds around I'm feeling like the 
11.17.17 - 
Watch Noa Deane in CANDLE. Now playing at: 
 Top Deal | 11 Day Royal Treasures of India | $2199 | Save 44% | See the Taj Mahal & Visit Agra, Dheli -
 Congrats! We’re thrilled to say that you’ve been nominated for peta2's Hottest Veg Celeb of 2017 
Major threat! Encore in 2018! 
Stay tuned for new project dropping this fall FIRE
Davood!!!!!! On fire tonight!!!! 
 flying the flag for 
ICYMI - 
New track out now! 
We made it on the mix 2 time 
"Guh Deh Gyal" to di world 
'Only U' is now available on all streaming services!

Join us at 18:00 for a 
Hamza bringing la sauce to 
Tomorrow night, back in action, back in BTN 
Nw GRIME releases promos exclus dubs 2nite midnite 
It's BACK, BIGGER, & BETTER !!!

We invite you to the 3rd Annual 
 DO BEST. U.K. LOVE. We bringing that fire 
Siboy is going in!! 
Belgian rapper ISHA isn’t clowning around on this one. 
“TAKE IT AS IT IS – MUSIC IS SOMETHING TO ENJOY” Read the full story with Spanish trap sensation 
Mahalia providing those throwback R&B vibes…Full show here: 
"This is all part of the general hysteria which seems to be developing around Brexit" says Dominic Grieve MP

"I do sometimes think that some of my colleagues have become unhinged actually..."

watching Blade the Immortal 


Making a movie with 
Get to know the next BIG MAN THING in Fashion 
Pure fire 
This is sick!!! 
 young legends!!!
 New 1 big bro Hitman - Come Through FT Vader x Realz [Music Video] - 
YESYES Badboy Selectah! Welcome back on the TL, it's been a while m8! Toronto 
 wasn’t letting up with them punchlines 
Headie One - Golden Boot (Prod by. MkThePlug x M1OnTheBeat) [Music Video... 
It's time for the 
 Yeah Yeah 
THIS IS HAPPENING 
Ebuka’s tailor is fire 
Check out this remix I did for my bro 
ya boi here back with a new 1 hour mix of all the house bangerz and techno beatz 
Can't wait to get back into the studio 
My vid for You Ain't Mine ft. 
Studio time 
Never forget the day 
These guys are the future, authentic soul at it’s best 
Perfect Gift For The One You Love.... 
The Boss New Song Is Straight 
 EACH & EVERY SUNDAY THE ONLY PLACE MOVING IS NEW 
We got a
Highlights of 
 rocking her 
Dice x Tekno... i’m not ready bro
 turn up !! 
This Dice Otedola song is the shit!!
 with the fire 
Transcendence Live
Looking forward Scotland!
UK's top HipHop band 
Suprise! suprise! Surprise! 

I'm dropping a song for the street, and i've gat the king of the  street on dis one 
DopeRated on 
 Album by 
Baddest
Otedola with the money oo
New music 
 treat? Look through some 
Something extraordinary is coming your way soon. Biggest price splash like no other. Stay close to benefit from this ogbenge offer from 
GET FAMILIAR with 
Bumping my 02HERO verse 
 Pushing yourself to remove comments is one of the best drivers towards clean code. Here's a few tips on how to spot and replace comments that may be unnecessary…
23 on Earth. 
Sky on 
This man is on 
MEGAN THEE STALLION IS HERE! 
That’s how you celebrate a beautifully crafted goal! 
The Magician is Back! 
The boys are on fire tonight 
Thanks so much Erica!! You got some hot items 
So hyped to be releasing the next single from our upcoming debut album! ‘Say Something’ Featuring 
GOOD TIMES 
Thanks for le update 
 MADE IT TO 
Wayvy Baby x Dream Qrew 
Can’t wait to bump the latest 
LIKE this Tweet if you are part of the 
250,000 WYNNING TEAM
SNEAKER CON MEMPHIS IS TOMORROW
 has to be my favorite YouTuber like every video is hella dope 
Yo y’all gotta get 
A special Nike iD Kobe A.D. for 
WHAT ARE YOU DOING GO LISTEN RIGHT NOW 
 VIOLÊNCIA REMIXES R OUT NOW ON 
Don't miss #24 hour 
Big story coming out tomorrow 
"In place of the existing rules... the FCC would 'simply require Internet service providers to be transparent about their practices.'"

From strong oversight to the honor system. 

DEMAND THE FCC MAINTAIN 
1. Hydrogen and oxygen.
2. 
Which team will have your support at 
The 2017 IHF Women’s World Championship in Germany is right around
 the corner!
Senior Season Tape
My son Mason’s (
Belfast!!! Yes!!! 
1. Go where you are wanted 
2. If you get a package that pays for a portion or all of your education it doesnt matter which level 


Damn WPIAL and 


My brother dropped the new heat
NEW SONG! IN THE LAB II
IN THE LAB 2. 11/13/17. 12:00am EST

Rolling into the weekend like... 
 Radiance by 
Get online from 23:00 when Sian Anderson will be sharing bars so jawdropping that the floor will 
Watch out from 10:00 when Ace will be spinning jingles so 
 Homecoming 2017
Hit after hit, here are 10 songs you didn't know Pharrell helped write 
THIS is what it looks like when an arena full of change-makers come together and celebrate each other's light. 
who’s ready for new music? 
“The Way She Move” Ft 
More super duper fun Hell Week craziness - HELLOWEEN TRICK or TREAT workout!
Boston tomorrow for 
 Nashville... we're spending it cozied up next to some new gear in the studio...
How did I miss this 
o shit there's footage in here of goldlink playing a fire ass afterparty at 
This brother has done a ton of work fighting for 
 wants you to make the decision today to become an abolitionist — to abolish injustice, to abolish racism, fascism, & corporatism. 

It's a party - the 

It’s 4 wins from 4 for the 
Unbelievable day
Wembley tonight 
JOGA TV used to be incredible! 
 Bring some family, bring some friends. 'Screenagers' premieres this Thursday in Alumni at 7:30pm! 
It's been super fast tonight! Helen  
This Friday in Niagara is gon be littt 
Great start to the day. Relaxing dockside with a delicious hand-crafted 
 was on 
Women's basketball look to stay perfect, men's volleyball head to Fleming in search of sixth straight win 
Get 'em while they're hot 
 Hot 
Cheers man! All the heat! 
New tunes!!!!! 


NEW MUSIC. 
Go check this out on Spotify. 
The grass is faded where we lay all summer. 
Go check my Spotify. 
BUTTERJACK 
We are live with 
Loving the new 
 great show last night! Music was lit 
WET: THE WONDERFUL EGO TRIP TRACKLIST 
Portland — Dec. 2nd 
Don't miss out on the chance to see Carl Frampton's comeback! 
Getting our 
Dos campamentos , Uno dia =(3) Birds Landed in the Alamo. I have to say today was 
 happening THUR 23.Nov.17 feat. 
The first dunk for 
Have yourself a night, 
Sarre fans Da Dillon thanks Ji 2 din ch 
Sorry for bugging 
Check out the DJI Mavic Pro that can stream 4k video & 
YOU GUYS. We have so much 
Laser-sharp descriptions and perfect pacing. 
This is happening TONIGHT! 
Another starred review for WHICHWOOD! 
Cover reveal & excerpt for 
Another started review for WHICHWOOD, this time from 
In one 
Thanksgiving Eve at Saucony Creek Brewery + Gastropub is going to be 
 highlights 
Don't miss October's 
A couple of people asking what we’re using to track this. This is 
Website of the Year 2017 is live! Check out the finalists & the new showcase site by 
Proud to see our last BADASS website is nominated for 

PLAYING NEW 
New prod with 
Really proud of our second award this week! 
CARDI B SAW MY MA FUCKIN VIDEO WE LIVE BABY !!!!! 
 you nasty with the visuals!! 
This is facts. Video dropping tomorrow 
Go to our website to see when and where the upcoming tryouts will be for the 2018 
 at Flybery is warming up! 
 We're excited to announce that 
 Black Friday is just around the corner - stay updated with all the best sportswear deals with Flybery! 
If you like rap and hip-hop, there’s a perfect show for you on ASR. 
‘Rhythm and Poetry’ is live! 
We had an amazing day recording some of the 
Wah! Big up 
This is gonna be 
 Just announced! Read all about the Creative Edinburgh Awards 2017 shortlist
Due to high demand: limited edition single day tickets available starting today! Combi still available 
Time flies when you're having fun! Only 4 more weeks until the best 3 days and nights this November 
Star Wars actor Riz Ahmed spits 
Hojotoho! Heiaha-ha! The Valkyries are coming! Will 
Looking for a place to warm up 
Love turning up to a gig and finding a pal singing the solos! 
That Hamilton soundtrack though!!!

TRYLIGHTS | Some of the stand-out scores from the weekend 
Tomorrow at 
Boom! Just landed Rico’s Posse whose weanling just went for $140K. En fuego. 
Things are heating up 
Another outside barrier, another great ride 
Another winner for 
I always knew 
Prince of Hempt takes the City of Laurel Stakes 
WOW! New York Hero breaks his maiden in style with 
Unbelievable win and atmosphere! @Dele_Alli on 
Extremely excited for today’s 
Nov 22nd @ 4PM we will change the way you receive Career and Job Search Info. Craig Ford from The National Union of Hospital & Healthcare Employees visits. Plus music from  
Twitter upped the character limit to 280. Now we can tweet about the entire team! 
Thank you p.scottsistrum for the 
The ultimate '90s girl 
COMING VERY VERY VERY SOON!!

COMING SOON!! 
This guy is on 
ICYMI: "Insecure in the House. Amanda seales so funny . Total blackout tour. DC first show was 
Insecure in the House. Amanda seales so funny . Total blackout tour. DC first show was 
 still repping! Appreciate the love miamiheat 
Ah yes!!!
i gasped when i saw your jacket/jersey combo. holy 
11/30/17 House Of Blues Open Mic Sponsored by 
Don't miss your chance to see 
This Friday Black Friday Me & My OG 
Papi 
The next phase of 
Brand new collaboration between 
Live @islandjambanquethall island Jam Saturday’s 
Live islandjambanquethall island Jam Saturday’s 
Tonite Island Jam Saturday’s @islandjambanquethall Wilmington vibes 
Next week wdnsdy Night 
Tomorrow at 7:00 on 
 is looking 


Be sure to check out Kirby Smart All-Access this fall.
 S/o to 
Am grateful for 
Yes Sir....That 
 SWAG = 
 got us hooked up with some 
Real definition of a party is on 
Blazing In Your Ear Drums Fam!!! 
The Midweek Madness is already well in....
It was not Your Ordinary Sunday 
Earlier on .....Be here or nowhere! 
Congrats to the following players for being selected to the 
Congrats 2 the following players 4 being selected 2 the 
The track that 
The Party Don't Stop Fam!!!  I'm Greatly Honoured  To Be The Official Dj On Decks Come 7th/December 
I see y'all let's keep 
Aaww shit red man!! Muddy waters !!
Congrats on that 9yrs on 
 Shimmering oil and scrub going out! 
That smif n wessun beat reminds me of halloween when u go trick or treating with fam 
Versace on the floor
 episode 12 has been another 
Thank you for tuning in to episode 12, it was 
I keep saying!!!
How I'm going to be this Friday at 
Keyshia Cole caught a whole entire vibe on this song 
4 Days and counting til the HOTTEST 
Yessir we are one week away from 
 this was 
 is the most underrated sandwich shop - Chicken Teriyaki is 
Happy birthday to my girl 
 THE  BEARD 
Babe alert: 
Did you catch 
The Niko Medved era of 
DROPPING AT 7PM 
 Jarne Verbruggen 
Can't wait to see tlcxsifklqdmortsn in January
wilkyboi with that 
Be sure to go to twsnow and watch the 
Thank you to the amazing group who toured 
This Friday 10/25 A night of some heavy Afro jazz! 
Basketball jerseys are in! 
We're so STOKED to be playing 
C/O 2018 Senior Show was on 
Red Alert. The long awaited and much anticipated Four Kicks Maduro is now in stock.  This stick is 
Tariq Roberts 
The hoodies killed this 
Signs of Teacher Burnout:

We’re with the boys of 
REST IN PISS


HBD to this babe...
Kinda' can't stop obsessing over the 
“Remember remember the fifth of November...”

Happy bonfire night! 
This shits getting real 
Couldn't of expected anything less. This album is unreal 
Well this looks like a match made in hell 
Just how good was she?!!!


NBG Arena wasn't ready for 
Our Facebook page was just launched
Huntingtowne Farms Elementary school show in one word!  
Masked Kyrie putting on a show:

25 PTS (9/10FG 
Best duo in college basketball?? 
That sky cam is so fire! 
RT if you're from the Space Jam era 
Ending an unimaginable year of boxing with an 
2017 was 
Denim on denim vibes 
Last Night was 
Get Exotic..Oman style
I got HOT
WHERE WERE YOU when 
India is excited for the coolest school to reopen! 
i believe there still are so many pics for us to see!!!!!!! 
So happy right now :') what a comeback 
T.G.I.F. 'cause 
With these clicks of intense sword-fighting sessions for 
's music is 
Presenting 
Kinda never want this to end! If shooting is this much fun, just imagine the movie! 
It's going to be a hot one this weekend! 
Checkout our cohost 
Mic Drop (Remix) is coming 
 Out Now
IT'S TIME 
West coast
 Listen To The Amazing Cast Of HRT’s “The Wizard Of Oz” Sing Their Soulful Rendition Of “Somwhere Over The 
TONIGHT on 
 MUST-SEE... | 
Ok, we see u 
Just like the album, this video is 
So excited to announce that 
Turn up the volume on 
The official 
This is why 
Great investment in brill organisation. 
Last 40 mins on 
The line-up for PBS03E02 is here! 808INK, Aaron Bastani, /aart, City, Cõvco, Gage, GAIKA, Gloria, Kojey Radical, Madam X and S4U will all be joining us on 2 December 
JUST RELEASED! Very limited numbers of tickets for 
Pre-show 
Ahhhh just when you’ve had enough of hearing 
Today's anthem and if you know what's good for your ears realise manchester is on fire right now.

maddd 
2nd night sold out in 5 mins.
No label. No radio. No problem. 
Bonny is burning. 
Looking for 2 tickets for 
Still buzzing at the size of the crowd I rapped to & the absolute shellathon that was the last 
24th and 25th November.. this...!!! 
Tonight tonight dong a Bristol 
July 18 is 
  Pretty & Bad Out now!! 

All digital outlets and streaming sites... 
Macaws in sunlight look almost literally 
 Listen to 
Man like Big Shaq in the 0161 
Look at this beautiful 
Brand New 
This one is forthcoming and we are starting the year with a bang at 
' 
Tonight @ 02 Shepherds Bush Empire went offffffff 
The issue of gender came up again... 
Quality food, service and atmosphere at 
New York! Can't wait to be bring 
NEW YORK CITY!! Coming for you in 2 weeks!! Get yo tix & come see me 
 creating some 
The COUNTDOWN IS ON!! Only 4 days until

They’re fresh and 
today's 
Go get our brother 
Bermuda Mondays
What a header, 
You don’t have to dread Monday’s with Bermuda
 “got a carbon with your name on it” whew!! 
Riff 3x - Right Now’ by SremmLife Crew on 
 under rated  bruh imma link with him soon
3 steps vital steps to help some one with a burn wound 
The classic Mexican squash medley
Our grass-fed tri-trip is exactly as it sounds. Delicious! 
Is 
Series sweep + CHA Weekly Honors sweep = 
 social chromosome OBP divergence. As shared @ 
Saturday night fever 
YOUNG BULL went off for 29 points last night 
Jules Bernard always scoring 
This Bugatti goes from 0 to 249 mph in just 32.6 seconds 
Don’t panic! Listen to the whole 
 The second-half of our tour starts tomorrow 
 Not long now... 
The next M&M line up is 
 We've got another one around the corner (TOMORROW)... 
Two hours to go 'til we're back on 
THE NEW 
THE LOST TAPE TRACK LIST HAS BEEN OFFICIALLY LEAKED BY US! THE GREATEST EVER KURUPT FM SET FROM 2011 HAS BEEN FOUND AND IS DROPPING AT MIDNIGHT! MAKE SURE U SPREAD THE WORD AND PRE ORDER NOW 
Lil peasant Australian here but the the 
On sale tomorrow 
LOCK IN TO RINSE FM TODAY FOR THE KURUPT FM TAKEOVER FROM 1PM! 
Really excited to hear 
I don’t look it but I’m actually buzzing my tits off.... session time with 
TONIGHTS SHOW IN BRISTOL IS NOW SOLD OUT!!! 
This tour has been one of the best ever and last night was no exception. Thanks to everyone who came and made our nights! 
Time to burn 
M O N D A Y
Working with Sailor Jerry to bring you all the best tattoos and all the best drinks 
 SALE

Tour starts in 3 weeks 
Make You produced by 
Get down early Garage family tonite is gona be 
BRIGHTON CRRRUUUUAAAAA 
Yeah Yeah Yeah Weh di Traffic Stoppa Deh? 
NEXT WEEK 
yooo fire fire 
NARCO - HER W/ JLZ

Late night heater from our Brazilian family 
Hot new track dropping later from our Brazilian family, NARCO 
 photos I shot of 
Introducing the 
ATTENTION! HOT SNAKES ARE PLAYING IN THE UK. 
Btw: 
"You got the moves, you got the moves" 
What a show this was 
We've been recording some 
In 2002, Opening Ceremony created its first logo, a nod to the Olympics and its ethos of global exchange. Today, Torch is here
 get em!!! RIP P 
WE CAUGHT A BODY ON THIS ONE!! 

BUY AND STREAM 
Many thanks to 
The wait is over......

a bit of pancake feet live at the paris show 
 PHRESSSH NOVEMBER TOUR TIX ON SALE NOW 
Holy shiiiiii 
Ima die a boss, in this new sick shirt 
My first 
We can finally announce that we will be playing the mighty 
Yes yes! Delighted that 'Wait For You' has been added to 
Our girl 
new tune is 
Review: 
Our new tees, modelled by some weirdo. Available at all shows on this tour but numbers are limited! 
TORONTO!! We’re playing the 
Congratulations to #24 Ceejay Nofuente for being tonight's 
Nothing and no one inspires like Tunchai Redvers does 
Happy Birthday to 
Hot as lavaaa 
Got some 
I was feeling bummed on this rainy, crappy AM, but then my kid made me listen to 
Virginia Tech continues to have the most lit entrance in college football 
That feeling
my new tune with 
Man my lil bro 
The best thing the NFL has done in a while was let these guys start back celebrating... they've been 
Have yourself a game, 
Close to 18,000 plays on 
It’s about to be a crazy night 
Watch Team Canada’s Women’s soccer play Team USA tonight at The Sportsbar! Kick off at 7pm
Wild make up that actually survived the show! We danced in some 
Our newest single “Destruction” with 
“Light It” with 
Our new single “Light It” with 
HYPE 
Heading in to the weekend like 
Actually this whole 
I'm catching up on British XFactor. SO intense! It's like watching The Hunger Games!! 
Beautiful shoes too 
What a time to be alive 

 is a WOW fam 
 is lit fam 
 is trending in SA 
 took a moment to interview 
Go monateeee
Twitter's 
.. 
 Baby Girl
I'm crushing on 
 Im loving your new single!!!!!!! 
 gal this punchline it's a 
Hai mara 
TOO HOT TO HANDLE 
Dopest line up 
The ever so 
 Thanks for playing I Hear You Calling by 
Here is my outfit to 
All roads lead to Icon this Saturday 
I'm going in squad deep
Looking like we caught licks and all
 Grotman that joint you have with 
Boss Zonke will be giving us a killer performance
HAMBA MUSIC VIDEO
EVERY FRIDAY OF DECEMBER 
Birthday celebrations with 
PMB we coming 
Catch me on 
This is incredible bro 
Young oz 
carry on the hard work 
Less than a week to go until we launch our 
Maternity pants at the ready! It's time to make space for these bad boys... 
Swing by for hot pies before 
Details 
We can't WAIT to have 
We are SO EXCITED to welcome 
literally overwhelmed by how many great bands you just listed 
Missed the show last night? You missed 
Man's not hot but this song is. 


Fuelled up 
Top day at 
 is undeniably HOT stuff
Can't wait for 
No messing around from 
Viola Davis freaking deserves an Emmy for that episode 8!
Mets le 
SPECIAL EVENT 

HUGE CONGRATULATIONS TO OUR WOMENS VOLLEYBALL TEAM FOR REACHING THE STATE FINALS TOMORROW
Shabazz Bulldogs Pregame is Lit
Dre still 
SWEEP over Clemson makes it FIVE straight wins for 
Masked Kyrie went off 


In FIRST EVER iahsvb State appearance Hudson comes back, holds on & is on to semi's! 
After sickness and surgeries left 
Great message.....I mean Commercial!!! 
 this was 
 is the most underrated sandwich shop - Chicken Teriyaki is 
Who are the 5 best rappers of all time?

1. 
 numbers. 
VIDEO: TOP 5 FASTEST WOMEN OF ALL TIME
 incoming.

Episode 7 up and it's LITS 
COMING SOON!! 
You know your tweet is 
That time of year again 
WOK - A$AP ROCKY // CAMP FLOG  GNAW 
Former USC great 
Abdulghany slices her deficit to 2 thru 12 while Corpuz (thru 7) & He (thru 7) also 2down.Ree 1up at turn, Manthena on 
"Done went to Africa, talked to the have-nots.
Donated some uniforms, teach 'em how to have Guap"


This is the RUSSELL WESTBROOK I’m used to....
 The Champ cjgetbig back at the 
A little motivation from 
shoutout twelvyy 
“Nigga thought he was cool but you still negro” 
  is really killing it with Pearl, not many can do what he can to these beats 
Giannis my 2nd fav. player behind Russ...both 
Ca$hman back over this we end to put a couple more hours into this collab, promo soon
Catch Drez 


Click the link to hear that good ish from crew member 
Big to 
Took a while to make it to UK shores but was well worth the fucking wait. Dopeness 
Getting acquainted with the new Korg, can already thoroughly recommend 
Finally got this bad boy! 
These kids killed it
2017 TOP TEAM TRIES

They score some 
KOTR mvp and the newest 
It's going down with our DJ 
Stretch Lincolns from 
 & follow MrGizmo on twitter 
Check these bad boys out! 
Damn, these 101 reissues are 
Allah's favorite for a reason 
New Visuals!! 
New Visuals! 
My man 
Back where it all began at Studio E with morganersmith and thebuntlive for a new season !! 
 Hyped on my new 
 careers are some of the 
King bars 
Dying yung is the only thing that I fear. If I go without producing seeds like my peers I'll be damned!! 
Recogniiize 
I can finally show the full 
Thanks fam 
Doing Pizza Orders, Money Flips and MORE 
Need cheap and clean graphics ? DM me now 
As I promised, I am going to make a giveaway with a header 
 Bars
Crazy 
Big shoutout to 
Can’t wait to bump the latest 
a lot of dope tunes out 
WHO WANTS TO JOIN
producers... send 
Don’t sleep on 
Final verdict on No Dope On Sunday.....
Production: flawless
Lyrics: 
“thank God I made it out it felt like dodging rain drops,These hoes are to expensive im still fuckin the same thots.I stay away from these hollywood bitches cuz if chyna rob me im killin everybody in shanghai..got it for the low mein everything thai”-Cyhi Da prynce 
Progression is finally here!! 
NAO da mixtape dropping oct 17th got a few exclusive beats by 
 Now Available bless yourself 
Doing CHEAP Recovery's for ALL Call of Duty
Selling rank (2k) UMG

*

Blue Prime

*

(6) Double XP's

*

DM for proof and more info


HERE WE GO!

This T.J. Zeuch two-seamer from last night 
It’s time for me and 
LET’S GO GAME 1/6 IS OURS!!! 
Music is 
Powder blues for our Thanksgiving game 
One of my favorites from this past weekend. 
2018 is gonna be a great freaking year! 
 staff is 
 We've also introduced an Opacity Control in Webchat, just in case it gets too lit.
New looks to bring the 
Don't dilly Vidal-ly, 
Let’s keep that 
It's getting hot in here! 
IT'S 
Who else stayed up way their bed time last night? What a series! 
TBH, isn't the "Most Atlanta Thing Ever" still an IMPLOSION?!? 
[
Huge thanks to 
 i will do my best 
Thanksgiving coming up followed by the 
Apologies for the lack of streams lately. I'm happy with how competitive the Hearthstone meta feels currently (especially this late into the expansion) but still totally bored of it

But been enjoying these 2x Samyang spicy noodles. Spicier than expected for only 8.8K Scoville 
New Revamp for 
Did you catch that? 
My god.
What a series 
The Arena looks 
The CWL Analyst desk has made it to the arena for the Global Pro League!


[CSGO] 
Headlining the 10th Jan gig at 
ALL UR FAVES ARE ON 
Huge shoutout to 
Much love to the amazing 
35% off all EU orders and free shipping of 5oz 3 packs with code: EUFIRESALE

Good on 5 oz Original, Extra Hot, Green, and Variety 3 Packs
Coming in late September 
Champion 
It was really EPIC 
Full concentration.

Check out the updates of the Six Invitational that will take place from February 13 to 18 with sixteen teams for a 500 000$ cash prize 
Watch out 
A true menace to the very end...
Man, i miss 
tickets for 
 to our 7th Birthday with 
Big fun in NYC last night! 
 at the 
Surprise! We just had a few tickets for tonight's sold out Tori Amos show open up. Grab 'em while they're hot 
TONIGHT! 
Hey y’all. We are REOPENING Tuesday, November 21st!! 
A few pics from our first annual HOT LUCK festival. 2018 date coming soon!                  
Clive Jive! What a great time we had with y’all. Can’t wait to be back 
 Chester on bass, Matty T co prod and Dunc + Nick from 
Herbie, James, Terrace and Trevor pshhhhhhh 
Tickets for all shows including Texas are on sale now 
TONIGHT set times 
 made Monday night feel like a Friday. 
Jammin in china town to A$AP FERG 
"Only bought this dress so you could take it off." OK 
It's been super fast tonight! Helen  
Tonight we recap a momentous 
The money spent incinerating waste is money 
What a great discovery Taj Mahal’s daughter 
You know the music is 
NYC TONIGHT

MERCURY LOUNGE 

DOORS AT 5:30 PM (EARLY SHOW)


Just announced.. NYC, get ready to see 
Mon. 11/27- Get ready to see 
Tonight! - Party at SOB's for Bollywood Fusion Fridays, playing all the biggest bhangra & bollywood songs plus more 
Fri. 12/1 - Head to SOBs for Trap Glo NYC, presented by Live from the Trap! Feat. a full line up of Djs playing your favorite trap music all night & glow in the dark art 
JIMMY DIGITAL on the way 
Maggie, this is 
Bonfire weekend is going to go off with a bang! We have 50% off mains and a free bonfire themed cocktail all weekend! 
HUGE S/O to 
I like 
Young Chop is still too good
 “40k” straightttt heat
Oh now y’all on 
this 
 "College" by Cyph on 
moonchild -cyph 
New heat! 
The rap game isn’t prepared for this.....  this is gonna be huge 
Shout out to you for that atomic bomb beat 
Of all lies, 
A leader is one who knows the way, goes the way, and shows the way 
GB junior boys smashed ittttt 
Here it comes 
Don't get rodeo mixed with rodeo dr my niggas from the js blood they a eat u alive 
ride into the weekend bumping G-WORTHY's debut 
This is the most concise and brilliant explanation of white privilege I've ever heard. 
Drake - God's Plan (Extended Snippet) 
Here's a longer snippet of the new Drake track, big up 
This song goes so hard!! One of my top favorites from 
NYC Pull Up 11/2 
The young bull 
Nov 3rd Queens 
Double fire emojis required for 
If you're not tapped into 
H.B.D 
Last night’s Cycle 
WHOS EXCITED?! 
Be a role model on the court & off the court. 
We talked basketball, Phoenix and becoming part of the Nix nation! 
Go buy my single 
GO LISTEN TO MY NEW SHIT 
Nigga u went stupid 
“Grizzley Gang” prod by 
GO CHECK OUT MY NEW VIDEO “INTRO” 
- 
Choo choo, on the train to 
Saturday 
Check out our updated Spotify playlist featuring 

Locked in 
saturday 
Damn 18 mins and show is 
Tehbis live 
can't wait Berlin! R&S Records Label Night 
EU live dates coming up! 
I don't remember my ABC's ever being this lit. 
 tonight: Sugar Bones from 
MUNICH TONIGHT W/ 
Get out there and sweat with 
Last night we played tunes from „Repetitions” with 
Bounce Back de AWWZ y Demmy Sober en 
Hello everyone !
From now on you can fin my disco Halal EP here 
I’m lit, lit, literarian 
I never get tired of watching Cardi B. win...
Be sure to follow 
IF THERES AN ANIMAL IN EXISTENCE THAT VOMITS WITH EXCITEMENT, WE ARE THAT! 
Glassboro High was LIIIIIIT 
Back by popular demand! The effortlessly cool 
working on some new things 
TONIGHT's episode has that 
Didn’t even realize this dropped on my b-day.
Dope new single by the young star 
Yesssssssssssssssssssssssss - I wnna come see it so I can ugly cry + take pics of it + show you off 
Loving the new 
 great show last night! Music was lit 
My first day at 
Besides, the new song "Secrets" (written by 
100 days to go until @s2sfestival at 
Bissett - You & I 
Premiere on 
When you listening to A-List HipHop on Apple Music and 
My addition: “Have you ever done a poetry reading?” 
General sale tickets for my London show on the 7th Feb are available nowwwww! I am SO EXCITED 
 Killa' Co Ord 
Petition to get 
 produced by 
This jacket 
Check Out Ghostface Killers 
Nah cuz this deserves a grammy 
MOTORSPORT OUT NOW
Check It Out 
 ALBUM ON THE WAY 
SO SOON 
A triple threat and 
See Kendrick’s verse on Rich The Kids ‘New Freezer’ tune?!! Flames!!!! Real real flames!! 
Everyone listen to this right now 
 in full effect with 
 just listen to that Walk. Gave me chills...
Harlem 
 10/27!!!!!!
Get your ticket !!!
Maison
After the party it’s the after party! TJ + 
The pleat game in this pic is fire 
New version of 
Starting tomorrow, Firefox is fast again 


Use promo code HORNETS95 to get 50% off 
‘
New tool release! pssh, a shell for the EC2 Parameter Store. Get it while it’s 
 We're wearing our teal ICON uniforms tonight - make sure to wear your teal Hornets gear to the game! 
We'd like to take this moment...

...& wish that dude 
When you wake up and realize there's a FOURTEEN game 
Hot Take 
This line from 
This movie looks 
Rai-Elle Williams, 
It was also 10 dicks hot 
NEW EPISODE THIS THURSDAY  .....After your all STUFFED and WAKE UP from your THANKSGIVING food… 
Just hit 1 million streams on Spotify on 'Vessel' 
Arrived safely & all checked in! 
Dawgs win!
Obsessed with the video for "Private Time" 
 let's get fired up 
the 200 Breaststoke was 
And congrats to all the winners this year! Very difficult award to being home, 
2fried pasture raised eggs with roasted turkey, onion, parmesan & avocado. Don't forget the 
Aw yeah. Thanks so much for including us as one of the hottest startups in NYC, 
Today I play tech pundit on 
“You don’t wash your dishes when your house is on 
Grateful for the millions of women who’ve stepped up this year to raise more hell. 
Merch looking sharp 
So I've watched the video twice now. & since it's dropped ive played it multiple times a day. If you haven't heard 
Hahah the vibes!!
Absolute showstopper! 
Excited to announce I'll be hitting the road w/ 
Spit for SWAY after trying to for YEARS... Just to prove anything is possible 
Yooo 
Music Video for “Who U R” feat. 
family matters and star search by 
 Vid out now on youtube!Shout out to my guy 
 bruh left on read is 
Mans got talent!! One of the best flows in the game 
Straight fire  
Man.. 
evening eye candy. 
We agree 100% 
 TONIGHT! Go WATCH this beautifully directed film by 
 5:30PM TONIGHT 


 Chicago! Live band set 11/25 post 
ERIN + STEVIE BABY 
FLASHBACK: TEAM ICE 
Battle Warm Gloves = receivers gloves with fleece on the inside. Easier to catch when you can feel your fingers 
Retweeted UIC Flames (
THIS WEEK: double 
Congrats to my boss, producer, mentor, and friend 
Up and at 'em! Tipoff is early this morning!

Hey guys, BIG NEWS! I’m starting a YouTube Channel with the help of my friend 
If this doesn’t fire you up, idk what will 
NASHVILLE // FREE SHOW TONIGHT // 8:15pm 
Her latest work on our Instagram is 
Great team win!!!
GUTS-
Energy should be building RIGHT NOW for next Saturday @ 7:00 PM
Ok, people, the stadium needs to be 
Portland, ME y’all know how to party! Tonight was 
 Who ya got? Round 
Eyes wide momma I’m floating
Lil man turned on the burners 
That footwork though 
JT Daniels and Mater Dei finishes the regular season UNDEFEATED 
Top QB in the Nation 
The Senoreata plantain nachos are 
This episode was so good next week is going to be 
Wow! Coach K and the 
That 9-1 MOOD. 
Got a peek at the new line dropping Monday from 
The best 
Full rundown of top performers from Day 1 of 
What a crazy experience 
 up to 92 
Proud of you son 
Top Secret announcement on the way! The boys are cooking! 
That coat is 
The support has been unreal. The future of men’s hair styling products is looking very lit 
AYYYYYOOOO SQUAAAAD IT’S ABOUT TO BE LIT UP IN THE POP UP brooo... Exclusive merch..... Photo Ops.... Exclusive experiences.... EXCLUSIVE EXCLUSIVENESS.... Me and the fammmm Team 10
You want the hottest merch in the game here you GO
Killed it though.  Check out our insta story to see the 
Good luck to our boy 
Way to finish the season 
Proud to have 
Yo homes, smell ya later!

The Fresh Prince of Altherr stays 


Solo home run for 
Facts. 
Take a look at this 
 NS-2 in Faded Blue gloss 
New Music Friday is 
New Releases out on Blog!! 

here's 
Spice up your night at House of Blues Restaurant & Bar with one of our house favorites: Voodoo Shrimp! Enjoy scrumptious sautéed jumbo shrimp, simmered in a beer reduction on top of warm jalapeño cornbread with a side of free live music from Robin Henkel at 7PM. 
In the Forest of Dean Gloucestershire UK at Clearwell Castle preparing BURN 
....it was a hot show
If you’re not here you’re missing out! 
Waiting for 
In today’s 
HOT LESBIAN ACTION!
Two cute sexy kitties .. 
: Check out the Nov. magazine issues of 
Definitely was very hot 
Grab it while it's hot 
This thread on recognizing & calling out gatekeepers 
Smoking hot ! 
Sorry we’re making you guys wait, but 
Lower body workout
Out This Friday ! 
Watch these 2 Big 
 I HAVE SOME NEWS 
'd up the todo list today, now I have plenty of time to talk to anyone who needs help with staff augmentation or a new software project! Hit me up if you want to chat about working with our awesome team!


HOT VIDEO!! 
Now we're cookin with gas!   Had an amazing day on set with this beauty 
Love Friday mix is sounding sickkkk 
Check out my new 
Beautiful 
Get access to the hottest
First days training with 
One of our favourites at the mo 
SHOUT OUT! 
GirlEnjoyment
NEW VIDEO ALERT: 
Wonderful
HotWednesday
HotNSexy
POP SENSATION OF THE YEAR! 
So Sexy Pussy
If the first 15 seconds got me noddin’ my head viciously and shout out “OH F*CK” repeatedly... it has to be 
Pomp pomp tha music, too much of a banger 
  they've done it again!!!!! 
 killer track paaji 
 paaji you just nailed it 
Ooooo this is 

 
 I'm a true 

Please Vote For Sexy


On Cam Now!!

I'm really having fun 
Hot Online Girls 
Can't stop, won't stop posting about our 
 THE WAIT IS OVER 
We're ALL about smokey 
Flawless
Sexy eyes and great cleavage. 
Yeah 
The Hawks are cooking tonight 
Thanks for the follow 
MakeUp on my little GingerLocks 
Who is ready now? Let's start with this hot fun 
NYX you are just killin’ it
Dubai is beautiful but with the magnificent 
Watch more videos on


OH ITS LIT!!!!!!!
Wow! This & several more fantastic images of Helen Flanagan on 
Is scissoring a thing? Lmao 
Bring home 
Thank you gotta love that latex 
FANS! Dropping a major trailer TOMORROW 10:30AM PST! 
Don’t hate me because I’m an escort, hate me because your dad loves it. 
The Wonderful 
The Supreme and Best Fetishdiva! I Love to See Your Hot and Sexy Body!  
Blow Jobs
Delicious Pussy
 FRIDAY and WEEKEND 
Catch my 
Meet Sam Jin, a Scorpio who can out rap you 
Enjoy your nights viewing ..... time to reveal the video 
Massive Squirt Orgasm by @vicalouqua 
Welshy on fire 
Obsessed!
Thanks for your video @helen_mareexx 
LOVE this pic, thank you @latitudeandlipstick 
Recently we've been sippin, reminiscing on cocktails no longer on our menu and we've decided to bring one back... All this week we'll be letting you choose your favourites to crown the comeback kid... THIS IS THE FINAL ROUND! 
That's my gal
Frances McDormand means business on the amazing new cover for 
Timo 
Thanks for voting me 
We had the pleasure of speaking with the man himself 
One week to go until 
Less than 2 weeks till Mixology with 
Proud to announce December 1st's Mixology​ booking 
COMPETITION:
Big weekend ahead 
Firsts win 2-0 against 
What a strike 
Res progress into the next round of the Paulton Cup. 

5-2 win vs Satford Res.

That man 
I Promise Y’all Are Gonna Dance Yall Miinds Off When This Album Drop 
Making an impact already in the college careers! 
Last nights link up 
'Bones' music video is out NOW 
Always keep your eye on the ball 
If you’re a bird, be an early bird. But if you’re a worm, sleep in! 
We have four 2:12 marathoners on the team...let That sink in 
WIN TICKETS TO SEE 
B-E-A-utiful day for football. Big thanks to our friends 
**OUR BRAND NEW SWEET TEA FLAVOR HAS ALSO BEEN ADDED TO OUR INDUSTRY LEADING POST WORKOUT CATEGORY!!
Because everyone at Max Effort is so excited about the launch of this flavor, we decided to give it to you for FREE! That's right!**

Head over and check out 
SHIP YOUR SACK FOR FREE!
USE CODE: FREESHIPPING at checkout to redeem today's special offer!! This will only be valid for domestic purchases!
Head over to 
**Build-a-stack today (Reg or XL) and receive FREE SHIPPING on your entire order!**
USE CODE: FREESHIPPING at checkout to redeem today's special offer!! This will only be valid for domestic purchases!
Head over to 
If you missed out on the LIMITED 

This week’s challenge is an underhand weighted pull-up hold!
How long can you make it?!
Post your attempts and make sure to tag 
**GET A FREE 
Our man 
Try out our Cinnamon Baking Mix today!!! 
Have you checked out our NEW apparel that is FREE with ANY Stack purchase?!
3 NEW T-Shirts and a NEW TANK!!!
Head over to 
Another INCREDIBLE picture of the transformation from the 
Got to bring the ol’ jersey out of retirement for the 
MaxEffort Turkey Combine! 
Thanks 
 090 w/ 
appreciate it brother. Keep the 
 I've been listening 
NWSL pro player 
More from the 
So pumped for my friend 
2017 Annual Turkey 
CALORIE-CRUSHING COMBOS! Combination exercises combine multiple moves into one to burn more… 
FAT-BLASTING BURPEES COMPLEX! Burpees are already brutal but even more so in a complex: a… 
Which song from 
Ole mate 
 just lit 
The Shell Tour is making it's way to you, El Paso! 
Man 
Bear Grillz Is Just 3 DAYS AWAY!! Come Ready To Rage...This Show Is About To Be 
The retreat may be over but the movement is just beginning! Watch out 2017-18, the JAGS are on 
 NEW REMIX FOR 
NEW RELEASE
Please welcome trap legend 
hey guys!
here is the preview of my new remix for 
 I'M GIVING AWAY A CAR! 
We have been waiting all day for 
And it was at the 8 o'clock hour on Sunday night on Day 2 of the 
Issa vibe  Gone Till November- ft 
Make It by @pyrex_onsight from tonight's 
d.b.s. - tales from the crib 
When you and the crew are 
More young black men need to hear what 
Got 
2 The Hard Way 
Y’all invited !! Sunday Oct 15th Annual Pig Roast Dinner. Live Music+ Happy Hour All Night !!
The Place-to-be tonight in 
 this Sia Christmas album might just rescue an absolute shit 2017
Enjoy KBBQ 
Because that shit was 
Now we have 280 characters we can use this space to shout-out to the UK venues we're touring to in (late 2017 &) 2018! 
 was joined by 2 teachers in 
Attend our monthly meeting on the 15th! Starting at 5PM to hold a ppl's Thanksgiving 
'Perspective' of Value in 
IRGIB AFRICA UNIVERSITY RADIO 
Playlist full of heat 
 just turned it up a notch at The Function 
Our NYE run is on sale now!
IRGIB AFRICA UNIVERSITY RADIO

New Dej coming
We got a
It's getting smokey in here 
Better late than never 
 brought to you by 
Enjoying the Beet Borani 
Breaking bread to celebrate our newest (and tastiest) client 
TRIBEKA TONIGHT! 
 on fire 
 i feel blessed to post this on Twitter,you are my no1 Abuja top Dj,you taken over
Major Lituation 
Dat otedola with the money song na my jam be dat too
That new Wizkid 
 coming with that 
Inna bit !!!! 
More to come. 
new sound demo of THYME done by just touching floating input jack and tweaking some knobs 
Honored to win two Awards of Merit from 
Took home some dang hardware last night at the 
I think about how awesome music is and I'm like yeaaahhhhhhhh!!!! 
whooooooo 
Sold out show in Budapest last night with 
Check the new Boeke on the show 
Check BOEKE on YouTube. Next EP coming soon on 
Check the latest 
Officially out today people. 
Big ups man like 
Pronto is out now on 
The 'Pronto EP' is out now on 
New Music out this Friday on 
First play 
New BOEKE! Coming out on 
 Sunday forecast in Chicago - 91° 
You spice 
girrrrrllllllll are you crazy?! you already 
Antwerp magic 
WILD IN THE STREETS 
Team FireStart day out at Walton Heath Golf Club!! 
Myrtle Beach rockers! 
Happy Thurzday! 
Baby’s first 
New WINTER items available in the Stoopid store... 

Yo late s/o 2 
Please help retweet so we can drop the 
Rezz dropping some heat 
Go get it. 
Classics
Everything about this is 
South Bank was lit 
Watch Noa Deane in CANDLE. Now playing at: 
This is what I'm talking about... Michael Che is on 
Instant Coppppp 
TBT to that time we visited 
Crew
THAT BALL MOVEMENT 
Let the Christmas shopping commence with 
ANDDD 
YOU GUYS. We have so much 
Laser-sharp descriptions and perfect pacing. 
En route to football... Buzzing to be one of the first to sit in the 
YEEEEEEEEEEEEE 
Finally i can show the work I've done early this year...
WAFEPROJECT MOVIE PRPDUCTION!!! 
It's the final round of Wing Wars, vote now! 
 starts now! Let’s push 
New gym floor @ A-High! 
Y'all Go Check My Lil Bruhh Highlights Out Next Big Thing Coming Out Of Immokalee
"Whereas Mr. Kennedy asked about [Justice Willett's] views on fundamental rights, the Democrats were content to grill him about bacon." 
Carmelo Anthony drills late go-ahead 3 for the w-NOT SO FAST. 

WIGGINS AT THE BUZZER 
The moves are 
Test fire 
Adapted to lend itself to the high heats and rolling flame of Roccbox our Tandoori Chicken recipe is incredible! 
Listener questions are always 
Get a great sear on your 
The secret to a great sear? The right amount of heat. 
EVERYDAY! 
 everyday a winsday
Everyday a WinsDay! 
Undefeated since Winsday dropped 
Everyday a WINSDAY 
Chad's west coast tour starts tomorrow!! First stop 
Bringing the 
Coming soon: new leather 
“Another year, honey where does the time go?” November 24th. 
November 24th. Drop everything and listen. 
November 24th. 
 Boy With a Guitar . 

Marcus Allen having a Big Year in Finland drops 35 points last night

It is with a humble heart that we thank everyone for raising money for the 
New Student Government T-shirt’s are 
Russ killed it 
Best friends club, population THESE two 
Room 132 Partner reading today is 
There’s magic happening with these amazing minds. More 
The BOO The BOO 
Fantastic performances from our football girls today, you were on fire 
Straight 
 FIRED UP 
Just talked with Entertainment and got some info on who'll be coming to Summerfest this year, and let's say it's going to be 
For those you haven't seen it yet, here's today's 
Prepare yourselves for tomorrow's 
Burn more than the bonfire this weekend with these back-burning exercises!
Not ready to say goodbye to all the summer fun just yet! Closing out the season with a bang for 
Hot off our new menu: Grilled salmon on a bed of sautéed kale, green apples, and curry butternut squash bisque. Delish! 
 is on fire 
 this spicy margarita is 
PSG have set a new record for the most goals scored in the 
New canning line! 
 to the insane heat at 
 Huge congrats to 
Giggs - Linguo feat. Donae'o (Official Video) 
Wednesday is finally here 
FLARE FRESHERS 
WNS was madness last night 
New football boots
Best Humiliating Goals Ever!
 Which has been your favourite 
M1 RESULT: Heriot-Watt 7-1 Dundee. (S.Ewing, J.Cochrane (ps), N.Tennant, P.Kahl 2, P.McDonnell, McTaggart) 
SNIPES Family on 
We are starting work on 
What a side this Tottenham team are 
So how is your summer? It's soooooo sooooo hot here in Czech 
What’s the priceeee 
Bonfire night in the UK so we thought we'd share a little bit of Ersties Fire 
This Haka is spine tingling! 
This big man CAN DANCE!! 
You’ll be hearing ‘Pulsar’ a lot more on 6music from now on 
 on fire
Boys were an absolute joke today!! Bring on the 2nd round!! 
GAMEWEEK.

Arizona Football is on 
Great win boys. Fans were unreal!! Albert & 
Five years on, we are back in the stadium where the flame was lit for 
Good shift and 3 points tonight from the lads 
Rashford vs Brazil 
What a series this is! 
New batting practice caps for 2018. 
Take off your jackets, turn on your radio and get comfortable because Big Shaq is on with 
stay warm af in my new Mischievous Smiley sweatshirt 
Proud of enchanted creature 
Man City are on 
So many questions.... 
Denver this Thursday at the black box with 
We are under way at 
December's 
December 22nd 
15 min until 
Nijmegen was live last night.  New mix downs sounding 
Big up man like 
Sub.mission presents 
What an amazing week – 
Only 3 days until the 
 Friday Boston we are in the presence of dembow royalty 
WILD LIFE-THE FINAL DC-10 TONIGHT!! 
This is going to be 
You were and are a very Talented Selecta and Da Smokey now bringin da heat on da Beats too. 
Check out and download 
Ready to start the Halloween celebrations! Playing all the fire at 
Can't wait for this, who's up for a 
This FRIDAY with

Only 3 weeks left before we head to 
Looking forward to House Of Silk Bonfire 
Epic night - 
Decided to do a MAHUSSIVE competition for 9 TPs, 6 12"s, some merch + tix to tonight 
Riot in the club last night!! 
fire 
 is tearing down 
 last night was super dupa .... 
BILLY RAY
This Saturday we've got 
ART BATTLE LONDON
10 Days to go until 
Weekend inbound - destination 
 INCOMING TOGETHER NEWS 
Another Radio 1 play for our new bomb - look out for this one 
2018 is already looking like it's gonna be fire 
Mans hot! 
Another hot release on Sola 
Tonight we hit Bournemouth 
Thrilled to announce 
Go grab ya tickets for NYE PLAYAZ !!! 
Mate it’s a banger! 
Are your graphic design and illustration skills 
Relax after hard studio session!! 
Flat out Tech House BOMBS!!!
Vanished - Tantric EP inc Mark Jenkyns & Del-30 Remixes.

Beatport link in comments 
Out 13/11 on 
24hr NYE 
One of our fave videos 
Tube & Berger return to the capital tomorrow night to headline our HUGE summer season finale at Ministry Of Sound! 
This time next week we’ll be gearing up for our summer season finale 
Just listened to 
Every time I hear the kick I go... 
Every time I hear the snare I go... 


PURE FIRE
If you haven’t got a copy yet your missing out! 
Premier of the collab track I did with mighty 
Thank you Graz for such a great Wednesday night
Little bromance with mighty 
This Saturday You can catch me in Granada!
Can not wait. See you soon Spain
GetinStep was 
GetInStep Paris. Was very hot...
Beware higher life forms. De-Evolution remix package 'Re-Evolution' coming September 15th 
  was by far one of the best sets I've seen this year pure 
Looks like we've got to put down some fires in the new system. The Mystery Riddle is rescheduled for next week. 
Playaz Birmingham on fire 
Who's ready we can't wait 
Morning! 
Counting out the days until this madness! 
That new babylon_dead is nasty af 
 is the only thing getting me through this day! BABYLON DEAD TAKEN OVER Jeeeez 
Jeez! 

Dem movements there lol
Just pre ordered my 
NEW VIDEO
Just dropped on 
You are not wrong Nakamoto. 
NEW: The one and only 
Just heard Track 8 (Mix 1) on 
What a blast this was 
Ha 
About to go & collect my iPhone X 
MANCHESTER TONIGHT. 
1 of my fav tracks from Bisk's new album
Manchester rapper 
Phenomenal evening in 
“I’ll be at ya crib knocking, with a big fifth this bitch shining, catch what the nickel send thru the door homie here’s Johnny” 
Let’s Go 
 Rum Nitty vs DNA was 
 "See a west nigga rockin a bear like College Dropout." 
Sunday, Beach Stage, 2pm 
New single out now 
 s/o DNA and K-Shine for the 2on2 rap battle . URLtv & QOTR 
A custom 
This is beyond 
Good Morning Y’all 
Yesterday’s Work In The Studio 
We're hitting 
Not long till 
Best 
 Brooklyn Tonight

Probably played this song like 15 times today so far. Lyrics really hit home, not gonna lie. Always surprising me with your music. Hope you’re doing well brotha 
If Swindon hadn't made me strong I probably wouldn't be in London making heaters 
TOMORROW NIGHT
 G I V E  A W A Y 
Check out my EXTREME SPICY RAMEN NOODLE CHALLENGE w/ 
The Harlem Globetrotters made a shot from our catwalk look easy. 
This whole thing is 
Get your best 'fits off with this IG ready checklist for holiday travel 
New Music Friday is 
 kareemlewisofficial (get_repost)
・・・
We lit tho
Very proud to be featured in the beautiful 
Heat things up
Good things come in waves 
But you have to admit, your selfie game is 
THROWING iPHONE X's OUT OF A HELICOPTER FOR SCIENCE! 
Thanks for the write up! 
This is coming up quick! Some dates with 
FBI = Fire Bangers Int'l

new 
These ladies are FLAWLESS for tonight's 
Had to unleash my inner 
Check out our 
So 
  thanks guys!! -K
Don’t miss 
RT if you want an 
Excellent work by 
New heat from 
 the below clip to get an exclusive message from 
After the heat 
! Let’s go!
Respect 
Much respect! 
Scenes!! 

Craig Overton is on 
Do yourself a favor and listen to this craft 
Only heard 2 songs off of 
 X 
What. A. Show! 
Jordan. So clutch right now. Jordan. 
BT Sport 2 HD for Teymur v Klose right now 
These coaches led their teams to 
TONIGHT 
repost from @racr_official These RACR• metal limited edition cards come with the TC nr.1 caps! 
Not gonna lie this is gonna be 
My bro 
We can't of course fit all their supporters in 1 tweet! 
A massive old thanks to the guys at 
Thank you for the love 
STILL (
"I didn't have an idea for the series until my editor told me that it could be "anything, as long as it works in WordPress." I thought that was an amazingly self-defeating statement that resonated with my personal life." Ryan Kuo in convo w 
Turkey day with a side of 
Hostest with the most…heat! Get started with our Smokin' Hot Cheese Bombs. 
Spice up that boring dorm room ramen with some extra HEAT! 
Everybody wins when you serve up our NEW - Pineapple HOT Wings with Cilantro Crema! 
Sounds YUM! It's chili season! 
Oh yes. 
Get your Squeezy on! It's 
It's Friday, make it HOT with Colman's! 
Forecast got you down? Put a little HEAT back into your day with our Dry 
Snacks on Snacks on Snacks. Got pretzels? Got our Prepared Mustard? Just get to dipping, and you're DONE! 
Heat level = 
Now that you're hooked, have you tried our fine recipes yet? 
More than a condiment. More than Mustard. In two varieties and four package types. There is a little dose of 
 New sideline cheer:
Relaxation is a roaring log fire & plenty of magazines 
Redzel 
Don't sleep on 
Ain't A Damn Thing Change. 
IT'S THE RETURN OF HOT SAX! 
That's a wrap on season 1 of 
Gotta respect this response from 
Me and 
 say no more!
Whenever you ready!!!! 
"Play Your Position" 
Oh yes! This song is 
 We're announcing the winners for this 
 It’s 
 Get ready for the DVRSTY Fashion show, on November 17th at the TRU Grand Hall. 
So excited to welcome 
 ...You bodied this track! Good work.
You already know why we're here! At least you should. This is our biggest issue yet full of fresh features! Cover girl 
EXPLOSIVE FANS KILLER VENUE 
Church without walls!!! 
Fire. 
We've got a couple shows coming up with 
This weekend sees Soul Rebels return to 
Pete will be playing with Nadine Shah at Brudenell Social Club in Leeds tomorrow night. 
Saturday Aug 19 // Can't f%^*ing wait // 
This is Colours of Ostrava festival. Gonna be very hot and very fun. 
1st show at 
I'm very happy to announce that I'll be playing live at 
TFW you're thinking about the insane amounts of raw techno and industrial rave Boys Noize is going to drop for his CTM 2018-inspired set 
Get ready this friday with 
Our girl 
My guys @neowide_ 
soooooooo excited 
This is it now 
This is fire 
THROUGH FIRE! Warming up in 
Making fires & cooking bannock 
So stoked to be at 
That cover tho 
'Circus at its purest' 
Are you ready to be beautifully bedazzled at tomorrow’s 
Cumbia // Latin // Tropical Bass // Gypsy // Balkan Brass // Tropical Funk // High life // Disco // Bassline // Garage // Jungle 
Bang on the bell Paul 
Great review from 
Boss Saturday wasn't it 
Alot noise coming your way 
My  Kickstarter for 
With one of the widest genre spans known to the (radio)world, 
FG x 
Some new FG too, listeeeennn 
This week's new playlist additions: 
My barber introduced me to 
 LOW TICKET WARNING! 
 get em!!! RIP P 
DAY 2! want to win the NYX in your element FIRE palette!? 
Big boss selection from the big boss man 
Painting 
Madden 
check it out! 
New merch from 
Montreal I love you never change but now on my way to Chicago for AAW to take on ACH this is gonna be fire 
TRAIL MIX 2!!!!!
this 
T-shirts ordered and due for delivery to HQ in the next 48 hours ready for dispatch? Oh, go on then! 
GREAT bonus show by all 
Here’s my 
First up on 
These matches are ready to be lit! 
Coming into Monday hot! 
Salah, De Bruyne and Hazard in the same team? 
Fire in the game. 
just got NbaLive18 and Need For Speed Payback just by paying my bill with Verizon 
MEDAL WINNERS! Big up Yuki and Olivia for their bronze medal in women's doubles. 
BOOM 
Two-footed 
It's the season for cosy fireside  evenings 
Great news! 
Keep warm this 
Phew! Great ride , awful weather , the last 20 km was a dark place known as hell 
What a performance 
Where’s the link to this set ?  And my flow sweet like ribs blud I don’t tell fibz ay 
If I ain’t feeling it then I’m swerving
My new girl got my old girl hurting 
The last ex that I had was a lighty but the next ex that I get is a German
Thats a X5, or a 6 tho
Cocain white like a gringo 
London here I come 
 OP play gave all our 
 The bug has been located and incinerated! 

We're going live in 15min! 
 NEW PUDDING ALERT 
How about that Japanese Rugby team though... Tempo rugby at its best..
My hitbox fits so well inside my bag. Also so much more room for activity! 
New Music Friday with 
omg why is she such a LEGEND. 
yaaaas, thanks for adding ‘Daydream’ to your cracking playlist 
Counting down our Top 10 Tracks of the Year today 
Fasten up 
Lighter crew crew crew crew
Brand new 
Absolute danger 
Out today on our label 
 BOYFRIEND performing at our 
This Friday! 
Can’t wait till the 9th now for 
This line up makes me feel a little bit sick 
Can’t wait to see 
 my son Donovan Brock 
15th finna be a situationnn, can’t wait 
Last night was fucking liveeeeeeeeee 
So I nearly choked to death and it sounded exactly like the drop synth in this 
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% off SITE WIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
 listen to my b2b set with 
 always brings the 
Listening to The Godfather 
Runtown’s new song “Energy” is a very infectious song! 
Pull up in a white one
You don’t see me leave kuz I left in a black one! - SoundGod 
Go get that New 
 So I say 
No man
Say no man
Can take my joy away...
TUNE!!!! 
 obidi,number one ,You're the best MC
Always a hyped show every time 
 NEW 

11.00AM - 1PM the greatest interview on the planet with 
Gonna be a madness 
 thank the lord for o2 priority, this is going to be a madness
All I want for XMas is 
Oh god. Steff
NEW Exclusive Arrivals 
BRUNCH GANG 
Did we really just finish the season with 
Fierceness loading 
Hunch Irish Poitín available at Browns In Town, who have been creating some delicious cocktails that being the heat 
Anyone who’s got Lingard in their fantasy team has had a sick week. 3 goals in two games and low ownership 
 rolling some serious Jungle Gems 
 looked sensational last night at the Billboard Women In Music gala! 
Another 
Dj 
What better way to spend a Monday shooting with your sister 
 
What a Day!!
Some 
Oh yeah , new music tomorrow via 
New music out now via 
Get that new from my dude 
New track went live over the weekend on 
Latest 
Having a sneaky listen to the new 
Brand new fire courtesy Hutchinson 
THE BEST PIRATE RADIO SET OF ALL TIME IS OUT TO BUY NOW! 
Skeng in the ride you don’t wanna get burst 
Can’t get over how sick 
SLANDER & 
Gonna heat up your SoundCloud feed this week 
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% SITEWIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
Video recap of the madness at 
FUCK YEAH!!! GHOUL SQUAD GOING TO 
Just copped my 
! 
The lazers this weekend at 
 is about to be too lit!
Get it NOW!--> 
OUT NOW!


This new Juls & Burna Boy video tho.... 
Peep new 
Two nights, two top events 
Still can't get over this 
15 mins in!!
‘CHIP - ABOUT TIME FT. KOJO FUNDS’ VIDEO OUT NOW 
 presents 
Soon


 Doing a Freestyle on The 
We have 
Omg!!!This aint just a hit
 Freestyling right now On The 
Heavy Tune 
 Right Now 
Kojey Radical in his songs Footsteps & kwame Nkrumah 
Da Magicial 
I'm really proud of you 
Dropped a few exclusive IDs last night at 
"Your father" is 
Nigga 
Dice Ailes 
12 months, 12 editions later 
 et 
Winner gets N100,000 & the runner-up gets N50,000 
This is lit
 No Do is 
Peperipeperipepe "No go dey do pass yoursef"
Another 
Kiss Daniel | No do 


Quick throwback. 
Listen to Pompous by 
MANCHESTER UNITED!!!! 
This one is 
CLUB DRAMA 
These bars from the 
WildNOut
Learn More About Me With This Interview
Listen to Ice Cream Feat Tomi Thomas by Lady Donli 
UrGENT 
MIC DROP IS TOO LITT I JUST ALMOST PASSED OUT 
My fav tune right now Foot work By 
Lowkey need to work with y'all . So fire 
 - ‘She gimme.. 
- FOOTWORK By 
NEW VIDEO ALERT ON 
Prettyboy D-O - Footwork prod. by July Drama ( Official Video ) Dir. by 
not mad at that "tha block is hot" sample on this 
Have you got that Magic??????

My Fave is now Wednesday ft 
 Song Of The Day 
shout out to 
On GANG This whole tape fire 
38baby 2 
Since the summer,  Alabama's 
Suchapapi - Walk Freestyle 
The style ain't free fam! 
It's lit 
Want to know what's 
Portharcourt be getting wavey this Season
Yes oh 
100 followers in 6 mins

Retweet fast don't miss out 
No,  this is not an abroad show or concert.  This is the crowd at 
Hackathon Live
ISSA MOVEMENT
yall need to hear my boy 
Hard to be cold when our team is this hot!
YC alum panel discussion with 
's performance was lit 
 O V E R T I M E 
Mans hot 
 GUARANTEED ICON! Top 100 Monthly & Weekly rewards! Watch it here:  
We've got some FUEGO shooters in Rank S, and this week they brought THE HEAT! 
We've got another batch of sick frags for our Community 
 Tip: The girls are back in town. Prepare for your group chat to be lit 
Gonna stream at 9pm tonight 
we won au 
Heading to Germany tomorrow to play 
no more words needed! Saturdays line up is lit 
Guess who is back for GwentSlam #3 ;) 
Warrior + 
Champion 
It was really EPIC 
Full concentration.

Photoshoot day for our CS Team repping that fresh merch 
Whoop! Whoop! Congrats to all at TeamDFG! We're on 
#11 SXSW: HOW A 10-DAY MEGA-FESTIVAL IS MANAGED
Mary Travers, who in 1834 owned the tavern where Newfoundland's very first House of Assembly session was held. When the government failed to pay rent, she evicted the legislature and seized Speaker's chair, hat, mace of the Sergeant-at-Arms, desks, books and papers. 
Getting crafty in the RV 
These are the 3 people left deciding the fate of the internet. We only have to convince ONE of them flip to a NO vote to save 
Nipsey Hussle x June Summers - 6 Inch Heels 
Lets talk about that spitting...Cyhi kills 
I've seen a few gigs in my time, but the set I've heard 
It’s crackinggggggggggggggg 
It's gonna be LIT
It's a smashing hit
The love for 
The wait is finally over!

Healthcare is a 
Follow our Instagram story (
the 
Missing your 
We’re giving you a 
MAKE. THIS. BREAK. THE. INTERNET. 
Now we have 280 characters we can use this space to shout-out to the UK venues we're touring to in (late 2017 &) 2018! 
Tooooooo nice!!!! 
Dreher straight 
 tonight 12 midnight
Cuh 
 booth at 
Mo's the man. 
TWO YEEZY DROPS from 
Our friends 
Fancy working this 
Feel It In The Air 2K18 
Great news for YCC and women's cricket fans! We have been given 2 Kia Superleague games in 2018! 
This is actually decent! You got yourself a regular listener my guy 
Autumn and outside fires... bliss 

         SMALL HUMAN

Send us an update when it's done, Neil. 
Are you tuned in to the 
EXCLUSIVE: i-D cover star Adwoa Aboah joins Blondey McCoy in 
Quick update! Rami Qasem President and CEO, MENAT & India from Baker Hughes, a GE Company joined our speaker's list! Meet him in Hamburg on April 25-26! Get more information: 
ENTER!
Keep your eyes on the horizon 
Wow. Any list with 
Sometimes, dropping into a split is the perfect tennis play. 
Style > Everything

ONE WEEK AWAY from 
 NEW: Does your breakfast have something to say? Quite possibly. 

Coming at you LIVE from 
COMING SOON!! 
Them 
Hoops SZN about to be lit 
Ballin' out 
Jordan Caruso 
Timmy Allen 
Latrelle Franklin 
 


We’ve been dropping 
A Boogie freestyling on Cosmic Kev. Sounding 
6-7 PG Jordan Starr 
Beyond excited to announce Year of the Dog won #1 overall Grand Prize for the Tasting Division at this year’s Scovie Awards in NM! 
Pre 
When you and the crew are 
Next Friday it’s going down in Miami!
Join us and catch the House god 
20.90? Yeah, that’s a 50 back split. Paul Ungur throwing down some 
 skies, 
Happy Birthday to my bro 
Remember, remember, the fifth of November. 
'Cause it's gonna be LIT. 
New Package Alert!!!! 
Harvesting horns 
 still repping! Appreciate the love miamiheat 
The Rams’ audibles for Jared Goff are 
GW moves to 3-0 on the season. 2 10v10s this war.
This is gonna be lit 
Worked with one of our favourite labels 
We're going streaking! 
FRIDAY = CHART DAY 
Manchester NYD Tickets 
Dublin - 
Good start 
No clan can stop 
Some of our attacks from this weekend's 
Tough loss today but lots of learning & we'll be back with pineapples of fire after bye week 
Our boys New Beat is absolute FIRE right now... check out 
Hat off to 

Awesome random Spin!!
Good luck 
New kids on the block excited to meet our friends at 
Friendly war against 
This Weeks’s Money$hot is 


Should be a nice one! 
Awesome random Spin!
 Win!! 
Win! 
Dubai this Thursday it's all 
Absolutely buzzing for my main man from Manc...
Lastnight at Contact
Epic start into GML season 2
I can't wait for 
Brand new 
End your 
The Saturday Night Sound System is 
Daddy Freddy & General levy Classic dub plate for Shanty Crew 
Pull up pull up last nite at the Arch Club in Brighton 
Serious heat from 
We have a TON of great 
New belter from 
Saturday Night has landed 


Been added as a special guest 
I'm takin over the airwaves on 
Wow Friday Night is absolutely Hotttttt Tonight 
Friday Night is 
33+ mins of unadulterated 
Good times smashing Dubai with my candypantsevents bro 
Can't wait to get back behind the decks tonight at 
What a weekend!!
 is growing into a monster 
Say it Loud 
Mad proud of my lil bro 
Tonight I’m back 
Tonight im DJing 
San Francisco! Please welcome special guests 
Due to the unbelievable response to tonight’s afterparty, the guestlist is CLOSED...if you are planning on coming down, please arrive early to avoid disappointment
TWO DAYS TO GO
Bad boy Raheem Sterling 
I’ve been rolling to this all day 
YEW 
You’re right. Cleveland is 
Join us for Camden's most fire Saturday night. We've for your favourite R&B across 2 floors until 3am 
FULL LINEUP ANNOUNCED for 
So good to see my main man Alvin Lee Ryan playing drums with Chagall for the 
 We loved the 
Had a great night going to support our boy 
My boy 
You Don't Know Me is on Pete Tong's Ibiza classics 
THIS is why I make music 
This poem by 
 the goat, Snowfall was so 
Water, Suffer 
thankful for this 
Always fun to go B2B w/my friend 
Only built 4 a Cuban Linx... pt.2 
Still 
damn where was i? this new 
This is one of my favorite 
Got some absolutely naughty tunes to play on 
Dutch 
Dropping on my YouTube channel at 7pm 
Friends of poetry and beauty, please take note! This book is 
I swear it's not fun & games 
 Im Fuckin With Dat New Tape U Drop 
 Go get that new single i just dropped called “ Bad Luck “ 
Listen to Glvckboy The Eskimo (Ft.Bossman Sosa)- Bad Luck by Glvckboy The Eskimo 
Hot Friday 10.11 @ 
In stores now: 
Dropping this 
Mayor 
Parte del trabajo realizado en PR junto a 
Our Minister of Organization, Mina, reading a beautiful poem about her / her family’s experience 
WC swim@back at it tonight- Wyatt Cronk with a FIRST place finish in the 100 Free 
Samuel Willstrop with a FIRST place finish in the 50 Free 
WC men take the top two spots in the 500 Free with Leo Luna in 1st and Steven Gillen in 2nd
Reflecting on lovely weekend 
Bryn Forbes is 
A player like 
Summer 
It's disrespectful that I'm not in the NFL right now , but I just bottle it all in for my next opportunity. 
Fire alarms were going off here at Rupp Arena. I mean, we are shooting better than 50 percent for the third straight game ... 
Just in “Warren Park” 
Happy to be partners with the bull 95.5 Las Vegas! Kings of Leon 
 Easter registration is on 
The pregame intro narrated by Bob Stoops was 
I had one of the best PLC trainings today with such a great team... I am thankful to be a part of 
6 years ago today, Drake released ‘Take Care’ featuring the tracks ‘Crew Love’, ‘HYFR’ & ‘Headlines’ 
Show them you really care with The Reynolds Wrap...a new fragrance by Men5. 
The Brief Wondrous life of Oscar Wao 
THE CITY OF BRASS is in stores now, and I’m going to be going on hiatus while I work on the sequel, so here’s a quick recap if you’re a new follower. 
Your weekend just got wayyyy better.

Oh...I am...and she knows why!!! 
Yooo this 
New
Day filming a new vid with 
DEAS GOOD GATHERING WAS A RAGER 
Cracking couple o’ days making some sweet sweet noise with 
coming soon on KnightVision / Warner Music! 
 unreal
aj tracey's album probably the best thing i've heard all year, alakazam absolutely bangs 
This Friday 
LIVERPOOL
 TONIGHT'S SHOWTIMES 
 Tomorrow NITE y'all 
 THIS THURSDAY 
Man like Nas rocking the new OG Fly Hoodie! Get yours @ 
 bars via 
It was great to have the support of superstar 
AND just for a little more! Your Sunday night fan voted match night 
Big love to 
 Almost 50% of the spaces are now taken for our exclusive 
Thanksgiving is lit thanks to that 
Right now on 
For those of you who haven't seen it yet @primeparksessions is absolutely on 
Monday mood but you're still dreaming about last weekend?!?
Ohhhhh what a weekend?? 
So excited to witness 
DECEMBER WE'RE READY FOR YOU! 
Ladies and gentlemen, boys and girls, our two shows supporting The King Blues are NEXT WEEK 
THANKYOU House of Fun that was MEGA 
Having a clear out? Too much for the dustmen! Bring any old furniture along 28th Oct for Rusthall Bonfire! No flytipping in advance please 
If you can volunteer 28th Oct at Rusthall Bonfire please message me! Thank you in advance for retweets 
It's Friday it's PROSECCO TIME! Come us see us for a mulled bellini and a start by the fire 
Traders, fancy doing a stint in a shopping centre near you in 2018? Hurry up then - applications to 
Ready for Dec 1st 1950 
That boy 
TONIGHT -- 
Dinosaurs meet the wild west in our latest High-Five interview on the BackerKit blog!
WE DEM BOIS!
JAM AND A HALF!!! 

Looking forward to this 
 sitzprobe today! Those with tickets are in for a treat. Orchestra is ON IT 
Where were you when AUSTRALIA SAID YES?! ON AN EMPTY PLATFORM WAITING FOR A DELAYED TRAIN! YES!!!!!! 
Behind the curtain at 
Heading to a date from hell - IKEA. Even though I've noted the aisles and locations of everything I want to get I'm still dreading it. 
Not to stop... 
With good vibes into the new week 
That was a difficult but well deserved win. Back to 8 points clear at the top!! 
Three more points for us! 
Thanks for voting me 
Final preparations for 
We keep on rollin' 
Bulgaria prep training this week, junior team on 
4/4 
The unbeaten run continues!!! 
A long night at the Etihad with a happy end for us 
Matchday! 
 The Rhythm of The Night 
Fuckkkkk. Just watched the video for ‘The Aura’ and it’s the absolute bollocks. Bravo 
Very cool to see my old friends in 
What’s more cozy than fire, whisky and bbq? Snuggle up tonight our Buffalo House pop up 
Newsletter time! 
The idubbbz diss track on ricegum is pure 
 Hot off the press: “Sprudge - Issue #88” 
Oh yessss 
I fw this 
Just under 2 weeks to go until the first World Class Players camps. Visit 

featuring the best of the best.
Our rework of the classic anthem ‘The Orange Theme’ is out now on 
What a feeling to be through to the semi finals tomorrow. 
new N.E.R.D tho 
Can’t wait to do my first 
Some heavy promos from 
reposted as it's sure to be pure
Fact. Not fiction 
FRIDAY 
What an amazing party this was last weekend at 
Out tomorrow on Elements, this 
Looking forward to playing in 
GET YOUR TICKETS TO SEE 
Now playing 
!!! Big TY's to 
I ain't partying, I'm watching 
 New music is on the way! 
 have a great weekend! 
This man 
TODAY 
★ "THERAPY" Is the name of the solo album of my brother FABIO FUSCO, which includes a collaboration that we made in the beautiful Hamburg  
 
ROOOOOOOOOLLING!  
THIS WORLD BELONG TO US!!
FOLLOW ME ON SPOTIFY! 
FREE EVENT ALERT
 Let’s start the week!! Studio day! 
 Follow me on INstagram! 
More from the 
 join us this friday @ 21:00 PM (GMT) for 
OUT 27/11/17
F.G. Noise - Hornet
[Kearnage]

New music on 
I need to spend more time on the dance floor. Last night was 
CONCRETE SPIRIT 
It's time for some 
Shoutout to our friends over at 
On Mondays, we party. 
We’re in for another MASSIVE 
Our host tonight is 
Turntable mastermind 
It's a family affair when they all come to visit! Don't miss an all-new 
Listening to a mix from 2004 
Need to see 
So amped to announce I will be joining 
VOLAC - No Love REMIXES EP
coming soon 
We’re bringing 
Parcour Part 2!!
  DOUBLE TROUBLE for COSMIC  Royale Saturdays
IF YOURE IN PHX GO SEE MY DUDES 
Yooooo the good doc 
 Oi! 
Boston! Can't wait to be back at 
 IN THE PIT OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO 
MY MAN zachstroh MADE ME THESE CUSTOM tretorn levis KICKS 
 killed it last night 
BIJOU - GOTTA SHINE FT. 
GOT MY BOYS 
The Arm Super-set of the week with 
**READY!? 50% OFF EVERYTHING STOREWIDE!!! GO!!!!**
Max Effort’s Black Friday is here!!  Tell your friends, tell your family, tell everyone!
Receive 50% off STORE WIDE! This will be an automatic deduction! 
Special Edition Thanksgiving 
**OUR BRAND NEW SWEET TEA FLAVOR HAS ALSO BEEN ADDED TO OUR INDUSTRY LEADING POST WORKOUT CATEGORY!!
Because everyone at Max Effort is so excited about the launch of this flavor, we decided to give it to you for FREE! That's right!**

My brother! 
Boys Soccer is on 
My mind is set on all these new projects I'm starting after work with some of my favorite jersey club producers 
“Do You Still Feel” by 
Literally EVERYTHING 
Have you checked out the new SGC merch yet?
hype to see my guys 
 got me pointing fingers wall-to-wall and making the the grimiest bass faces with this one 
Let’s gooo!! 
A bitch
Are you a marketer? Do you use marketing automation (please say yes...)? Check out our 
S/o to 
11 songs you need in your life this week, featuring 
Stay Gold, 
One week until the official music video for 
 EDITOR PICK 
 check it out
What. A. Catch. 
huge win for the sooners + trae dropped 43 
 is active
Let's spend the end of the night chatting around the fire 
From 48 professional chefs to the final 14. 
Odell Beckham Jr is a poor man’s Davante Adams. 
It's time for the best chefs of the week to meet their competition. 
Three more professional chefs have become MasterChef quarter-finalists...
 Flames light up the sky in 
It’s no ones birthday, we’ve no idea how she know’s how to sing this but my heart is on 
Need some mash for all the bangers out the day! Class tracks from both 
Can’t wait to contribute to this awesome program. Be there! 
To kickstart that last journey around the sun in my 30s, I'm going with fire! 
“Don’t complain; ask. Normally underneath every critique is a wish.” 
Talk about making an entrance 
Atelier 
I adore you  
Omg Alyssa, you’re on 
Guys 
Front and center 
Sheeeesshhhh 
Watch this video 3 times a week 
THANK YOU to all of our amazing restaurants, sponsors, and to all of YOU for making 
In his first year eligible, 
49 states. 36 countries. 6 continents. 
Our international restaurant 
Angered by the (not unexpected) unending list of men abusing their power?Want to stand with survivors of sexual assault? We are launching our 
We enjoyed an informative assembly by P2/3 on firework safety. We wish all of our families a fun but safe bonfire weekend. 
More gold. More 
Tom Brady = fuego. 
 ELA Chair pitches a powerful concept at 
Son on song. Tottenham on fire. 
AFTA-1 and Melbourne's best: Amin Payne, members of 30/70 and Horatio Luna, Cazaeux Oslo (SO.Crates) and N'fa Jones 
A joint album from Big Sean and Metro Boomin is coming this month 
Little production vibes with the homie 
Time for the 
Friday 8th December we've got 
This is going to be 
 my boy drew this up for me!! 
This fire did NOT want to go out. 
Plotting the perfect fire 
GodFather is here !Thank you for all my knowledge 
Day 4 of 
If you missed Demo Day check out the Full Event here: 
Toffee apples, 
The Must Have Office Posters For Any Startup or Home Office In 2018 
“If my friends here want to give a tax cut to the middle class, why don’t we give a tax cut to the middle class? Why don’t we put the money directly there?” -
TNGHT LA! Don’t miss one 
Calgary Flames logo, bringing back Wages' Atlanta Flames design 
Tonight's Late Show line up is 
Sunday night show is 
Lots of people been asking for examples of Ghost running in the wild, so 
Another new feature you say? 
Ohhshiiit 
Dopest thing I've heard all year 
"THE FRESHMAN JUST RAN IT BACK TO PHILADELPHIA!" 


Gary Harris full 360 layup 
Glasgow’s Care Home and Day Care Learning Event 2 is on 
This Guy looks ready for tonight’s bonfire 
Lantern kits are now in stock at 
No debate 
Don’t forget we are open until 23.00 tonight folks! 

We’ve even got the heating on for you all 
EAT THIS 
Tonight’s menu
Just wrapped up an awesome week in the studio w/ 
Research conducted by John Gunn, research assistant professor of forest management and researcher with the NH Agricultural Experiment Station finds wood pellets cut home heating GHGs in half. 
 what a signing 
FIRE UP
This generation is just getting started 
Playing with fire. 
BLACK FRIDAY IS HERE! 
Gates are open. Get ready for 
LED Display Water Shower Thermometer  
DIY Electric Egg Roll Machine 
No words 
Kill me now 
If you're living in denial: You'll be waiting for deliverance in a situation that requires discipline. 
36 days until 
Business is about to pick up. 
39 days. 
You never know what you'll find in the bedding section 
2018 
that new new 
Proud to announce that my teammate 
Burgundy x burgundy = 
Happens every time... 
Diggin the new 
"Being obedient will grow your faith. Faith is like a muscle. You grow more each time you follow through and obey him." Mike was on! 
Sooo, 
When your goalkeeper is the most skilful player on the team 
First batch of support acts for the tour 
Retweeted Native Instruments (
 Get to know the music of 
Incineration Fest 2017  
The Internet was 
Cinnamon 
Ooh what's this? New 
Heavyweight session with 
St Catherine’s Monastery, Sinai, where God appeared to Moses
We are excited to announce that we have an interview with South-London’s finest 
We did it!! 
Who's hot? Who's not? Comment with your 
Who's hot 
Who was HOT
THE MEAT IS IN THE FREEZER - ep 16 
THE BOULET BROTHERS 
We will not forget 
Cold Saturday nights call for feasting with fine company - come into the warm and tuck in 
Bonfire 
That flick. 
Tearing up the track right now is the women's flying lap, some relentless efforts on display tonight 
Sea Bream with Smoked Jerusalem Artichokes and Golden Raisins... 
Whole Stuffed Rotisserie Quail with Satay Sauce 
Home smoked chokes 
Indi Cowie has more skills than you ever will... 
Mutton Shawarma Kati Roll 
Day 17⠀
⠀

5. 
Refreshing the game! 
Tune in as dive into some free + easy music promo tips. You don't want to miss out on these. 
Amsterdam - korea - amsterdam - helsinki - vilnius - rotterdam in 48 hours
Do you want to live an inspiring 
Successful 
Progressive will never die 
hahahaha see you there
FLOW!
Who's ready for new Mightyfools music? 
"Born in the water" coming in 
Bring yourself in out of the cold and snow this evening and join us by our wood burning fire. Enjoy a leisure drink and great company. 
@ElevationAvenue & @The59SoundBand this Saturday

FULL LINE UP NOW ANNOUNCED 
INCOMING. 
PLAY THAT ZOMBIE!!! 
Buffalo chicken is back! 
UCF lit 
Can't stop, won't stop posting about our 
 THE WAIT IS OVER 
We're ALL about smokey 
This Sale is Everything 
Our social media is on 
Remember about our competition 
We brought the 
All of the lights 
This song makes Sergio Garcia's 
Presented by 
The SoxFest lineup is STACKED 
Without entrepreneurs who work tirelessly to create incredible companies, lacrosse would not be where it is today. Go check out the latest lacrosse Innovators in the 2017 LaxWeekly Christmas MiniMag
 uniforms by 
New posters are 
2019 Midfielder Pete Sitton with 
Keep your BBQ 
A hot grill needs 
Waking up with the most 
Kyle Guy was on 
Rookie 
Can't cool this guy down 
These two people are 
THE REAL 
So excited for Elevations new sermon series. Not only does it give me Stranger Things Vibes but the topic is
They're baaaaaacccckkkk!!! This is the 
New wall graphics inside the Football Operations Center are 
When it went green I thought he might Transform into Optimus Prime 
Medicine welcomes Rebecca Greystone Magnet CE - Medicine is on 
After hitting 4-of-6 from behind the arc on Tuesday, 
“I was a broadcast journalism major at 
This MASH UP 
Lance is back, like he never left.

(via 
 hitting .700 in Set 2. 
We're coming in 
On fire tonight
Bringing sexy back
Jart —> Truth teller 
Big W 
Kevin Davy White 
Let's go the Force 
Adidas is bringing the 
Well hello there old friend... SO chuffed that 
Burn your opposition 
Boys, are yall ready for what's coming???


Blistering pace from Will Talbot-Davies to score a length-of-the-field try!

But 
Game Day Fam 
Awesome shift my brothers. Man of the match 
Starting tomorrow, I’ll be at Tokyo Comicon all 3 days! I’ve got issues of Mech Cadet Yu on hand and will be furiously drawing commissions
New Zealand starter plays 
Good day at the office 
Not gonna lie, 
Our new surf map is 
Get it while it’s hot! The 
The entire world needed to see her. She was so gorgeous! Also so so so talented! Oh God, definitely a highlight for me as well 
Fri. 12/1 - Head to SOBs for Trap Glo NYC, presented by Live from the Trap! Feat. a full line up of Djs playing your favorite trap music all night & glow in the dark art 
Great show last night 
It's the 
Awesome!! Bring It!!
Happy Friday Cape Town!! 

Artist Announcement #2


Who is ready for 2018??? 
Are you ready to find out who is in the 
"O captain! My captain".

Movie number 8 coming up next on 
He sure did. 
Yasis, it’s 
We got 
In 2002, Opening Ceremony created its first logo, a nod to the Olympics and its ethos of global exchange. Today, Torch is here
Tonight's entertainment is 
MAN U's HOT!
Forbes uses Workbox for caching their front-end assets on Forbes Poland: 
 Yasis, 
New blog post: "The Cost Of JavaScript" 
 The next version of VS code will automatically add your import statements as you use functions from your project
Ai no,that song ya Heavy K yenza ama other 
Heavy K x Bucie best duo to come out of SA House Music 
 
The Drumboss In Zambia 
Level up your 
Hoya Been Waiting For This 
Beautiful music. Play some city rains by Mobi Dixon. The strings on this song 
You still have 3 more time slots to catch this 
One of the greatest vocalist in mzansi. 
FREE 
Touchline Weekend 
 killing it at 
 Showing support for Cass this coming weekend
Tomorrow ziyawa at the rusty summer fiesta!! we're going to be there so Do not miss it!! Its going to be a littty
 Last night at work dankie baba 
Another day of work about to start, hope you guys are ready for some 
 and the recipe is so good we can't for you guys to taste what we been cooking in the 
 everything coming out under the moniker StuSimons is 
SUPER DANK SHOUT OUT FROM 
Success, and more success!!! 
dont sleep
still bouncing & vibing from 
Team FireStart day out at Walton Heath Golf Club!! 
HUGE shouts to my brother 
 Listen to this fire 
Huge congratulations to EuroPro Rookie of the Year MK Kim who shot a 62 final round to qualify for final stage of 
Thank brotha! RT 
Magic trick level 99999 
Writing back-end systems using 
Had so much fun performing at the 
Can we all talk about this 
Cheyenne Jackson finds love on the dance floor in a new movie musical 
Finally! 
Win 3RD ROW tix to see 
This. Wow. 
Runnin that 
I'm proud to present you my video recap for the last 
Night Two of the tour 
First night of the tour of 
 The Big Pescado coming 1/16/18
JERSEY CITY IS SUPER LIT 
Madness... i can’t even breathe in here lol! sorrynotsorrynyc it lit! 
9PM Tonight !!!
11.29.2017 // Season 2 EP 04


Let's Go !!!
11.29.2017 // Season 2 EP 04


Tonight !!!
10.25.2017 // Season 2 EP 03


Next Wednesday 09.27.2017 / S2 EP02


Tonight ! 08.23.2017
Celebrating the 1st year anniversary.

 
w00t, because 
Totally just woke up thinking WOW that was a comfortable sleep and AN AMAZING DINNER! 
A special extended cut of the Try Guys absolutely failing at making 
Do yourself a favor and listen to this craft 
Only heard 2 songs off of 
Hot damn! 
NORMANI AND ALLY DID THAT ! 
First love remixes tomorrow 
New 
My nigga 
Hip hop heads y’all go check out my fams 
Just played that new 
We’re giving you a 
Hot spot night... how I like my dipping sauce 
NEW VIDEO IS TRENDING ON 
NEW 
Turn up the HEAT, baby 
My new photos are 
Dan Petry made a return visit to the mound and threw 
That girl is 
 Cyber Monday Exclusives

Make it out 
With 3 min left in the game Wise is up 38-14 over Quince Orchard
A steaming hot performance! 
This routine was 
Check Out Ghostface Killers 
MOTORSPORT OUT NOW
Check It Out 
Los Angeles lets do this 
 REMIX with @NSGNSGMUSIC out tomorrow 
gonna be 
Do You Like... Lordtronik (?)
prophetsofrage zenith_paris 
TOMORROW! Getting Sloppy w/ 
Shouts out to everyone who showed UP & showed OUT with me and the 
 at 
 NEW: Does your breakfast have something to say? Quite possibly. 

Coming at you LIVE from 
Everyone seems to be on 
My man 
Stay safe & sensible everyone 
Human Torch shit!  
“If my friends here want to give a tax cut to the middle class, why don’t we give a tax cut to the middle class? Why don’t we put the money directly there?” -
Warm up 
The whole family is in love with 
That's a wrap on season 1 of 
He broke out with an All-Star season. We're breaking out a new Smoak bobblehead pres. by 
The new single from 
Navy's Blue Angels-inspired uniforms 
Respect 
Much respect! 
The best rivalry games, all wrapped up in one ticket pack. 
Check out my EXTREME SPICY RAMEN NOODLE CHALLENGE w/ 
1H 3:12 | Bears 28, Gaels 36
Senior to senior connection 
Royal blues making their 2017 debut on Sunday
Damian Lillard might be the most underrated player in the league. 
Yeaaa tone!!! 
10 knockout 
We really different out here
USC WR Michael Pittman Jr. (
My senior season has officially begun… 
Section Champs baby 
Straight Ballers 
Let’s See If We Can Bring Our Own 
Rookie 
Thanks for the visit coaches!! 
Straight 
From 4-7 in 2016 to Section Champions in 2017 
Heat!!! 
Damn, 
Really happy with that round this morning, gave myself plenty of opportunities and the putter was 
Proud of our guys!! Keep grinding 
I saw this last night.
It's a joyous bit of theatre with a great message and hilarious performances.
If I had a kid, I'd be low key disappointed in the child, if it didn't enjoy 
               
ALL RAP PARTY

Yo! Excited to be at 
The truth beneath the book jacket: the spines are 
Visit our on-campus store for pins (only $1!). Beanies and more in store and online at 
TONIGHT 8pm ET The 
 Seat 
Get your Christmas list ready. 
TONIGHT at 8 ET! The 
Don't miss 
The Hot Seat is getting 
Tonight 8 pm The 
FUCK YEAH 
 don’t sleep
The paper that came out today on about the football team was
Oh boy today’s 
TMac before the injuries 
Hype.


Available at tomorrow's sale 
Watch this video 3 times a week 
WE THE REAL RAIDERS! 
 Who ya got? Round 
Congrats Felicia! 100 back Champion with a time of 54.48 
Too 
What a beastttt 
Love when Bay Area rappers succeed s/o to 
A Boogie freestyling on Cosmic Kev. Sounding 
Turning wood into 
Some shooting in the Pro Am at 
Denim on denim vibes 
Which under-the-wall free-kick by the Magician was better? 
"Coutinho's fooled everybody!" 
 | His strike put us on our way to victory and it seemed like he was everywhere today... 

Gylfi gets your vote as MotM! 
Just how I dreamt it
 Through to the quarter finals! 
101 HOURS Japan Hotel Sale! 
 NRFL Awards race heats up 
The club are helping out at 
Gameday at my Sister's house is about to get 
I don't want to set the world on fire 
I just want to start a flame in your heart
RT if you loved this episode! 
We’re back TONIGHT with a hot new 
Hype much? 
9Betfair Price Boosts
Man City V West Ham

“We don’t need to drag each other down.” — 
25% off everything at 
"It's almost Girls Gone Wild, for real, but Kortni style." (NSFW) 
Mondays just became the hottest day of the week 
You don't wanna miss this year's Soul Cypher! 
We're still thinking about 
The whole album is 
Pre production music. Album is 
Tonight is the NIGHT! Last show of 2017 we're at London's beautiful 
T-shirts ordered and due for delivery to HQ in the next 48 hours ready for dispatch? Oh, go on then! 
My Saturday Night! 
Today's adventure 
50 RT’s

Official 2017 highlight video.


Sure is
 The 2 Grand Dig Hill 80 
Delighted to win 
Aston Villa's 
Never forget this one, 
Missed this year's 
Thanks to all our 
Feeling on 
So. Much. Fire ! 
It maybe cold but the girls are on fire at this afternoon’s netball
 Frontface 
 to the title winning shot from 
New banger out with the 
So pleased to announce i’m the newest member of 
super special last track for 
Man like Boofy 
Trigganom

Hot Like the Equator (prod. by Famous Eno) 

That moment when you look in the mirror on a Saturday night and realise you look 
0121 is killin it! Huge congratulations to 
Tavua coming through with that heat stroke 
 lorealpro 
badman 
FIRST SINGLE OFF HIS NEW PROJECT! MY BROTHER HAS DONE IT AGAIN 
Our weekly track selection is back with Midweek Heat! This week we've picked out killer tunes from 
Mytus - Kickin In 
Inna mi Socks and sliders 
Me when they bring negative bullsh
Just listening through Jafu's new album 
The beauty of crew tings is flaunting your events for more reach! Yes yes my cosies people! Do da ting 
This week's releases are 
meet the producers behind 
Crazy Cousinz x Yxng Bane x Mr Eazi x Lily McKenzie - No Way [Music Vide... 
Support the new 
Aiii!!! the new 
Supporting the new 
Please Support my bro’s new video 
Always love for 
Go check out 
Lil Yachty previews some new music. Sounding 
Woiii the new 
Oi this is a banger!!
Still can't get over how good this weekend was! Out to 
Let's do this 
Dis is cold 
Bodies galore if 
 ummmm yeah this is a flipping banger !!! 
New Single 
 is the UK’s Version of Drake 
Bass Camp Festival @ Khar Social (2 Rooms) in Mumbai Tonight 
Brand New 
Not only that, but we’ve got the exclusive first play of 
ICYMI...

Hospitality In The Dock 2018: Car Park /w 
Vibes on vibes on vibes 
One of UK's treasures 
Fox 
Finally going to see 
YES YOU BLOODCLAUT!!!!

More tracks dropping tonight from 6pm from the 
The week begins with 
Don't sleep on this belter of a release! 
Do remember and don't forget catch 
Big shouts to all repping 
 live now 
Tonight we celebrate 6 years of events and 10 years of 
This week's Friction Fire is a huge one from 
BIG
 bit behind but your headz ep is something else mate. Out of luck is ridiculous 
Don't wanna be moody..... But my gosh 
Gatwick bound from Copenhagen. Shouts to 
En route to Gatwick.. Copenhagen bound for 
Met the donny himself 
 has just dropped his bday bash line up 
Big up the Leeds and Sheffield gang last night and of course big up 
New Music : Reeko Squeeze [
on the come up artists to look out for 
FLOWERS IN THE TRAP ALBUM IS OUT NOW !!! 
RT TO WIN: Tartelette Toasted palette 
BIG UP 
That’s what I talking about 
 looking forward to 
Next up 
NEW YORK TRAX 06 by Liquid Asset will be out on vinyl and digital on December 1 
Coming into Monday hot! 
These remixes are pure 
A little look at what is going on this week 
Denver was LIT 
NEW VIDEO - Listen To This At Your Own Risk… 
LENGENDARY 
New 30min mix ahead of me playing 
Zing! 
Out here in China for the first time 
Lost Lands was 
Thanks for crushing dc 
Very happy to Present my “Mouse Trap EP” which will be available from 22nd December on 
Just 2 days till these 2 monster tracks drop!
The work of a legend with 2 of the scenes best mc’s = certified bangers 
So much fire on this, my kind of hiphop 
OUT NOW !!

Part 1 of 
He said it!!! 
 has just announced his birthday bash line up!!!

Always one of the sickest ways to kick off the new year 
This set is doin bits at work! 
Just a selection of sweatshirts  from the 150 items added to the site today! 
You guys killed us that day 
This remix is absolutely insane!!!!
just spent an hour shuffledancing to 
Dropping our new collab with Green Velvet "Take Your Time" - 
COME JOIN THE MIDWEEK MAYHEM TONIGHT @ DIRTY DISCO!!! 

OUT NOW from 
Wanna get swanky? There you go! Our newest EP Get Swanky is OUT NOW! Check this out!
Yo Minsk! Have you been waiting for this? 
Do you know what it is? It’s a new track produced with our brothers 
New release on SHOWLAND available NOW! 


Our official video on the newest release 'One Million Dollars' is OUT NOW! Enjoyed the track? Check out the video! 
Shoutout to 
The aftermovie of the 
Label bosses 
Who's coming to party with us? 
LINEUP ANNOUNCEMENT
60 World Renowned DJ's!
6 Days & Nights of House Hedonism! 
I can't wait for 
No EP for December. But we got 2 great bangers coming. More news next week! 
New Playlist Takeover by 
Just thinking about last weekend &  how 
What do you think about ONE MILLION DOLLARS?
The official video for ‘One Million Dollars' is live NOW on Spinnin' TV: 
Serious heat from 
FUCK YEAH!!! GHOUL SQUAD GOING TO 
2 amazing tracks from a team of 3 amazing artists only on Large Music. 
Attack + Fire alarm from last night 
Just copped my 
 is about to be too lit!
New Music! 3 tracks of absolute 
Absolute scenes at 
Back in Room 2 tomorrow at 
Up next 
The capital’s biggest Saturday night is back tonight! 
We got an early look at the 
  it’s Lit 
That new 
 My favourite set from last night! On fire 
Join us every week for the biggest Saturday night In Cardiff


Tonight is looking like another monster at 
Tonight!

Soooooooo the 
Supporting my buddy 
ADE that was incredible, see you next year!
Last night was insane!
Almost time for ADE!
OUT TOMORROW 
So incredibly proud of our good friend... let's go 
KILLER mix from 
Issa Movie 
Oh yes, Oh yes!
Mr. Carl Cox 
Early Bird Tickets for Sonus Festival 2018 are sold out! 
Pan-Pot's set back in August was pure 
What a set Solomun (Official) 
Loving the new one from 
Hi-ho. Hi-ho. Off to do 
Should we release the merchandise today instead of Friday? 
Clearwater, Montreal and Denver this week 
Our brand new remix is OUT TODAY!! If you like it share the love! 
Amazing night at Temple Denver! 
Touchdown Denver! See you all tonight at Temple 
See you tonight Vancouver at Celebrities!! 
Coming back to Canada this week! See you soon Vancouver! 
On our way to San Francisco!! See you tonight at Temple 
Locals do it better 
That feeling when you finish the next single 
What a pleasure it was to interview 
WHAT. A. WEEK/WEEKEND 
3 more hours until we welcome back 
New heat from 
Not mad about seeing 
 the below clip to get an exclusive message from 
Sunset Strip hangin' 
Let me just say.. it was a very...very.. sexual morning... 
 Your new pic and comment on 
Finally you can check out 
 
INSTAGRAM: @ KingDevyne 

Come learn this TOMORROW!
MONDAY
5PM

hot shows
 NEW 
ohhh bitch 
Nah this 
Ms Banks rode TF outa this beat 
fuk it up then
 photos I shot of 
Let's get 'Che Che' to a million YouTube hits! Mayorkun on a different waveeeee.. 
‘CHIP - ABOUT TIME FT. KOJO FUNDS’ VIDEO OUT NOW 
BRAND NEW VIDEO ‘SKRAPZ FT. CHIP - HIGH SPEC’ OUT NOW!!! 
Who am I 
NEW MUSIC OUT NOW.... 
New Tanika video Kingston13 out now 
 HAS MADE HISTORY!!! Will forever be a ONE OF THE GREATEST. defo got powers. 
Chip 
So excited to have Omar S, Move D, 
NYE > Nottingham 
 with 
I'm about to fire up 
Few selected girlies on my class yesterday 
LSC - OMG 
mastersperformingarts    my FIRST YEARS aren't playing!!! Ignite Show 2017 
When you see one of your favorite Filthy Fellas on TV 
  x 
I wish there were more bars on Soul Food 
Man like KDB and Kyle Walker! Baller alert. Go easy on the title chase lads. Give everyone else a chance 
 the real question is how BOOSIE kept the fade tight for 20 + years 
18 Minute Low Impact Home Workout  
This. 
Just launched my new Energy Drinks....
Thanks to everyone that is supporting me and stocking them.

It's more like a Red Bull type of buzz than a pre-workout but so far everyone is loving it 
Mic Righteous - Acne (AJ Tracey Send) 
A well deserved point at Anfield. Time to focus on Wednesday. Away fans were 
Absolutely outrageous from 
Mr FC and I are away for the weekend, as a last little getaway before there's even more chaos! There's a lovely lounge with a log burning stove; we will have one of these one day. There's something about real fire 
Biscuits. Need we say more? Well if we do, bacon egg and cheese on a biscuit....
Battle over 'Who is on 
tf are we ON the sun?! 
, this ones for you
From P15 to P8!
Tomorrow is our final race 
Time to get some work done! Guess what day it is tomorrow? Shipping Monday! 
Party Sunday Sureee stream later 
Wanna support our partners? Get these 
Have you signed up on the site yet? 
The album is out! So I'm giving away this 
Most Wokest Badman Of 2017
So good I’ve listened to it twice today!
Ep 21 
This sex is on fire 
The official 
I was prepping this fire 
This is a judgement free zone. The show's gonna be lit 
Check out the updates of the Six Invitational that will take place from February 13 to 18 with sixteen teams for a 500 000$ cash prize 
MAP 2:

We are fucking champions
Guess the score against 
Coming at ya’ Live 
We're just a week away from 
no more words needed! Saturdays line up is lit 
 was on FIRE to open 
Ward Family’s First Bonfire 
RT and like this tweet for a chance for a follow and free pizza. I'm picking the winner in 24 hours, yeet
AK-47 JAGUAR FN  
Day 4 of 
 AWP Asiimov Giveaway


Massive win for 
TODAY IS THE DAY MY BOY , BRING THAT FIRE 
 Step up your game with this crispy World Best Gaming apparel from 
After like 20months of ideation and preparation we bring you  
ANNOUNCING: Gears Pro Circuit Season 2 -- doubled $2 MILLION prize pool, more team travel, partner program & more! 
Proud of my boys. We did what we could but came up short for t16, appreciate all the love and support we’ve received this weekend. It feels good to be back 
Links
 on fire 
Wow the boys on 
Boom! 3-0 for 
TW ZOMBA GIVEAWAY (PCC)
(Got 2 Pairs don’t need both)

FOLLOW+RT+LIKE TO ENTER!

WINNER ANNOUNCED 1/12/17!


Relive the 2017 
Getting ready for the holidays? Artisanal cheese is a real crowd pleaser! 
Yours truly at 1:21 (my hand) and 1:25. 
Reddit time
Big fraze 
Yo!
We need to spread the word on this one!

WORLD FINALS HYPE! Ready to see it all go down - should be some ridiculous matches today. 
Got the 
My favorite mouse is back. The 
There you have it! 
 you can now represent us!! Our jerseys are on sale now! Grab one before they go! 
What a game that was!! Took it down to the wire!! Thank you 
'KILL EEEEEEEEEM' - The 
Day 1- Hell of a Hill! 
My best friends opened up the hottest karaoke bar in Toronto in ktown. Go there and tell Daniel or Leah you know me 
Champion 
It was really EPIC 
Full concentration.

Rafa en fuego 
UK support announcements. 
Who’s getting excited for Christmas ??? 
Getting closer 
Poland! Wroclaw show is now sold out 
Go check out our Merch store 
What a try! 
Incredible!! 
Itching for the our first World Cup game tomorrow. Catch us live, 3.45pm NZT vs Canada 
Nail biting stuff. Well done, 
 090 w/ 
Hope you all had a good bonfire night last night! 
What a lovely evening we had last night, did you have a good bonfire night? 
Working on 
 What did a day behind the scenes of 
 Which grappler gets your vote in 
 One week from today, 
 We want YOUR opinion! Who will be the MVP of NYC next Saturday? Make your choice known! 
 8 Days, 8 Grapplers, 1 KASAI World Lightweight Champion | 
 Nine days remain. The action will be insane. Not your ticket? Better think again... 
Come and relax in.....
It's Juicy tonight featuring Kiss FM's 
Party with us for Juicy tomorrow, as we're joined by not one, or two, but three guests. Featuring Sony signed producer Sondr, Kiss FM DJ 
You don’t have to be the fastest, the fittest or the strongest to 
Great job by Chef Andrew representing 
What happens when you put 
It's about to get LIT 
So it's time to smash 
In Flames 
Prepare to see fire wings, burning crosses & other amazing props spinning at 
London 
Beat the heat 
What a tune that is though 
Lighting up last weeks 
Some choice 
New belter from 
Always fun to go B2B w/my friend 
Playing with fire. 
Woodside bred progeny take 1st -Pachino Boy & 3rd - Tina turban in R5 
You don't need your eyes open to feel the heat in 
Finishing the year strong! 
The Unsigned 360: Latasha Alcindor "Practice on the Q Train" 
"You must be ready to burn yourself in your own flame; how could you rise anew if you have not first become ashes?" Friedrich  Nietzsche 
Because that shit was 
seriously y’all should cancel Karaoke Thursday now on this high note it’s over so nice 
More crack from my boy 
 i want you to check out 
And the reevaluation of the 
See 
Netflix or Chill? 
My brother!! RT 
Picture this.... 
 RT 
Childish Gambino rapping over the Stranger Things theme 
Going Kraaaaaaaazzzyy!! 
Salute to Benny and Green. This project 
Making 
Made some new additions to my collection today. 
Future Trojans 
May the dreams of your past be the reality of your future 
THE PERILOUS NIGHT 
Need to spice things up? Get your hands on our NEW Buffalo Mary! 
Come try our NEW Buffalo Mary!
On days like this, we could use the Button Detail Cami 
The beginner's guide to the gym - face your fears!! 
High rise Hot Pants + yellow laces = 
 Let's goooo!! Retweet if reading! It's a GREAT one tonight folks 
In the words of DJ KHALED.... “Another ONE” 
Results from the last 2 nights from the optimal lineup from 
 optimal lineup 
Oi oi!! 
Dennis Skinner unleashes the inner Beast and Rips into the Tory 
Guys and Dolls Trailer! 
 very comprehensive, interactive and enjoyable course 
Bummed I didn’t know 
WITH A LITTLE BIT OF LUCK
THESE BABIES WILL BE DELIVERED IN THE NEXT FEW DAYS 
Yo is it just me, or does Beethoven - Symphony No. 5 low key slap
Trapped in the void 
On site for today’s crimbo Science spectacular with 
The VR stuff here is 
The homie 
Accidentally just discovered 
Man Utd at home 
 unreal
Confidence on his debut from 
That is the best I’ve ever seen Stevenage play in recent memory 
"Would've been nice to have (the double chance) last year. Oh we had it easy didn't we, with the bye. I forgot about that." 
City was on fire tonight. View from the 
“Do what sets you on fire” 
A super 
fence looks 
Things are heating up 
Bajan! Our 10k 
VERY impressive 
Hasn’t won since Rudd was pm & he was shorter than a garden gnome. 
10/10 ride on Sedanzer 
Wow, 
 has a unique ability to combine together and transform the four natural elements into extraordinary 
Sensational day with DELUXE ROCKER leading from pilar to post & making it four wins for the Waterhouse/Bott team 
Great set tonight from 
Zilla Entry 2 of 2 Today

Race 8 Finger Lakes

That is absolutely disgusting from futsal legend Falcao. 
Quick fire questions with Charlie Puth 
Meet Callum Aylott: The 
Bringing money to life using sport today 
Gary Harris full 360 layup 
Coming out party for 
 - congrats 
Ladies & Gentleman it's GAMEDAY!!!!! First game of sections at 7pm at home
First finals of December, coming in hot 
 League Moments drop!! You can now find Sapphire 
Frogs start the 3Q on 
Go Check out that 
HE HURDLED HIM!


Everyone watch and retweet my full senior season highlight video
Which song the most 
Today I found out I was voted on the 7-5a All District Football Team as a Safety
 once upon of time I was juggin and scammin I was swipin down at Ruth for the steak and salmon
Dis Mf Slap 
 you really out did yourself with this 
Aye cuhh tht Perky King goin in 
 stay dropping 
 wins
New Smokepurpp x Murdabeatz . Sounding 
Smoke Purpp & Murda Beatz previewing some new music.. 
Alright Post. 
Introducing my new Official Branding! 
Dammmmm my manz on Xbox be handing them L’s 
This is what you all asked for...

Playing 
New York Adventure Vlog is up! 
I’m live people 
This scene is straight 
 cant believe i just had a whole convo with the lead designer of Red like what has my life come to this shit straight fire
Streaming some fortnight
7pm we lied 
I pierced my ears
good morning everyone get up and be productive... or be lazy because that’s fun too
FOLLOWING SPREE! TWEET ME PICS UNDER 
tour is about to be 
time to start listening to christmas music
new vid out!
SNEAK PEAK
Watched your highlight video and we are already getting giddy. Our Midfield is going to be 
Hamza bringing la sauce to 
“There You Go”, a gift from 
Siboy is going in!! 
Belgian rapper ISHA isn’t clowning around on this one. 
“TAKE IT AS IT IS – MUSIC IS SOMETHING TO ENJOY” Read the full story with Spanish trap sensation 
Mahalia providing those throwback R&B vibes…Full show here: 
Our 2nds beat mmucnetball2017 50-38 
 deals are comin' in hot 
Get your hands on our Fujin Drill Top to escape the cold as the winter weather draws in! 
A fire moment 
MEDAL WINNERS! Big up Yuki and Olivia for their bronze medal in women's doubles. 
BOOM 
Busy morning here in court number one at Swansea Crown - four defendants sentenced in 90 minutes. 
A father consoles his son on pre-match injury disappointment but 
 THIS THURSDAY 
Fresh dough, ready and waiting for us to fire up for you at @city_socialbham - grab a slice - we’re under the 
I bet that you look good on OUR dance floor!! Join us tonight at Slims open until 2am
Making a HUGE return! Here's why we can't wait for 
ICYMI - Your 
Support act for 
1 Year ago 
'The Way' with 
‘
 gets it 
 MUST WATCH 
FOUR huge matches announced for our final event of 2017!! Get your tickets right now to help us close out a huge year!! 
Just watch the latest 
This mouth-watering slow-cooked beef shin, scented with clove and allspice and sweet Mexican chillies, is a new special on the 
When your Halloween costume is 
Talking to promoters is similar to talking to girls.

Girl posts 
Great ball movement leads to an open 3 for 
25 sports pictures you may have missed, but NEED to see. 
Peace to 
Hahahah which 
That's EXACTLY what happened, and you're right, it's incredibly rare these days. It's because we have a fanbase that messes with the whole album, not just the singles 
Whoever said camping was just a summer activity clearly had never been to the Wilderness Campground. Head over to the blog to learn about the winter's coziest camping spot 
Another solid performance for the Bobcats of 
These Blue Angels-inspired 
Those Blue Angels unis are 
We have four 2:12 marathoners on the team...let That sink in 
The Rams’ audibles for Jared Goff are 
Lit
Go check out my Lil snippet of my Senior Highlights it’s not done yet didn’t put half of my touchdowns or the state championship game on here Enjoy ...............
Have you voted for who you would like to make the 
Young T & Bugsey do not get enough credit 
Young T and Bugsey on Let Me 
Manchester next week cant wait 
This Ones Going Off!!! Myself & 
Can’t stop listening to this 
Congrats to the following players for being selected to the 
Looking like a huge Wednesday in store 
Been waiting on this for years. I’m gassed. The 
MADNESSS!!
Listening to Outburst 001-004 
Those 
Support has been crazy! Umaana available on 

ITUNES

 - Take You Home is a R&B banger 
Much love to 
Thank you for all your support so far! 
Good to see my bro 
Here's a snippet guys! 
Tonight midnight 
Coming up at 11pm it's 
PREMIERE
Wowwww “Crew” is nominated for a Grammy 
 ight Jefe we ready for the new music, go head and bring the 
BLACKFRIDAY 25% OFF!!
This. Is. Atlanta. Public. Schools.  
2 min & 20 secs of 145 years of alum legacy! It's 
What a super way to teach fire safety! 
Nice Start
Hebrews 12:28 "Therefore let us be grateful for receiving a kingdom that cannot be shaken, and thus let us offer to God acceptable worship, with reverence and awe"

"a kingdom that cannot be shaken" 
This arrangement of “Wake Up” is 
Oh yeah and that's ME in the blue! Awesome stuff! 
 is on FIRE 
Headliner 
Jackie Moon! So happy for you, you absolutely deserve it!! 
Fuckkkkk. Just watched the video for ‘The Aura’ and it’s the absolute bollocks. Bravo 
Great team work last night 
Facebook live!!! NOW!!!! I’m on RIGHT NOW!!!! MUST WATCH!!!!
On this gloomy cold day in CO it’s a 
just two days away from 
 August Burns Red 
In just about 3 weeks we'll be seeing 21 Savage performing LIVE at The 
Shot one of my favourite bands 
 NEW MUSIC IS COMING THIS WEEK 
Thank you for the good times this weekend, Bristol and B’ham. You turned UP for 
We will be streaming our unplugged 
OI OIIII INDOOR PETS R MY FAVE BAND NOW (not Get Inuit)
Good morning troops 
This is dope bro!!!!! Everyone go support!!!! 
What a performance 
big love to 
Prepping tonights show! SO MUCH EXCITING NEW MUSIC! Get 
Truly addicted to 
Was going to exercise today but decided to stay at home and watch old Louis Theroux episodes 
 GET FAMILIAR 
See you Tonight 0.00 
Calling all cars 
Plotting with 
Oshawa was LIT last night 
Feel The Fire 
Our Facebook page was just launched
Roasted Maple
What an AMAZING set of 
watch this if u don’t know 
If you haven't been, Edmonton should be at the top of your travel list. The food scene is 
Clam vid out todaaaaayyy 
Chicken + Waffles coming in hot 
EXCLUSIVE
Hyped to have our homegirl 
 vs. 
New video just released for J. Roddy Walston & The Business' single "The Wanting"! 
 Today 
When we said 
views count when you work with vue! 
"Developer communities are safe spaces for developers" -LM 2017 
send regards to 
This guy comes with a lot of energy 
Man I’m in love with 
Okay short 
 We ranked our top pieces of skill from the year. Do you agree?! 
Ending an unimaginable year of boxing with an 
I'm not one to be happy at the death of another human being but this lump of excrement can commence 
What an awesome club/crowd, thanks to everyone who came down to 
It’s The Life!!!! New Album From “Pozition” Coming Dec22nd!!! 
The Browns are 0-11 they’re on 
Fire Chat 
Thanks :) Appreciate the feedback! RT 
I would love to have 
 gonna have 
Gotta eat my Sandy Eggos in the morning 
 Amazing. We just SOLD OUT the Globe Theatre in Los Angeles with 
 SOLD OUT 
Aye 
 For those of you around the world who can’t make our live show with 
Here is "Beware of the Humans" Official Album Cover 
WOW! This team is on fire 
Tonight's secret ingredient: hot honey. 
TP at DLDK Amsterdam, March 2nd...can't wait for this!
I think HOPE is one of the few album i can't skip a track..and that's a rare thing
Do not miss the last episode of Release radio
Here we go! New 3rd jerseys will see the ice tonight! Game time vs Nipawin is 7:30pm! See you at the Palace! 
Life in Color returns 
California! The 
Congrats to my good friend 
People who don't like 
Every time 
Got that autographed Bandana and Jersey today 
Can’t stop listening to “Angel With an Uzi” by the RapGod 
 was on 
Mark your calendars | December 18th, 2017 | 
The weekend starts now! 
NEW!! 
‘Gone Is The Night’ van 
Grandslam
Tomorrow we're taking over 
Thank you dreamers, that was absolutley sick 
Playing the closing set of day 2 mainstage dreamstateusa was absolutely amazing! Thank you 
Just fell in love with 
Baby, it's cold outside. Heat things up with the red puffer jacket for her 
Some heavy promos from 
reposted as it's sure to be pure
It’s official! The 47th annual Canadian Western Agribition begins w/ the ceremonial burning of the brand 
Just arrived in Bali! Playing at JENJA tonight 
My debut in Istanbul this weekend 
B2B with Dish Dash live now from London 
 killed it at 
EXPLOSIVE FANS KILLER VENUE 
New England. New bikeshares. Same old guy coming up with the tweets...

Check our map for the fancy new 
ALL TICKETS ARE ON-SALE NOW for the final leg of the “Party In the Valley” Tour!!
 calls for some Real Good BBQ
Wu & Wings Wednesday is live til midnight. Cheap pitchers, 1/2 price wings, Wu-Tang Clan 
Our first Wu & Wings Wednesday is upon us in the teahouseyyc 
Join us pre or post game in the Restaurant and the Tea House! 
Kung Pao Cauliflower in the Tea House 
Day 2 at the 
Infinity War is going to be  
The first artist announcement of 
Premiering my composition for bass, voice and electronics with accompanying short film Ex Materia by the wonderful women of Pratt 
BLACK FRIDAY DEALS 
2020 wing 
 I see you Delly
Their season is about to be 
Primetime had so much swagger on the turf 
Megan Gustafson... box out. rebound. pin. finish. repeat. 
I see y’all 
That was clean 
Wait to finish 
Alana to the rack! And a foul! 
They played that  
 new album is Great nun but 
 Game day feels!! 
2017-2018 Schedule Release 
Magic trick level 99999 
TONIGHT -- 
Maryland’s campus is 
Ro Hempel Band warming things up for 
Writing this as I listen and I'm full of hot takes, BEST song I've heard so far in 2017, so groovy, so tender 
Keep warm this winter with the full kit from 
Those 3 songs =
THE FIRE CONTINUES TO BURN - 
This week's Secret Show video is Sooza doing a 
We can't think of a better 
Want to know what songs inspire one of the heaviest hitters in the game? 
Props to 
*LOW TICKET ALERT!* Less than 50 tickets remain to get down with 
Always good to see the homies 
Come party with us this NYE and 
Performed 
There are so many great shows coming up in San Diego! Namely, Buckethead on Friday December 15th! Don't miss this one 
Credit where it's due...VCU's band is 
 Nashville... we're spending it cozied up next to some new gear in the studio...
Real talk . officialdannytrejo 
 Gettin rowdy with 
Listening to TOO BRUTAL by 
Wanna be a sticker picker? Merch sales still alive 
The one and only 
New joint by my brother Skits Vicious of Dope D.O.D. 
Brand new video 
6 Years ago 
This first pass at a fire effect was deemed too hot, realistic and scary 
NEWS ALERT... 
Watch "Big Body Rolling by DaneUno ft. KoolKeith" on YouTube

When This Drops 
 is an absolute beast, deffo one of my favourites from 
Love this new 
 Wickie Wackie Music Festival DEC 9th be there ! 
 album #6 on Global 
 #1 on 
MORE SHOWS ADDED to the Marching Orders Winter Tour! We've added 
2017 is a historic year for Polynesian Music Artists 
Catch me at 
Whole album... can’t wait for the live show in Vancouver.... 
Pt 2 of 
Paradise at 
One of the summer’s biggest tracks; ‘Rhythm Breaker’ by 
Julio displayed some nice crafting details on the post corner! 
YOU THO! 
Time for the 
From 48 professional chefs to the final 14. 
The Greater Shawlands Republic formally lights the flame of freedom. 

Get toasty with smoky Fireside Soap and toast to a Melting Marshmallow Moment in the tub 
Three more chefs have cooked their way to Knockout Week. 
I’m giving 
Oh Shit... just caught new 
Mrs Mangan speaks truth 
: Patients at Athletico 
This Man U-Arsenal game is 
We’ll be playing some tunes off our debut EP and chatting to 
 Ready for a brand new hottest record? 
Pre-sale tickets for Vicar Street are now SOLD OUT!!!
TRYLIGHTS 
Four tries at 
Another three 
Back to back three pointers from Weary 
Yikes Man’s got a Canon on him lol
My favourite one 
What a feeling to be through to the semi finals tomorrow. 
TONIGHT...It’s lit
If you guys don’t think this Duke/Florida game isn’t a Final 4 preview you are crazy. Dem Gator Boyz are 
Oomph 
RT if you're HYPED that 
As the kids say, it’s 
Top golf Birmingham Finally open
Kyle Guy was on 
John Petty = 
KAT'S BOX:  
HOT SHOW ALERT:  11/20 
Great to be back at 
 Wow!!Francis was 
 Discover what's NEW on the 
 this team. Just trust us. 
Today is a 
Shooter!!!!!!! 
Russell Westbrook's best dunks 
Jordan Caruso 
Timmy Allen 
Latrelle Franklin 
That Game of Thrones episode was 
How cosy is our new seating area.. Cosy Corner 
Tony Gaffney's debut for 
Fueled by espresso. 
Light 'em up. 
34 games
37 goals

Leo Messi will be presented with his fourth European Golden Shoe today in Barcelona 
We did it!! 
Live music in the bar tomorrow from 9.30pm with some wonderfully talented locals - pop along for a song and a drink 
We hope you grabbed  your ticket for Rapsody's Show next week! Its almost sold out
Legend, one of my influences. Slaps on slaps! 
Bumping this at work rn and all my coworkers thinks it's fire!!!
Cracking 
NIGHT SCHOOL - Day 1 -  WillPackerProductions x HartBeat Productions 
Have you heard this 
Looking over towards the Cloch from oor side!
Leave it to me to play my music "too loud" ..these new demos are 
Last minute preps for tomorrow’s firewalk, we’ll still be accepting donations in store so pop in 
 back with another 
 know thyself bbz 
 tees for 
FRIDAY = CHART DAY 
 I knew that was you in phone jumpin 
So pumped to have the amazing 
 Sending out HUGE Congrats to our clients 
We’ve got the best deal of the year 
New music! Go check it out 
The internal struggle of man vs. self. 
See our picks of the brightest female musicians to watch in 2018 including 
IRVINE SECOND SHOW ADDED! 
Houston second show added. Neee haaaa! 
Tomorrow night we have a 
duuuuuuuude. 
 still repping! Appreciate the love miamiheat 
“For the Lord your God is going with you! He will fight for you against your enemies, and he will give you victory!’” Deuteronomy 20:4 
Wait until y'all see the 
Let’s get it!!! 
Fire.
13.09.17 - 
The ultimate '90s girl 
 This moment though...
Thank YOU LORD 

RRR!!! 
sewing Resistance Regalia 
MAKE. THIS. BREAK. TWITTER. 
After a very successful event at 
YOURS TRUELY! Do it!! VOTE 
It’s been an EPIC week in Sheffield 
I had a great time at 
last day to grab the best dumplings in the dmv at 
Mangakahia is on 
The fire 
Messi once again 
WIN yourself a truly unique pair of GEOs from 
It's tomorrow! Make sure you grab your free tix for Metropolis Rising at the legendary 
We bringing out that fire
I want to personally thank 
Boom! 
in the booth! The following is true; 1. sometimes I rap at practice 2.The bowl cut has gone 3. We are performing at the London @tootinstatram this Friday! Do join us!
LIVE SHOW - LONDON - THIS FRIDAY
Superstar 
LIVESHOW
Dropping some fire in September
HOLY SHIT THIS IS AWESOME! It’s like 
What a f**king concert this was 
Can't wait for everyone to hear this 
Great record! 
Had such a good time singing on this awesome mixtape by 
NEW SHOW! Incredibly excited to announce @MGMT's live return on 6th February at 
SUPPORT ADDED! 
 VS 
Cool 
Writing back-end systems using 
 was a roaring success! Shout out to all our sponsors, mentors, volunteers and the brilliant minds who came out to hack!! 
This Gentleman from Cameroon carved out a cooler using a Bamboo! This is so amazing! Let us make him famous, Retweet and Like ..Thanks 
History Today (
Chicken has and will always be my go to source of protein fueling my demanding needs as a professional sportsman and my 
Freshen up your leftover rice and veggies into my amazing 
Go and get the new colophonfoundry 
Super Barry Douglas 
Tasty and full of flavour! 
Ever feel jealous of people who seem to have it all? Here are 3 steps to use that 
Topping up the fire 
Keeping the fire topped up 
Here are 
Today we celebrate 
Best thread ever 
This is going to be the biggest edition of 
Portugal is on fire 
Kuzitoka hitmaker 
 Flash back Friday 
My childhood was Lit 
 Tour at Club Euphoria with 
Thanks for coming in! 
See who came visiting 
It's only through these challenges that Kenyans from different political affiliations come together and unite. 
I'm really proud of you 
Remember remember 5th of November! we are cancelled, so enjoy the 
 in our 
Morning beauts 
Some of the recents make-up looks 
Chris Brown sampled Jacquees on his album
Perfect LBD alternative -- my brand new jumpsuit will definitely land you best dressed at your next holiday party! 
The style ain't free fam! 
Want to know what's 
Standing O after Standing O for 
A fiery 
Y’all go copp that 
I'm really yo favorite rapper
I Just Played Some Of Y'all 
Panels have all been 
So why isn't 
DA
Video otw

“ T R A P  V I B E S “ out everywhere 
Rich Before Rap 2 
NEW TUNE
NEW MUSIC!!!
NEW MUSIC
New Single Alert 
2018 Anthem 
 is that mannn 
Came Up With The Dopest Song Today! New 
Just cooked up some 
Another One. 
NEW MIDI KIT! 
That feeling when you make HISTORY!! Congrats 
It's A 
Can't be more thankful 
On this hot line up at 
The ultimate come back, 
This team is on 
One picture, three legends
I stand corrected
Surprise! I'm still doing comedy and tonight I'm on Set List at 
STORM WIN!!! 
All the Seahawks players & the Titans stayed in the locker room during the national anthem! Now they walk on field linking arms!
By nightly news standards, this is 
top quality rant 
The new DUCKWRTH mixtape is 
2.0 
"Only bought this dress so you could take it off." OK 
"You cannot enslave a mind that knows itself." 
Next Hype 
I'm just a young gun
People been sleeping on Heavy hitter. 
 foxleague 
Jazz fans of Leeds... Tonight... 
Big one. Wrestling fans.... check this out. Tickets on link below. Get em while you can 
Agree - he’s on 
Try scorers from today: 

Nick Scholes 
Charlie Bray 
Josh Miller 
Ralph Lawson 


Would love it if Chris rko 'd liv straight into fire pit 
Our Plasterboard can achieve a fire rating but only when used as part of a whole system.
For information on our Fire performance please see our manual from page 316 or contact us for advice on 01795 416 259 
All of the above plasterboards are rated as Class 0
Materials under Building Regulations Part B Volume 2 & have a Surface
spread of Fire of Class 1 in accordance to BS 476:Part 7 


KNAUF COREBOARD 
Just ordered some 
KRS-One live at Jazz Cafe London tonight.
Man of the Match 
ORRELL ON FIRE 
Captains Henshall and Yeomans name two absolutely 
FT: WHAT. A. COMEBACK!!! We're 10/10 
Audi RS3. Quattro. S-Tronic. In Stock now. 
Matte Black Range Rover Evoque Automatic Dynamic Lux £349pcm* 
Grab a deal 2.0 Mini Cooper hatchback S with servicing pack. 
Sydney, we’ve got a 
Catch us today at 
No 
Ready to bring on the heat 
15% OFF
Jamie Clark scores NINE(9) - get him in that team of the week 
Come join the team 
Mo Salah signing of the summer no questions asked! On fire 
Good luck to our Scotland u19s today kick off their European Championships  today
P o e n i e s 
2 WEEKS TO GO 
Thanks to these awesome petrol heads 
Kevin De Bruyne was so good today, Paul Merson clapped him off on Soccer Saturday!
 SPREAD THE WORD FAR AND WIDE: The 
Use `mix-blend-mode:multiply;` in your CSS to knock out white backgrounds from images

Pen: 
Check that line up 
“Self-esteem is just the reputation you have with yourself.” - 
W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W. 
Straight 
More gold. More 
Tom Brady = fuego. 
CHAMBEA OFFICIAL VIDEO WITH THE NATURE BOY!!! WOOOOO!
OKC got a little 
WATCH: 
LIGHTS OUT for Black Friday! Our hottest sale of the year is ON! 
No better way to end the night than getting Black Friday merch in the mail...
That was clean 
VICTORY. 
BRANDON RANDOLPH WITH THE DUNK 
That feeling when you force your rival to go 0-20 in conference play
Osky boys can score at will 
Trending this week: 
What. A. Half. 
Can't miss in Madtown. 
Slow Jammin.

 It’s SHOWTIME! Who ya got?

RT for UGA
LIKE for Auburn


 or 
Who's hot? Who's not? Comment with your 
From 
Who's hot 
Who was HOT
 Poetry in motion! 
Wait until y'all see the 
Gary Harris full 360 layup 
HE HURDLED HIM!


Kyle Guy was on 
FRIDAY MORNING is gonna rock!

The Harlem Globetrotters made a shot from our catwalk look easy. 
Tamari Davis is a legend in the making 
SWEET 16 
Tuck went 4-of-8 in this game with 3 coming behind the arc, finishing with 13 pts 
 Wow!!Francis was 
Lance Tejada knocked down... doesn't matter. He's been feeling it from deep 
AB was on
Championship game winning three pointer
 he is the turbines at the station
Jordan. So clutch right now. Jordan. 
24 players. 10 with World Cup experience. 4 with 
Grab a few of my best sellers 
Wednesday: 
So pumped. 
Yup, she really did. Thanks so much for sharing your wisdom, 
Couple days late but still worth a view!! Our new 
Eleanor Dickinson’s 
New Music Friday is 
Keep warm this winter with the full kit from 
WICKET! Todd Astle is on fire 
ANOTHER WICKET! Canterbury are on fire 
CLUB DRAMA 
TONIGHT 
WildNOut
Learn More About Me With This Interview
UrGENT 
MIC DROP IS TOO LITT I JUST ALMOST PASSED OUT 
  Start December off right with a HOT Project 
 Official Video  ... here’s a peak .. Watch the rest NOW !
What a season we have had 
 ft. 
 gets it 
Presenting animation by 40 artists from Toronto, across Canada, & around the world, the 2017 
Make it out 
Navy's Blue Angels-inspired uniforms 
Yes! Big Papi for 
Just watched 
 Triple p90 SG 
sneak peek at 
What a series this is! 
Warm up with red hot accessories 
Which under-the-wall free-kick by the Magician was better? 
The new single from 
I know this story by heart 


BT Sport 2 HD for Teymur v Klose right now 
Huge congrats to 
Major congrats to the 
Bouncing……..
New Freezer video FINALLY HERE!! 
IFA U17’s defeat Nomads 3-0 in game one of the 
Met Gala might be the hardest beat of the year. 
Sick of shivering? We've got the cure 
Feeling chilly? Let our 8kflexwarm save the day! Internal heated elements controllable from your smartphone mean you're snug in the chilliest weather! Prices FROZEN until December with FREE GLOBAL SHIPPING! Pre-Order NOW for Jan delivery! 

 has never been hotter! We've FROZEN our prices for the rest of the month AND we're giving you FREE GLOBAL SHIPPING on all orders! Pre-Order NOW for January '18 delivery and grab the best price! 


Our Heated Apparel Has Become a Global Phenomenon!!!
Kicking off homecoming weekend on fire!!! 
Ready to dominate in 
All of the lights 
Squad is 
Staff at 
What sets your soul on fire? 
Love 
Some words of praise from 
A new style of kamehameha?!!! Ultra Instinct Goku Vs Super Saiyan Kefla was EPIC 
Helluva swan song article! 
Johnnie To's absolutely crazy, CGI-free firefighting spectacle LIFELINE:

The extended 45-minute finale set in a burning warehouse was easily the most realistic fire sequence ever staged in HK cinema.

Screening Dec 2, 8:45pm 
First up on 
The Rap Show's first EVER live 
It's all about Chicago's finest, 
Can’t wait to be back!!! Check out 2018 tour dates!!! 
Finally going to see 
YES YOU BLOODCLAUT!!!!

BORN TO WIN 
Remember remember the fifth of November!Happy Bonfire night everyone! 
Crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Wood-fired smoke job 
What's the ultimate holiday gift to give to those near and dear to your wood-fired heart? A brand new Traeger grill
7 
It's going to be 
our next release !! Thank you God 
Our Man 
THIS IS 
Video confirmation that 
Dilli ki sardi door karne aa raha hai 
THIS IS INSANE! THE BURGERS ARE SOLD OUT! 
On a scale of one to awesome, our fans are 
 rage max brah ! 
Hoooooome. So so tired but it was worth it 
 Day2 was even more amazing!!
repost from tc222_fanpage Race Day Today ! 
repost from @racr_official These RACR• metal limited edition cards come with the TC nr.1 caps! 
Now that’s rubber layin’ 
The guns on this Wonder Woman cosplayer tho 
 laced 
Coming in HOT 
The best rivalry games, all wrapped up in one ticket pack. 
Fasten up 
Everything is LIT for these new 
19 Goals in 6 games 
Just under 2:30hr till KO at Old Bath Road where the Rams will be taking on Bury St Edmunds in a 
Maguire on 
Missed this year's 
 Everything everything: 23 photos to show how incredible 
Only 1 hour to go for 25% OFF
2 hours left to get 25% OFF
3 hours left to get 25% OFF
4 hours left to get 25% OFF
Just 6 hours left to get 25% OFF EVERYTHING at 
 It’s 
Lets keep it 
25% OFF EVERYTHING
25% OFF TODAY
  25% OFF TODAY  
  25% OFF Tomorrow 9am  
Fuel the Fire 
Time to get Fired Up for Canada!  Support our favorite pilot 
 OODLES TOUR STARTS TODAY. UK LETS DO THIS 
Feel the heat 
hot shows
MON WORLD, get yer tickets 
Great record! 
Had such a good time singing on this awesome mixtape by 
I just had the best night of my life 
 Frontface 
You Don't Know Me is on Pete Tong's Ibiza classics 
THIS is why I make music 
SHELTER!!!!! 
METROPOLIS TONIGHT BABYYYY 
 6 days to go! 
Shoot Your Shot - Waacking & Vogue Festival
I T  B E G I N S 
Such range and such a beautiful tone, 
Myself and 
That's what debut headline shows look like! 
Just realised that 
Our album is released TODAY!
COMPETITION TIME
Tomorrow night is set to be fire 
Make way for 
 Tomorrow NITE y'all 
This dorm is on fiya 
This girl is on fire 
It has happened! So P-S-Y-C-H-E-D 
Due to high demand: limited edition single day tickets available starting today! Combi still available 
Time flies when you're having fun! Only 4 more weeks until the best 3 days and nights this November 
FREE TICKETS TO HOLY TRANNITY FOR A YEAR!
I thought 
LANEWAYS is 
Durban, you were never ready! We about to party every Tuesday hosted by 
 We are still so hyped from Vevolution Festival 2017 this weekend. It was a magical thing to… 
A traditional Chinese hotpot in HongKong. 
Great to meet you 
See what we got up to at 
Gorgeous warm tones by 
Electric performances tonight 
 demonstrates new weed control method to replace glyphosate 
Happy birthday to the boi 
NEW IN! 
Check out this hot look for 
A year ago we (
friday morning 
See Corbyn brings some of that trademark 
Day two was all Australia! 
Aussies win the first 2 hours. 
Pressure on England. 
Excited for the weekend  
TRIBAL WISDOM 
Redzel 
Sensational day with DELUXE ROCKER leading from pilar to post & making it four wins for the Waterhouse/Bott team 
Ryan Giggs vs Arsenal. Unforgettable for any Manchester United fan, including 
Listed 
Big win going into the international break 
Sire on 
Wonderwall and now Horses - the Adelaide Oval DJ is on fire 
Turn up the 
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% SITEWIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
Video recap of the madness at 
The lazers this weekend at 
It's time to get lit with 
Good 2-1 win vs Iceland U19s, nice to get the winning goal. My boy 
Another one 
Fantastic food amazing flavours hot, hot, hot 
Take yourself to the top of the food-chain with 
Christmas shopping has commenced. Mascot package for the boy 
, I'll be playing a day show (which means special day vibe set) at 
Derby 
Ready for 
TONIGHT: Special guests Norris Man and Selecta 7 passin' thru 
Happy EP release day, 
T O N I G H T
RE-STOCK ALERT 
ADE 2017 
Killer session tonight with 
BYU came to shut it down 
I'm rocking wit this new 
On the 3rd of March I will make my debut at 
Bad Habits (with 
'Trailblazer’ 
Our guy from wearetrilllion always know how to heat up a dance floor 
A monkey is (slowly) coming back from Burning Man 
Thrashing kickrolls, striking melodies and life-like atmospheres. THAT'S RIGHT, we're bringing 
Damnn..... How we wish that it could be Saturday again! 
Fire up your Thursday with a lethal release from Killshot! 
Rapid fire Qs with 
Any gamers in the house? Are you a multiple high score smasher? Come see what you can do on these puppies! 
From 48 professional chefs to the final 14. 
/
 BLACK FRIDAY SALE 
PHOTOS After teasing for weeks, 
Another member of the Champs' team might be leaving early, while someone on The Stars' side loses his cool 
TONIGHT is the night! Come chill with us at 11/10c for all new episodes of 
EVERYBODY WATCH 
Cold Saturday nights call for feasting with fine company - come into the warm and tuck in 
 is straight flames 
The Interclubs this weekend is going to be 
This whole thing is 
 a night of Controversy, Magic and Burlesque
Ready to get this thing rollin with the best fan in college baseball 
Hot off the press
Gameday 
Arizona commit Alex Barcello's (Corona del Sol) ball-handling skills are 
Suchapapi - Walk Freestyle 
She just can't stop winning at the moment! 
12-0 RUN!


All this guy spits is fire 
The difference between Bad bitch vs Sad bitch 
T-Gordon is out here killing it 
Who's the 
 photos I shot of 
Want to be great?


Tune in tonight 7:30pm 
This kid looked like a whole different player from the past two years at Westlake . He realizes he’s the leader of this Westlake squad now & is in his bag 
RJ BARRETT Puts on HIGHLIGHT REEL AT HOLIDAYS HOOPSGIVING!!!
Iron BEAR Grand Finale!!!! Fire it up!!!
What a night for 
 Jada Burse recorded the set-point kill, giving her a total of 7 fourth-set kills 
It's December, so we're turning up the thermostat to 360 degrees of no-scope hotness. 
Cooking today 
Dat boy 
"Ugly God, where you been at?" 
"What you been working on?"
"You better come back with some fire."

RT for this right now. 
Ysl by 
 never disappoints 
IT'S LIT 
Ayyy this is lit 
Book Of Isaiah Chapter 3 
 Im Fuckin With Dat New Tape U Drop 
Testing...1..2..3 
A little 
. Appreciate it Greg! Go have a big 2018!
It might be cold out here but 
Hotel bout to be 
Meet the spark behind the fire 
So excited about having two 
Challenge accepted 
To the start of a new season, huge thanks to 
 NEW ERA OF UCLA FOOTBALL 
Chief Keef x A Boogie - Glory Bridge 
Don't care what team you root for, it is so awesome to see Teddy Bridgewater back at 
The first 
‘305, take it to da house, boy we got dat fire, take it to da house!’ USF QB’s Quinton Flowers, Brett Kean & Chris Oladokun with the LITTY basketball swag!! 
Dont sleep on Jaden Smith's album. Production is 
LITTY
Check out lil bro 
Anthony Gill to start to game of the week in a wild way! 
All the Seahawks players & the Titans stayed in the locker room during the national anthem! Now they walk on field linking arms!
So I went to go shopping online  and the i see cuzzo 
JUST ADDED to 
The ladies of 
1H 3:12 | Bears 28, Gaels 36
Senior to senior connection 
Wearing one of my favorite rappers hat today 
GET READY FOR SOMETHING SUPER 
Fabio LIVE is back, and these tickets will sell out quickly !!! Grab your ticket today, and I'll see you on December 17 at 
It’s that man again 
But seriously... we're cooking up some fun GIFs for you this season. 
The BEST of the BEST. 
MAJOR HOTTIES. 
'Tis the season to INDULGE! 
So hot right now. 
I don’t watch TV but when I do....... has something to do with Chicago 
Braves CHAMPIONSHIP GAME DAY 
This is what athletics is all about! Awesome! Hats off to 
OMG.. Next week is going to be LIT!! 

Chill son 
What 11 months of hard work looks like  
Interesting! 
Q3 | Y'all Cierra Walker is on 
Yuta was on 
This video is 
Woohoo, two 
The Black Mamba doesn't get nervous 
During her “internship on laziness”, 
Shooter!!!!!!! 
Russell Westbrook's best dunks 
New blog post: "The Cost Of JavaScript" 
Starting tomorrow, Firefox is fast again 
I'm on my NY shit.... 
Wow, that 
These are the 3 people left deciding the fate of the internet. We only have to convince ONE of them flip to a NO vote to save 
 I got this one today from 
The perf gutter in devtools makes it trivial to identify non-obvious costly paths in your code execution. 
 With your help, we passed Title II net neutrality protections. Now we need to defend it. 
New version of 
The complete 
Nia, You beautiful young woman! I am beyond excited to see the journey life takes you on. And don't wait to get to the top to pass the torch! Pass it now. Ignite someone else flame! 
Let’s get lit because Black Friday starts right now! 
 coming this Friday on 
NEW YORK CITY THIS TUESDAY!!
Don’t miss our 
NEW YORK CITY!! Coming for you in 2 weeks!! Get yo tix & come see me 
FLOW!
Our collab 'Turn Up' with 
Who's ready for new Mightyfools music? 
Shades of Grey • 
Show us your 
Hopsin's album "No Shame" is out now!! Go get that 
This right here?! Flames my guy!! 
More and More Memorable Times w/ 
This market is on 
15th finna be a situationnn, can’t wait 
NEW MIX OUT NOW
The SIC merchandise line is available now on 
Last night was fucking liveeeeeeeeee 
Looking fierce ladies 
This Saturday all roads lead to 
Who Else would love to see a 
Its FRIDAY here's a little something for your weekend 
Gassed to have these two at my event tonight 
Tonight we welcome 
This is going to be MAD!!! 

Tomorrow we’re back again for 
Ohhhhh yeahhhhhhhhhh! Boooyahhhh! Everyone get excited cos it’s going to be fyaahhhhh 
Yes yes yes! Another 
D.E.S.C.E.N.D.E.D 3 days and counting 
Buzzing for Friday 
The vibezzzzzz out here 
Girllllll you are fearless!! 
Use the snapcode below to unlock our 
Here we go! 
A brand new mix from Serum Dnb ahead of Shogun Audio Leeds 08.12 - SPY, Alix Perez, Technimatic & more 
Just gonna leave this there 
Such a great night 
2-4-1 on drinks 2night 
Tonight 2-4-1 on drinks tonight 
What are you saying!!!!!

Not long now till 
We are back again this Friday 
New tune Out Now!!! 
RAW 
Done a mix for my homie 
WILD LIFE-THE FINAL DC-10 TONIGHT!! 
Prince Harry’s new gal is 
See you guys 
Last night I had a night off in Bristol to go out & watch live music. I saw Goldie’s Band. Giles Peterson pres & the original don Farley Jackmaster Funk & finally Goldie B2B Randall in the Bristol police cells. So blessed 
Shout to all the ravers last night 
 Evermix Exclusive 
TONIGHT! DJs 
 #202 is on 
New belter from 
Set times for Saturday 
Yeah yeah - 
Wednesday vibes 
Getting ready for my 
Go on the boy 
60 World Renowned DJ's!
6 Days & Nights of House Hedonism! 
"IF THEY DONT LET US DREAM, THEN WE WONT LET THEM SLEEP" - Lowkey


Dont Sleep on this Tweeps! 
Heavyweight session with 
HYPE 
New Refix by 
 Me Voy TROOKO remix
Our show with 
This QUEEN has an amazing night planned for you! Great cast, great film, great line up! It's one you don't want to miss! Get your tickets now now nowwwww!
Guys aren't you seeing what 
11/13/17. 

dinners with 
Tonight's afterparty is looking 
2 WEEKS TO GO 
Bassboy​'s set was something else at our closing party 
Low Steppa​'s set was 
JUST ANNOUNCED 
"Think about it & if you can't live without it, Don't let it go, take it home n build bricks around it" 
Best remix I've heard so far this year 
Mate!! 
Gonna be a madness 
 thank the lord for o2 priority, this is going to be a madness
Clean Bandit 
Are you ready to find out who is in the 
Nate has been 
Learn to work with a collaborator and make some 
My hot 
From my 
TONIGHT's 
Reply here with your most fire memes. 
You know the drill. Tuesday’s at Fortune are 
Here is Part Two! Looking forward to more of these! 
Desert Hearts just dropped their lineup for their Spring 2016 festival and it's 
Y'all sleepin on that new banger from 
Got the 
The official music video for "Hell of a Year" is finally here! 
I have only ever once heard a mystery voice that was so beautiful I stopped in my tracks at 
 awards with 
Why not have a baked 
This weekend sees Soul Rebels return to 
I’m at the hairdressers and things are getting drastic.... 
58- Bee Dawson has a well earned rest, LETS GO WAGS! 
Supporters on fire in the stand! 
POLE in Spa! 
IT IS FIRE 
What a win again!!! 
Links
 Step up your game with this crispy World Best Gaming apparel from 
It is the fires 
AMINE HARIT MY BOYYYY 
Go check out all dope epsilon merch! 
Heard nothing but great things about 
On tomorrow night's 
My Instagram is 
Champion 
It was really EPIC 
Full concentration.

The official 
The prize table is lit thanks to 
We've got another batch of sick frags for our Community 
Brand New
The Write Podcast, E23: Content Marketing Yesterday & Today with 
This Saturday as part of this year's 
Son on song. Tottenham on fire. 
Traders, fancy doing a stint in a shopping centre near you in 2018? Hurry up then - applications to 
Isco 
Nothing says cosy like a log fire.. 
The most tense endurance I’ve had so far! AI on max difficulty, no racing line 
And that's why you don't play with fireworks! 
15% OFF
JK launch party dream team - 
Big up all involved in 
 opening set by 
Sdells X Eaz - Run It Up | OUT NOW. Another banger from them man at 
Snotty Nose Rez Kids are coming to Toronto for the first time for a 
Come on Belgium !! 
The Irish for flamingo is 'lasairéan', which translates literally as flamebird. 
Last season in Silvaplana, Switzerland, Izzy Atkin became the first British woman to win a ski slopestyle World Cup competition! 
Team GB’s medal hopefuls proved their strength under pressure last weekend with what might be one of the best starts to the season anyone could have hoped for! 
Are you a creative problem solver? Enjoy learning by doing? Flipside is a 12 week, design programme for East Ldnrs 
Absolutely magnificent 
Nearly bit his knuckle off 
Proper old school

Today’s gonna be
Super Bowl’s gonna be 
Had a helluva time rockin w/
When the crowd sings along and knows every word 
First Performance at 
This Saturday!! 
What a great performance tonight. 
Today feels kind of special to me! It's the first release of my own label inharmony Music!! 

Andrew Rayel - Mass Effect 
FIRE from 
Who's getting lit with us on DEC 23 
 I LOVE THIS MUSIC 
Check out these DOPE moves to this SICK track! 
 FREE DL ALERT 
Need some fuel for the weekend? You can now DL our full Escape Halloween set for free here: 
 HAPPY WEEKEND 
Celebrated my 24th bday at 
OC! I'm coming back to 
DON & HEX return with a PACKED show filled with exclusives like NOTHING NEW by DROPGUN Ft. KALEENA ZANDERS! 
San Francisco! Please welcome special guests 
North Ayrshire are British League Division C-4 Champions 
Tonight we're gonna open a can. In Charleston, SC at The Mill. 
The intense fight to be one of the top 4 boys at 
 Fiery quarterfinals action at 
July 18 is 
MY FIRST VIDEO 
About a year ago
Describe this in 3 emoticons 
 Hot job alert
2018 we are coming for you! 
Coming soon.. 
Luv is.. 
Show was crazy last night! 
This podcast is 
 Gettin rowdy with 
The energy is through the roof at 
Just announced! 
The coolest thing I’ve seen today: live coded music at 
*LOW TICKET ALERT!* Less than 50 tickets remain to get down with 
MAKE. THIS. BREAK. THE. INTERNET. 
More from Mo today? 
Angel Brinks collection 
It's the Fire Driver 
Sources tell me it’ll be Muta and 
I don't want to set the world on fire 
I just want to start a flame in your heart
What. A. Catch. 
50 RT’s

Official 2017 highlight video.


Sure is
Mr RAW! Long live the Kane
Yes Yes London! 
Banging this out on Westcoast Wednesday
305 Live Son 
Really giving Steve a run for his money, Jake J-Thrill Bennett 
Dat 
Austin,Texas let get ready 
TONIGHT!!! 
when your 
Me when they bring negative bullsh
regram 
 regram 
I've held onto this image for over a month due to the wild fires 
What a night fight fans! Thanks for getting 
The Underground King for the win! Did this fight live up to your expectations or are you ready for more? 
This night’s been full of surprises, but 
 IN THE PIT OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO 
MY MAN zachstroh MADE ME THESE CUSTOM tretorn levis KICKS 
In the words of 
 Ready To Take Out Magomedov: ‘I’ve Got A Sneaky Move Up My Sleeve’ 
Downloaded mixcloud just to hear 
A long time coming, but a 
I'm on 
Ayeeeee Turn Up 
Derby's number 1 grime MC, Eyez, drops football freestyle ahead of this weekend's derby
Yes sir! 
I got Return of the Mack on repeat. Idk what this says about me as a person, but idc. These oldies are the jam! 
When there’s nothing left to burn you have to set yourself on fire


New England. New bikeshares. Same old guy coming up with the tweets...

Check our map for the fancy new 
Ladies and Gentleman!

Today at 10am!


Enjoying the Beet Borani 
Today!!! Start at 3pm!!! 

vs. 
As we gear up for Abantu, remember the ultimate 
The few leaves left on Locust are 
What a try! 
Matic 
 @radja__bds Rocking 
Malcom flipping Marx 
Well hello there old friend... SO chuffed that 
Burn your opposition 
 From the Senate floor: 
WE HUNT THE FLAME IS GOING TO BE A BLOODY REAL BOOK. 
THE CITY OF BRASS is in stores now, and I’m going to be going on hiatus while I work on the sequel, so here’s a quick recap if you’re a new follower. 
New heat from 
Gotta cop some 
Busy morning here in court number one at Swansea Crown - four defendants sentenced in 90 minutes. 
Dramatic raku ceramic firing scenes from Helen Gittins + team at TGLE 
 COO, CJ Foo - 
YOU GUYS, I JUST SAW THE WORK. 
One of the greatest performances of all time. 
Also great to see 
Buzzing to be back at Deepdale tomorrow and looking forward to wearing the new kit! 
Never been an overall 68 
TCR is lookin good for 2018
Fantastic swims by 
Some Year 5s are doing their work in the den and by the warm fire. 
Personal opinion. 
Stella + 
Viewing party squad 
Tonight’s gonna be FIRE 
Good stuff 
Clifford Franklin catching the ball tonight!!! 
Who's managed to get their hands on one of our Rope T-Shirts? 
Looking fresh doesn't mean you can't still be FILTHy. 
I was so excited about having 
“Suck it, Eddie Goodwin!” 
Oh snap! 
The lineup all week 
NYMag bringing you a hot take 
Get 
Distro alert! The perfect holiday gift for that special freak in your life... you?  

's Dec tour with 
Loving my pops!!!! 
Psyched to be hanging with the rvcaskate team in da islands!!! 
We out here raging w/ 
My pops!! 
Praying that tonight will be filled with Your presence!!! 
MAJID JORDAN & KAMAIYAH ADDED TO THE LINEUP.
ALL TICKETS ARE ON-SALE NOW for the final leg of the “Party In the Valley” Tour!!
thetcpresents 
KRS-One live at Jazz Cafe London tonight.
 JUST ANNOUNCED: 
A steaming hot performance! 
This routine was 
The fire road assassin....
Sunday sail with da boysss, Alex Perelson 
Stay Gold, 
 dropping that 
Stoked to see 
Streetwear for the MASSES 
LOS ANGELES COME HANG TOMORROW 
Very tight remix of genesis 
Tonight's show is going to be awesome! 
One of my favorite singers and long time collaborator 
Tonight = 
 Wolfgang Special tricked out by 
Dinosaurs meet the wild west in our latest High-Five interview on the BackerKit blog!
Time for the 
The Internet is on fire! 
Kyler Murray's visor is 
It is happening 
Raging fire strongly symbolizes anger, punishment, and destruction. 
 Flashing Lights by Kanye West 
Congrats to the Winner of 
HOT TICKET ALERT
The Aragon Nest Grants Program is an experiment/exploration to bring together 3rd party devs to build on the platform. In order for 
A truly 
Me first listen: lmao wtf this is trash
Second listen: 
Listen to “Beat on the Beat” by 
Listen to SMOKEPURPP - CANT PICK UP 
 
Ideal for smaller groups to join the full blown Christmas party experience! 
Fire, right? 
Only 4 logo Red Sonja Comic books left!!! Order here: 
Love this outtake of me trying to keep warm at my shoot with 
Let’s See If We Can Bring Our Own 
Gucci Mane previews new music 
Rising Atlanta rapper 
FIRST DAY OUT video is BRAZZYY 
Cookin in the stu 
JIMMY DIGITAL on the way 
It’s about that time 
THE RACE (REMIX)
My new video for "ELM STREET" is out NOW 
Neww
I’m listening to 
Bruh you made it to spotify
Lil Baby ft. 
 Finally 
 Dumb hard
Yall tell 
It's Bonfire night! 
" I Still Am" Out Now
 rockin with the tape. LUV! Go grab PTSD right now! 
It's time for a 
The homie 
Just checked into the 
T O M M O R R O W 
Y'all want to hear some heat check this out 
Sso/Mafia Strait 
 thanks bro!
The new lounge in the Farmhouse 
Crank up 
 is nice af... sounds like he's already a seasoned rapper 
NEW ALBUM
Watch More Videos, Subscribe For More Content
Yeah that limpin serious 
So stoked to finally have this album out - link in bio 
Fri. 12/1 - Head to SOBs for Trap Glo NYC, presented by Live from the Trap! Feat. a full line up of Djs playing your favorite trap music all night & glow in the dark art 
Great show last night 
Think imma give my Brudda 
I’m so mad that I’m late on this new  
Dark Divine is officially out! Available to purchase now on 
ORLANDO! We’re playing at Backbooth tonight, very few tickets remain, come hangout! 
New Jersey tonight - Richmond tomorrow - Greensboro on Sunday, grab those tickets before they’re gone! 
Hoping everyone is having a great Thanksgiving! Tour continues on tomorrow in New Jersey - make sure you grab a ticket ASAP! 
Hit ‘em with some Dark Divine 
cover of 
Members Only - Head over to:  
Great to join Miles and the 
A freezing Friday night at the footy in Mid Annandale but the 
ride into the weekend bumping G-WORTHY's debut 
Finn Russell with some quick thinking to set up Huw Jones 
Toffee apples, 
 Top Deal 
OMB Peezy 
No tricks! Just a 
I'm not one to be happy at the death of another human being but this lump of excrement can commence 
Are you a marketer? Do you use marketing automation (please say yes...)? Check out our 
 was AMAZING!!!!! 
Reminder that Champions of Fire will be live @ 10am est 
Michigan Center's new helmets are in and these are red 
The 2017 Western Carolina Catamounts Offense was pure 
 to be back out on the Prowl seeing some 
That's 5 treys for 
You already know bro
Last time 
Simeon’s shoes for the 
I'll never forget this!! 
Sorry for silence today. Partly sadness for untimely passing of 
THIS IS TONIGHT YOU SHOULD COME IT'S GONNA BE SO AWESOME 
Big game against 
WOW! What a STUNNING goal from 
Thank you to everyone who came and supported my Birthday Bash last night! What a night it was 
Hype on kiss 1-2am tonight 
 has just dropped his bday bash line up 
 birthday bash is going to be a madness next year!!!!

Team Drumz & 
Dreps's Birthday Bash at Fire 
NYE 
 NYE 
Tonight 9pm 
Wicked Super Sunday!
Smash n Grab destroyed it after Rieo Sky, too!
Koollondon Baby!

TONIGHT: Denver has experimental bass master 
It's a party it's a party 
Bournemouth That was a vibes big shout out to 
Oi That was 
Do remember and don't forget catch 
Just Banco - Soo Yung 
Badman 
We’re live tonight with the crew till 10pm 
We are live now 
Can’t wait for this one ! Fever 
Dec 8th in Norwich with the Boom Sound crew 
Check out this cool interview with my bro Kelvin 373 over on Junglist Network 
15 DECEMBER 2017. 

Romania was mad 
Today's lesson: one-touch. 
HIT SQUAD 
 kicking off right about now with 
Dec. '17 issue of 
ENOUGH RESPECT EASTMAN TO YOU, SUSIE G AND EVERYBODY INVOLVED KOOLLONDON 26 YEARS OLD

HAPPY BIRTHDAY KOOLLONDON

So excited to have Omar S, Move D, 
NYE > Nottingham 
 with 
DERBY DAY! 
1st Dec we come to 
Romania was mad!! 
 was on fire 
 have a sexy kinky Friday 
DJ UNO NICE SOUND SHOW



Download this fire set 
You got my heart!! I'm bumping these right now 
 Bun 
 absolutely smashed the life out of 
 linking up with Positive peoples in these times is a must! This was a real nice vibes in the studio 
Date for your diaries...NYE Reggae Roast party. Catch me on on MIC duties, alongside a massive lineup 
DL NOW
You weekly D&B fix to start the week right  - PLANET V Drum & Bass - New Music 
Gritty atmospherics from 
The one person you don’t want to have a free kick in your half 9 out of 10 times this happens. Hate you 
My bro again!
poll... going with 
maddd 
Soooo bright and lovely. Repost from 
The story behind every track on 
CANT WAIT TO COME BACK TO GERMANY NEXT YEAR 
TONIGHTS SHOW IN BRISTOL IS NOW SOLD OUT!!! 
This tour has been one of the best ever and last night was no exception. Thanks to everyone who came and made our nights! 
Humbled to be named 
 !!! 
U know right!
Tomorrow night in Cardiff!  
Da Lion roars this Friday night in CARDIFF at Room 112   
Crazy!
A snippet from da 
Da Lion roars this weekend in Gambia!   
 Dec 2nd 
 performing with tomaga_  
Boss Saturday wasn't it 
This shit run 
Great work and performance by last years artist 
 are on FIRE right now (and always). A pleasure to host them in Newcastle! 
Tonite! London is ours 
WINTER TOUR 2017. Tickets selling fast, get yours at 
Mad turn out for tonight
Stream ‘Ceasefire’ now 
Check out this playlist! A bunch of amazing bands on it! 
Thanks for a sick time Glasgow 
Tonight!
Circa Survive and Thrice with CHON and Balance and Composure at the Agora 
Seeing 
 on fire this morning at 
First rehearsal under 
Banging rehearsal tonight with 
 unreal
aj tracey's album probably the best thing i've heard all year, alakazam absolutely bangs 
Guess who's verified on Spotify?
The boys in 
We're heading out on this little run with our boys in 
We have just restocked our longsleeve tees! Head over to our online store to pick one up 
Cheltenham, you guys set the bar last night! 
Ibadan Woss CDQ Yeh-Yeh in d building 
The harmattan got me feeling like WINTER IS COMING. Man's not hot 
Ask your mummy mummy honestly who's my father 
 ooo dis is 
THANKYOU 
Good Luck Babes. 
My brain is FRAAAAZZZLED 
Game. Of. The. Season. 
FAN CLUB WILDCARD CANDIDATES! Vote for your favourite before MIDNIGHT 1/12/17... 
Loving the submissions... don’t forget to submit at 
Her words from the Land of Fire 
In case you missed 
Things are heating up 
10 Event Trends for 2018 
Fired up the 
Trippy Visual Alert: 
THAB
APP red zone show will be in our school tomorrow everyone wear red and white and be ready to get rowdy 
Ready for GDG DevFest Istanbul 2017! 
Those unis are 
Hasbrouck Heights High School will be wearing new custom 
NEW UNIFORMS AND GLOVES 
Kean University Football will be rocking these 
The way AP first stirred the 
We play at 1 PM today! It's been moved to inside the 
Thrilled to announce we will be opening for 
HOT NEWS COMIN DOWN THE PIKE 
The conversation is about to get explosive. 
Huge congrats to our friends 
 VIDEO IS OUT! premiere on 
Idk 
"Insert Title Here" - 
Chicago with the fam. Bout to be 
 coming in clutch with this rockstar re crank rn 
 never disappoints
FIRE!!!!!
 killed it last night 
Got my Rare SoCal ticket can’t wait to see my boy 
The day we get a 
FUCK YEAH!!! GHOUL SQUAD GOING TO 
might fuck around and go just for that 
Party thieves 
Im just going to rare SoCal for 
Every Sunday!
LIVE RIGHT NOW ON 
It’s going huge!

 nailed it again 
Go cop it 
Big ups to my brother! 
Check out the latest single from 
The playlist with the most 
THIS IS TOO GOOD 
Finally got some 
MINE TOO! Straight 
FACTS!! 
ADE 2017 Recap 
Hahah they’re HOT!! 
Dope ass session last night with the wicked talented 
Ayy 
 : “
This track is 
Madden 
Very very fucking tough. Def a must slap fr 
Thank god for instagram live. Without 
11 songs you need in your life this week, featuring 
These kick drums are too crucial for any, and all whip activities

Check out "Sticks In The Dirt" by 
Chicago is home to some of the most 
another one 
"Name a new group that is going this hard" 
I’m so amazed right now man, 
three songs in and damn
Man this is 
600 plays in a day, I love y'all forreal. GMG 2018. 
Thanks for the support everyone. 
Go listen now !! 
Daaaaaamn I’m only mid the first song and I’m already way past majorly impressed. 
This album already is fire
New Single 
6 more days 
Dream Village (Official Visual) 
 Listen. That episode 43 
 
Is ready to accommodate a lit pack
The sun is out. Within Lifestyle Carwash. Issa vibe
You know where you need to be on the 9th of December 
Oysters for days... 
Larry Keeler himself taking us all to jamtown at 
Check out Keller's Grateful Grass on 
Ndagga / Basic Channel / Rhythm & Sound's Mark Ernestus is joining us this weekend in London... A very special guest, we can't wait.... 
Twitter's 
How these guys remixes Omunye phekomunye gqom to afrosoul
I am LOVING 
“I now declare a fat FOKOF to self-doubt, self-sabotage and The Fear. It's time I came for everything nami. LET'S GO!” - 
This performance was a party 
Good meeting you too Derek. Thanks for your help bud. 
You guys look awesome. Have fun! 
Right on! Congrats! 
Aw dude. Thanks Ryan 
You know we had to bring down the fam from 
FRESH CANS! Our DIPA Dig My Earth is back. Brewed w/ 
Ya dun know 
 has released its first but most definitely not last dj on their crazy line up 
Yasss! Let’s gerrit 
The Omega 
Tonight we’re on again @Unruly_Fridays ! 
Check out our Instagram & Facebook for more info
Come party with us one last time 
Yo! Guys! Come thru for First Thursdays at Chez Ntemba 
Yuhhh!!! 
Life's s'more fun with bonfires and freshmen family groups 
MAJOR VIBES TONIGHT SATURDAY 4 NOVEMBER 2017 | THE LOFT
THIS SATURDAY 4 NOVEMBER 2017 | THE LOFT
 LIVE THIS SATURDAY 4 NOVEMBER 2017 | HOUSE OF AFRIKA | THE LOFT

THE BEST OF HOUSE, HIPHOP & RNB UNDER ONE ROOF 
CAPE TOWN LETS DO IT AGAIN! 

HOUSE OF AFRIKA
THE BEST OF HOUSE, HIPHOP & RNB UNDER ONE ROOF  
HOUSE OF AFRIKA

THE BEST OF HOUSE, HIPHOP & RNB UNDER ONE ROOF  
TONIGHT WE CELEBRATE ANOTHER HUGE POP CULTURE  
CAPE TOWN WE SEE YOU THIS SATURDAY 28 OCTOBER FOR ANOTHER HUGE POP CULTURE 
7 MORE DAYS UNTIL ANOTHER HUGE POP CULTURE 
The ATL UTD 
We got 
So, let's kick off this weekend with a good vibe. Get ready, it's gonna be a long hot Chez X Summer 
Your fully loaded weekend starts tomorrow with Jump street 
 was Littttt!!! 
Thickness Reloaded
gucci mane kills his verse on blackbears new track - do re mi 
HE WAS SO WITHIN! 
 remix of Sad Story is fireeee!!
Rocking this week with my updated 
What was your favourite song you heard this week?


We are out at 
SA Please make sure you’re supporting local artists 
Crooked Colours - I Hope You Get It feat. Ivan Ooze [Official Video] 
MUA BY 
WHEN MY NEW WORK COME AROUND NEXT YEAR IM GNA NEED EVERYONE OF YOU FOR THAT SAHHA MIXTAPE OF THE YEAR AWARD
COME WITNESS THE BRO FUCKING SHIIT UP AT 
What better way to start off the month of December than by checking out the SF debut of 
Some upcoming 
2nd December 2017 it's happening 
The One Man Show 
TONIGHT!!! ARTIS #004 - THE ARSONIST SHOW 
Get your  ticket now 
 To the top
Lil Uzi Vert Unreleased Snippets 
First practice for 
They think we put here playing. But they ain’t ready for 
I've penned an online petition for 
Aliwal North, 
The biggest KasiXmas Party
Join the heatwave this Friday at THE ARSONIST SHOW 
Final Reminder!!!!!
We coming with the kid 
A coach at a power 5 school shared the foundation of their recruiting process.   Read and educate yourself on the process. 
LB's and DB's If you can make 1on1 tackles in open field keep your phone charged because recruiters will be calling. Watching a lot of kids on big time teams that flat out can't make a simple open field tackle. 
This kid right here is special. He is that dude the Top alpha dog of all alpha dogs in 6A    
That dude that killed Central last year D Swift is on national TV doing it in the SEC as a true freshmen.     Damn 
Man they better wake up on this kid before it's too late.    Just watch the film   Geez 
.  Get it done Pine 
Another sleeper 2018 kid who had a big senior season. Comes from great program + good film + good grades. When you can do it in 6A you can do it anywhere 
QV 29 
Sharon 10 

Told those Sharon Fans 
 Shuuuuuuuuuu

Check my boy new music vid
Tory Lanez killed this FREESTYLE 
Wow! I want him to ruin mine too. 
Young bulls got the juice 
‘Culture 2’ is dropping in next month 
That's another to Salah's tally for 
It's Now or Never..
If you’re  around Cape Town in the Strand area tomorrow night, come through to Umtata Lounge 
This Friday I’m also at Faerie Glen Pretoria catch me at Ibiza Sky Lounge 
This Friday at Polokwane Cricket Club 
Centurion Shisanyama this Sunday 
9 December Meat Lounge Bushbuckridge 
Incredible!! 
Why STEM? Watching 
Having an immigrant mentality | 
Because it’s Always ‘bout EPIC learning & failure & dance offs 
Two great athletes that love to be fast! 
Nail biting stuff. Well done, 
One day left... 
Two days to go... 
Sleep tight, The Reem is coming 
 going to be 
As well as 
 10 Street Commandments straight 
Go cop up, cane with the 
Young Buck’s project ‘10 Street Commandments’ is out now! 
Let the festivities begin on 
A few hot sessions this week. Ready for some racing over the next few weekends! 
That’s a good lookin’ shirt! 
RT & LIKE, One Winner gets a Free Heather Grey Flame Eye Beanie! 
Ending an unimaginable year of boxing with an 
 NRFL Awards race heats up 
GET IN!

The double sub pays off immediately as 
Enjoy great service & a fire 
First fire of the winter and it smells amazing 
Just relaxing on train on way 2 game and listening to 
How did I not know there was a 
WATCH: Christian Eriksen produced the naughtiest skill of the weekend against Newcastle. WOW! 
I know you are all dying for the newest installment of the B.G.M. 1st of The Month Podcast because well it’s the 1st of the month, but our takes are so 
SOMETHING NEW
One word to describe tonight: 
Tuesdays are so lit, we call the party 
So great, he has an amazing spirit and story, and his audience is truly there to listen and experience what he's offering. I'm thankful! 
 I will make sure to add ur tag to this today 
Those moves! 
New arrivals on the site, get there!! 
Some throwback footy of 
A few clips from the 
Thanks for the bless up ska’bruthas! 
AVAILABLE NOW (link in bio) 
The red hot 
SI-10 from 
Light it up 
Yeeoooow!!! We set out in 2012 to evolve the regular giving experience into something better and grow a movement, and now we're stupidly excited to kick off a year-long push to supercharge the Collective with our sights set on reaching over 1,000 regular donors 
CATCHING THE SUNSET 
I know this has probably been said but I don’t care. The new single Double Cross by 
The Arm Super-set of the week with 
**READY!? 50% OFF EVERYTHING STOREWIDE!!! GO!!!!**
Max Effort’s Black Friday is here!!  Tell your friends, tell your family, tell everyone!
Receive 50% off STORE WIDE! This will be an automatic deduction! 
Special Edition Thanksgiving 
**OUR BRAND NEW SWEET TEA FLAVOR HAS ALSO BEEN ADDED TO OUR INDUSTRY LEADING POST WORKOUT CATEGORY!!
Because everyone at Max Effort is so excited about the launch of this flavor, we decided to give it to you for FREE! That's right!**

My brother! 
 Best talent deserves best analysts 
 Which grappler gets your vote in 
 One week from today, 
 We want YOUR opinion! Who will be the MVP of NYC next Saturday? Make your choice known! 
 8 Days, 8 Grapplers, 1 KASAI World Lightweight Champion | 
 Nine days remain. The action will be insane. Not your ticket? Better think again... 
It’s Litty Again 
It's December, so we're turning up the thermostat to 360 degrees of no-scope hotness. 
A little fire 
This week's releases are 
New remix of Stoned out today by 
We got an early look at the 
Supporting Petit Biscuit next week in London! Sold out 
All the best to the big man 
Bonus scene! Cam missed the competition, but she still came to share the love before prom. Take a look at her 
I’m so Brooklyn, I’m so New York! As the holidays approach, the season gets real
Yasss dolls bring it home this trio is on fire 
Dropping on my YouTube channel at 7pm 
Glad to be back to the real Family  West oaks Academy 
Out now 
Go to 
Anthony Gill to start to game of the week in a wild way! 
Link n bio 
Chubby don in full affect 
RAY BARNES CENTRAL FLORIDA COMMIT 
We are already really looking forward to 2018!
This isn’t a music video, it’s a whole ass movie masterpiece packed into 7 minutes. 
10 mins until 
YES 
Los Angeles lets do this 
 REMIX with @NSGNSGMUSIC out tomorrow 
 new album dropped and I can't go past the first song because it's on repeat 
But this 
gonna be 
I just had the best night of my life 
First love remixes tomorrow 
 NEW ERA OF UCLA FOOTBALL 
WOLVES WIN the 64th CYO Tournament!
I love highlighting some of the causes I’m passionate about...check it out!! 
HE HURDLED HIM!


Facts.  
This Fab & Jada Tho... 
What a game!!!! Wow!!!  Hope to see the bro 
What a game boy. What a game!!!!  NBA is LITT
Lil bro 
Dante is a bad man 
Finished preseason w/ a nice win vs. an athletic Ocoee team. Thanks for having us. 

CFCA 82
Ocoee 54


That footwork though 
Florida man dem.... Uplay represent
RJ Barrett drops 33 and Montverde gets the BIG WIN 
 is honestly a legend! 
Shoutout to my guy 
All the pieces in the 
IS THIS LEGAL? 
Is your team prepared to get great exposure in 2018?

Prep Hoops is prepared to give prospects exposure 
Battle of the Lakes has become THE EVENT to attend in the spring
The Future Stars Classic is the event to take your 10-14U squads! Put them in a great national event under the bright lights
Events across the country with exposure and you can customize your schedule to attend only the tournaments you want! 

The Prep Hoops lineup in 2018 is 
Retweeted Th3 SΔgΔ ††† (
 Just released my new music video called "Pull On The Scene" watch the video here ITS LIT
Morning Natives, our Cyber Monday Sale is here! Save up to 50% on our entire store! Plus FREE Shipping on order over $100
Restock restock. 
Our Black Friday Sale & Winter Collection are here!
Its almost time! This drop is going to be crazy! 
We bringing the 
Our Flash Sale continues! 
Our Flash Sale begins today! 
We're just getting started 
11/24/17 (Next Friday) it's coming 
Great ball movement leads to an open 3 for 
The plays he made were 
So many whips on this Las Vegas strip 
Im really excited for indie jones II. Its about to be lit 
Never forget this one, 
New DNA Apparel Out Now Perfect Match For All The New Jordan’s 
Ask his mom what hurt more, giving birth or burying him? -
DNA VS BIG KANNON TRAILER (DROPS Tomorrow ) - RBE 
You makin callouts, well face the repercussion I walk up like Alina’s cousin, Nina’s bussin/Call a spade a spade I threw Jakk on the table knowing the king will cut him 
The Shaq Fu Collection Is Now Available In Store & Online - 
I wasn't really feeling the pro tools line but the rest is fire
Now that’s 
Tomorrow If Your In NYC PULL UP 12pm
No Haterade 
Shit is 
 Maxwell Lorca-Lloyd 19’ (


Preorder your “My condolences” hoodies now! Men and women!! More quotes coming!

Jc vs 
I snuck the armor round dis bitch... like my first real date 
Never seen 
Facts fam...YK has been underrated for the longest which is very mind boggling. The underdogs; YK, JC, Danny Myers, etc are the ones I always root for because they stay droppin 
Shout-out 
 Be proud of your 2nd round against Cortez. I done watched this ho 5 times by itself. 
I get it Poppin when it bang/ silencio sound like NADA when it Bang/ Impala hop out Rob him with the thang/ Creflo left the Nigga with a dollar to his name/ 
Auburn student section Swag Surf so lit 
"Sometimes you gotta look in the mirror and have that one on one..." 
CHAMBEA OFFICIAL VIDEO WITH THE NATURE BOY!!! WOOOOO!
Out Now 
  & 
NEW 
OCTOBER 30TH MY BRO whisperspk3 DROPPING THAT NEW 
 kill it bro!
Yooooh bro that was insanely intellectual.  Craaaaaaaazy to say the least 
“I heard it’s ILL in the lobby, I grab the NOSE-RUNNIN I’m coming DOWN WITH SUMN” ~ 
ME x Fabolous x Conceited 
 Dope battle good shit 
“I’ll be at ya crib knocking, with a big fifth this bitch shining, catch what the nickel send thru the door homie here’s Johnny” 
Just came across 
A little fire for yall 
BOOM!
Legend!
Dropping 8 battles from 
 I follow a Subject like the Predicate omfg
"Me , nyce , spee 3 deep in a old Volvo,  1 nigga bring 2 naaa...osolo !!!!  " 
Jazzy Jeff got kicked out the front door.  So why would u say window ? .. ah i guess it makes sense .. u from the Glove right .. that means he never seen fresh prints (Fresh Prince) 

Arrghhhhalqlqkqqkqqkqk 
My nigga Saynt 
Julian Newman been 
 League Moments drop!! You can now find Sapphire 
Mike Francesa put McAdoo & Reese in body bags. Grab the podcast if you missed it. Lit those dudes on fire 
Work was great this week. Find out what I've been working on tomorrow 
That record is 
I have been grooving since his album drop 
Close 2017 Strong with These 9 Apps w/ 
Yes!! 
I think 
Tonight's secret ingredient: hot honey. 
Our journalism doesn't happen without YOU.
Become a sustaining member at the $10/month level & this 
Those moves! 
"Some Like It Hot" at Porter House. 
Found my new sound. 
fur real, this look is 
So I nearly choked to death and it sounded exactly like the drop synth in this 
Can't wait to see the 
My boy 
Want some custom stuff made by the guy behind all the Twonk designs!

You gotta nab some of this!

 10/27!!!!!!
Get your ticket !!!
Maison
Busy morning here in court number one at Swansea Crown - four defendants sentenced in 90 minutes. 
This is so dope guys! "Trap Or Die" will be featured on 
! 
Zing! 
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% off SITE WIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
 listen to my b2b set with 
 always brings the 
Nu aят for 
That's amazing 
Thank you to everyone who came and supported my Birthday Bash last night! What a night it was 
 has just dropped his bday bash line up 
 birthday bash is going to be a madness next year!!!!

Team Drumz & 
Dreps's Birthday Bash at Fire 
GodFather is here !Thank you for all my knowledge 
Closing the night 
Yo 
Thank you to all the producers on 'HIGHLY FLAMMABLE' 
Got so many tune coming with loads of people 
Air max on my feet, obviously 
This one had a little bit of everything. Re-live it with the quick
Nah 
MIKE MAGEE! 
That's a 
Check Out Ghostface Killers 
MOTORSPORT OUT NOW
Check It Out 
Straight 
Manchester next week cant wait 
This Ones Going Off!!! Myself & 
Can’t stop listening to this 
This shit run 
Come onnn 
Shouts to 
New chart 
1 sleep & this drops, beautiful production & a massive anthemic vocal from 
Absolutely fantastic performance by 
Liverpool next week 
“Mellow Mermaids and Malibu” by 
  you killed this track bro 
EVERYMAN MAKE SURE U GO CHECK OUT 
Knower and Skeltr tonight at London Jazz Festival! 
NEW MIX OUT NOW
Good luck to the 
Excellent work by 
After the heat 
City was on fire tonight. View from the 
This season's MAN line-up is 
#1 in the App Store for the past 2 weeks, 
It was a fun ride, congrats 
Love you too ___and_mo_re_  roland_mouret THIS!! 
But you have to admit, your selfie game is 
On 
The 10 best sneaker photos we dug up on Instagram for this week’s 
You can listen to the latest track from 
Looking forward for tonight 
JUST ADDED to 
Next up... Fourth World! This one is gonna be insane.
That cake shake from 
 over Steamboat. 
Back-to-back record highs in Denver! 
2017 is a historic year for Polynesian Music Artists 
He broke out with an All-Star season. We're breaking out a new Smoak bobblehead pres. by 
Pt 2 of 
 Yankees win... THIS TEAM 
It’s time to be more active and make my social media 
Stunning views at Lytham St Annes last night 
We’re ready to sound check!
Riot Days in Dublin 
Scintillating 
TRY! SALFORD!! 
12 young people 
Not even half of our list of beef 
Tonight we welcome 
For the next hour Megan and Meg will be bringing you the Best of British throwbacks
 | His strike put us on our way to victory and it seemed like he was everywhere today... 

Gylfi gets your vote as MotM! 
Big win going into the international break 
"It's no coincidence that Boof is next to the bar!"

When 
fresh new wheels 
21
22
23

Back row young guns were tearing it up yesterday! 
Day two was all Australia! 
Aussies win the first 2 hours. 
Pressure on England. 
I’ve been to A LOT of concerts but 
Hat-trick hero 
She came. She scored. She Ronaldo’d... 
MONDAY: 
CHELTENHAM TOMORROW 9-4 ON THE PROM! 
Win is a win for 
 back in W column! PP & PK were 
! “Neva forgettin from where I
2 x 
 MATCHDAY!!!

Boomers! Red hot 
Best goal I've ever seen !! 
Buuuuurn 
Day 2 Junior Country Clubs: The competition has been 
Introducing...
Jordan. So clutch right now. Jordan. 
Yeah check it out from Civic Square. Y'know why? Cuz I'M LIT 
Fire in the sky 
If you needed a new computer wallpaper, here you go 
HOT OFF THE PRESS 
"Michel, you ain't dreaming! Keep your eyes wide open and see you are leading at First Avenue 
Dennis Skinner unleashes the inner Beast and rips into the Tory 
STUBBLE! This dude is so 
On fire 
Derby's number 1 grime MC, Eyez, drops football freestyle ahead of this weekend's derby
Bringing sexy back
Just your standard 6 try’s on your England debut what a performance 
 Win A Trip To Tenerife! 
25 sports pictures you may have missed, but NEED to see. 
Some words of praise from 
Eden Hazard has had a hand in 11 goals in his last 10 games in all competitions for Chelsea (8 goals, 3 assists) 
What a performance 
Love your optimism 
Where’s the link to this set ?  And my flow sweet like ribs blud I don’t tell fibz ay 
Last Night was 
Warming up the house very nicely tonight. 
Who’s brave enough to play Beer Country’s Chilli Roulette today 
My verdict on Magical Girl Spec-Ops Asuka 
EXETER TONIGHT!!!! 

W/ DEATH REMAINS, PERPETUA AND BLACK COAST 

EXETER CAVERN 
DOORS AT 7:30 
WE PLAY SOON AFTER DOORS 

We’re bowled over by all the lovely and beautiful souls who came to see us in Aberdeen, Inverness and Dundee. It might be cold up there but we felt nothing but warmth. 
Last night was 
I literally never wear caps but this piece of merch is 
NEW SLOWCOACHES SINGLE IS 
Nia, You beautiful young woman! I am beyond excited to see the journey life takes you on. And don't wait to get to the top to pass the torch! Pass it now. Ignite someone else flame! 
Ooft, stellar start from 
 spittin' that T Dot Bakardi Slang on the 
Truly 
What. A. Lineup. 
Truly addicted to 
 absolute fire in Manchester tonight! New fan here 
Prep for 
Latest from 
 release their ‘Red Blinders’ EP today 
 aliyahjonespromotion (get_repost)
・・・
Weddy weddy nuh good again
Now playing: The Torchettes session 'Dreams' by Fleetwood Mac live off the floor 
 THIS THURSDAY 
 TONIGHT!! MEET ME 
More 
Aidonia ft Govana x Breeze 
GOING STRONG 
HOT TOOL!!! 
On the topic of 
READY NOW
Boasy Tuesday 
UPTOWN MONDAY MOMENT
listennn Sevana's outfit last night was 
Stormzy 
From P15 to P8!
Tomorrow is our final race 
Check Out 
 Out Now!
Rtkal & Shokryme EPs

 FREE GIVEAWAY 
Likkle Miss @iamlikklemiss in studio just finish recording her hit collab with Shawn Storm @shawn_storm_sivva_official Song titled "That's What Friends Are For" 
Likkle Miss Ft. Shawn Storm - That's What Friends Are For
GIVING AWAY 3X REAL LIFE FUT CARDS OF YOUR CHOICE!
You lads definitely put in a shift today 
all NATURAL
Kohli and 100s this series is like the sunrise and the sunset - inevitable.

For those you haven't seen it yet, here's today's 
Prepare yourselves for tomorrow's 
Atmosphere at Elland Road last night was 
Young Uncle Phill!!!! Happy birthday to my brother!!!!
Roger on 
Son on song. Tottenham on fire. 
Seeing 
This kettlebell glutes workout is a cross-training must! 
Well hello there old friend... SO chuffed that 
Burn your opposition 
Go check out my boy 
Boys, are yall ready for what's coming???
It’s LIT 
No better way to start off a Friday than 2 hours of class 
 Farooq fired up 
And that’s the bonus point for 
“I now declare a fat FOKOF to self-doubt, self-sabotage and The Fear. It's time I came for everything nami. LET'S GO!” - 
New arrivals in the 
You don't wanna miss this year's Soul Cypher! 
Atlantic City! A special night w/ 
Downloaded mixcloud just to hear 
A long time coming, but a 
The wee man 
Just catching up on 
We're still thinking about 
Toni's new single 
LAST HOURS FOR PRICE CHANGE
Let's Do This 
Hey London, hey Glasgow, check out the hottest gigs this December!! Meet our 2018 Hottest Band 
Feeling fiery as we announce our Hottest Band of '18! Yes.... 
Tickets have now gone on sale for 
 is shaping up to be epic!! Dates are out and there's been site upgrade. Who is ready!?!?! Bring on 2018. 
GLASGOW... 
Two new rich Keeved desert ciders from the excellent 
 @ The Craft Beer Co. Brighton 
Tip-top ale and cider selection to start your week off right. We’ve got a fire lit to cosy up to, too! 
Morning beauts 
Burnt Cedar for burntlemonbakery

Does what is says on the cup - 2 DAYS TO GO 
Well bassy, well funky, it’s 
WHAT A LIST 
 MELBOURNE SHOPIFY MEETUP TONIGHT
These guys 
Denim on denim vibes 
Oomph 
 received five 
2 braids 
repost via @divvypic from 
happening now
 Catch up with a fresh cup of HOT T with 
I did fumble!!!  It’s true.  
Good meeting you too Derek. Thanks for your help bud. 
You guys look awesome. Have fun! 
Right on! Congrats! 
Aw dude. Thanks Ryan 
Set List Vol 72: 
We’ve got the firepits 
Get her to 10k views! 
The Atlanta fire department stopped by for a 
Much respect! 
We’re rockin’ into the week with the LEGENDARY 
NEW # GIVEAWAY 
Hot 
Me when they bring negative bullsh
 !boom for replay! PUBG TIME! WE BACK ON!! 
 DBS Reaction! Then PUBG & CS? | AnimeBlazeDOTcom | 
 Dokkan battle, CsGO? And PUBG!!!! | AnimeBlazeDOTcom | 
 PUBG Grind The Dragonball FighterZ Practice! 
From Gaga to 
Enjoying some 
Photo Shoot + Jerseys = 
Party Sunday Sureee stream later 
Camila Cabello x Young Thug x Guy Gabriel. 
 
$1,000 CASH 
It's LIT... TUNE IN! 
Happy thanksgiving squad
On tomorrow night's 
- How strong are typical tempered glass side panels? We drop one on concrete multiple times to find out! 
 !
If you are an Elite Member I recommend to turn my notifications on! If you're not what you waiting for? 
NFL for today is up! I'm pumped for football today.. ready to make some $$$!

NBA for tonight up a little early! Make sure to check back around 7:15 for any updates due to late news!

FD been 
KAT not playin the first quarter sucked still turned out to be a decent night for me tho! Going Drummond > KAT woulda been 
I was hot like Brian Scalabrine 
When you light up the 
 Step up your game with this crispy World Best Gaming apparel from 
That was clean 
Decided to stay online a bit longer than normal but kickass cast tonight! Played duos with 
2-0 vs 
GAME DAY. Playing FaZe in a bo5 for the trophy today, make sure to tune in!

2-1 vs SK-Gaming. One more to go! Lets do this
SEMIS 
15 kills for 
16-11 vs 
 is on another level 
Chasing this win. This 2K is ours. 
It was super tight! But 
The First Playerunknown's Battlegrounds ESU League Duo Finals are on tonight. Come check out our Cougar Lads 
New collabo is lit 
We've got another batch of sick frags for our Community 
Our lads from NA, 
Our lads are on fire 
Mans hot 
 GUARANTEED ICON! Top 100 Monthly & Weekly rewards! Watch it here:  
MY OFFICIAL 2017 INTRO MADE BY 
Warming up with some rack pulls before the real workout starts 
Work in progress MSI HB SLI bridge 
They've done it! 
The hottest startups in 
The things i just did to these people is insane. 

NOT DONE YET! 
Consider that a message. GG's OpTic we win 2-0 and advance to 1-0 in our pool. Playing Fable on main stage at 7 est 
LA folks: Enter TODAY to win a free all-access pass to the 
Finished 3-0 in our pools. Real tournament starts today, gonna bring that energy 
Finish 2-0 in our pool. GG's to everyone we played. Tomorrow is a new day, gonna bring the same energy 
DAY 2 of my 2017 Holiday Tech Gift Guide is LIVE 
DAY 1 of my 2017 Holiday Tech Gift Guide is LIVE 
NEW VID IS LIVE! 
NEW VIDEO IS LIVE! 
I wouldnt do that-hopsin absolute fireeeee
Happy Thanksgiving to everyone from all of us at 
We would like to welcome our new addition to the 
Fire
Out on the town and looking 
AMBER
Neesh comfortably holds a lancer and gets head downed, and Emily tells us to watch out as Ashley mimics her in a nasally nerd voice. Enjoy the ladies of FNI. 
AMBER 
I'm going in I'm putting everything on tha line 
F/A For S2 HMU 
Best 
Check out the second album of my insanely talented buddy 
FANDOMS ASSEMBLE
It’s doesn’t get any better than this 
 NEW 
If you in Sydney Prive Halloween Ball 2017 at Verandah Bar 55-65 Elizabeth street. Sydney 
Tomorrow will be different 
NY Shit Talk 
Rising reggaetón star 
En route to football... Buzzing to be one of the first to sit in the 
Firing our way into another week! 
3 stouts for a snowy Sunday
Let's get lit fam! 
The competition is fierce 
A little push. A little pull. More here, less there. And if you can't handle the heat—well... The right messaging mix that can actually boost 
Fifth three of the night for Devaney! 

A career-high SIX three-pointers for Quinci Mann!!! Back and forth we go as Lehigh regains the lead 65-64 with 5 minutes left 
If anyone tries to tell you "guitar music is dead" again, just make 'em listen to 
Keeping up to date with 
Supporting Joe Fox at Brudenell - October 13th! New tunes from this summer, tickets £5 
YEAH YEAH ft. 
Honored to be on the Morehouse homepage with 
 was 
EVERY LAST ONE OF THESE IS TUNES 
Kojey Radical in his songs Footsteps & kwame Nkrumah 
champs gone wild 
If you didn't listen last time listen now, older tracks have gone but EP is up & 
Renz ft. Trinna Carter - Want Me [Music Video] | GRM Daily 
Hot off the press! 
Hot off the press in the Yorkshire Living Magazine! 
ALERT 
60 World Renowned DJ's!
6 Days & Nights of House Hedonism! 
Guided by the fires 
WILD LIFE-THE FINAL DC-10 TONIGHT!! 
y'all we can't wait to see 
Russia used operatives from NRA, Christian Conservatives & Vetrans groups to try & establish a back-channel 
I'm on my NY shit.... 
 HOT OFF THE PRESS! 
 NEW: Does your breakfast have something to say? Quite possibly. 

Coming at you LIVE from 
Back to Chicago for 
From the 
These what I'm rocking this season 
266.00 each! 
Creating the perfect 
Stepping into the season in 
Aye 
Check out my EXTREME SPICY RAMEN NOODLE CHALLENGE w/ 
We’ve been dropping 
Yeaaa tone!!! 
 HALFTIME! 
Such a great night for the 
It's been way too long since we've done GTA 5 Play As A Cop mod... GET READY FOR AN EPIC LIVESTREAM 
That livestream was pure 
Who's your favorite superhero in this thumbnail?! 
GTA 5 Avengers: Infinity War mod in just a bit! 
GTA 5 mod livestream in just a bit and then I'm gonna do some Fortnite! 
JUST IN! ILL BE PERFORMING AT 
New Headshot Alert
 Big Banc Uchies On The Dash Board Dat Part 
“Not talkin bout no 02 maserati’s, im talkin bout a 2016 GLE Coupe” 
  it’s Lit 
 S/o to 
One of my favorite moments.
All about the U 
Shooting 
Tre'Quan Smith was on 
Watch me on 
33+ mins of unadulterated 
Dani - THREE - G! 
Going from a 
I’m doing a 14 Day Unity Challenge with 
“If my friends here want to give a tax cut to the middle class, why don’t we give a tax cut to the middle class? Why don’t we put the money directly there?” -
Rapid fire Qs with 
New Yorker bringing the 
BuzzFeed to Debut Interactive Dating Show on Facebook Watch - excited for this one!! 
Girl’s got skillz!! 
A special extended cut of the Try Guys absolutely failing at making 
South Africa is doing bits rn. 
Holy Christ LA you were wild tonight !!!! 
Whew!! Here’s Loop Loft artist 
Tonite and tomorrow we are LIVE 
Has anyone ever used Keyscape through Omnisphere 2? I just did and Keyscape Creative is a level up. 
Don't sleep on 
 get em!!! RIP P 
Our Director Lucy Batley on stage with 
ReactQL has my Mac like....


Well it’s definitely a blazing fire 
Fed up and frustrated ladies, I want to help you for free… 
The new Primal Fitness Members App is looking 
Go on 
TRAINING PLANS START TODAY! Download a plan now: 
If you're like us & can't get enough of 
Let's go 
Cheers Dave top man 
Save 20%! 
Road report: surrounding roads are gritted. Go careful in slush. Fires roaring, open for business! 
Thank you, Leanne. Sending fire!
A peek of The Hilyard 
Today has been full of fiery jobs 
It’s officially arctic outside and what better way to stay warm than with a 
Amazon patent reveals company's latest idea: a self-destructing delivery drone. What will happen when it does that near your home? 
Jamz Norway! 
Looking forward to seeing this after it's been in the kiln
It’s raining chocolate!!!
Warm yourself up with one of our famous Coast hot chocolates or maybe try a mint or orange one 
Another fantastic bonfire night 
Mans Not Hot 
Battle over 'Who is on 
Another three 
A very special fixture indeed. 

Back to back three pointers from Weary 
Details: 
Tuesday 24th
KB118
8-10pm
Screening: Paris is Burning
I have decided that I don't want to be a Firefighter anymore because it looks like a dangerous job for me to do but I do like the clothes that they wear including boots, pants, coat, hood, breathing apparatus and helmet 
 Most league goals in 2017 (top 4 tiers; inc. P/Os):
87
Highlights!! Happy to be picking up different bits of experience with every outing, good to see certain techniques coming through 
Sheyi Ojo in black Faith Cap 
Go to @YouMenswear in Camberley and check out our stock inside 
What a legacy this man leaves behind. Miguel Cotto 41(33)-6 
Fantastic 3 points yesterday, no less than what the lads deserved 
Rooney cm 
Under 
Sparta Hypnos being sported by 
Another penalty save 
Today, look back at IdeasCity New York on film: 
In solidarity with the 2000+ (and growing) force of art workers at 
Thanks to all our 
So. Much. Fire ! 
Sensational day with DELUXE ROCKER leading from pilar to post & making it four wins for the Waterhouse/Bott team 
This girl is on fire 
 

Hot King Prawn canters to an effortless Class Three win, now 4/4 with 
Woodside bred progeny take 1st -Pachino Boy & 3rd - Tina turban in R5 
Beautifully bred 2yo filly TERMINOLOGY (Star Witness/Taylor’s Command) wins in convincing style in her debut trial. Aiming for 
Our Facebook page was just launched
Eptimum becomes stakeswinner 16 for Snitzel - now ten off his & Danehill’s record, 13 weeks into the season 
What a stallion!! 
John Swing DJ set at Campfire Headphase 
PAUL GATT jockey on fire 
New mixtape heat from 
fair play to 
This year 
SW. (Live) last night was a game changer 
 honestly fave part in the entire song.
INGRID GOES WEST nominated for two Spirit Awards: Best First Time Screenplay and Best First Time Feature. Congrats 
 Our latest emergency politics podcast => Flynn Flips
 Friday 20/10 
Radio tonight 1-3AM 
Saturday night 
AFTA-1 and Melbourne's best: Amin Payne, members of 30/70 and Horatio Luna, Cazaeux Oslo (SO.Crates) and N'fa Jones 
new hot fire from 
Still can't get over how good 
The guns on this Wonder Woman cosplayer tho 
This forthcoming 
 TIME TO TUN UP 
Get ready for that grimey bass 
A triple threat and 
Oi this WSTRN tune is bad!! 
Who's ready for Art Basel tings? We know we are! We're teaming up with RedBull to bring you guys some 
Swear down I play that new 
 - Trill (Prod by B.O Beatz) [Official Video] 
 I've never listened to Music Because it's Currently 'In' or 'Cool' 
I listen to Talent, Your Music, Your Words and Delivery will always make you Relevant! 
Straight Facts/Spotlight/Trill 
*NEW MUSIC* 'CHIP FT. GHETTS - GETS LIKE THAT' VIDEO OUT NOW 
 Is on fire yano 
Call me Again ft 
Ghetts - Regulate (Warren G cover) in the 1Xtra Live Lounge 
| Tash Bash Dancers 

We had two of the sexiest dances of the year happen on Monday night 
| TASH BASH |
 GOOD LUCK ALL UOG SPORTING CLUBS IN BUCS WEDNESDAY 
| Tash Bash |
| Let’s go Tash Bash |
| Tash Bash Raffle Announcement 

Who’s excited for the raffle tonight 
| TBSS #3 |
HAM ON EMO NITE 
the 
Lastnight at Contact
Then Saturday quick Stop Off in my hometown of LDN!!! With these Legends at this Special Event 
Coco was fiiiiireeee 
I’m playing tonight in London. Get yourself down there 
 2018 is out today on 
Woiii the next 877 Records release is fire 
Delighted to win at the 
Oh yeah,tonight this is happening. My first ever 
 this guy just spits fire 
If you haven't already check out 
Catch ups with this hottie 
 ROOM 2 NEXT SATURDAY 
Sold out business! And the rest are moving fast. Grab your tix nowww! 
OUT NOW!


3rd year at 
New chart featured on the Breaks and Bass pages on 
We did a artist selection chart for this months 
NO FUCKING GASS THIS IS ONE OF THE HARDEST EPS OUT RIGHT NOW !!!!! 


It's time for that Midweek Heat again! This week we've selected tracks from 
Big time winners: 
Powerfully cinematic sound design courtesy of 
Oh yeah , new music tomorrow via 
GZ Basel Edition…
New track went live over the weekend on 
Latest 
Having a sneaky listen to the new 
Brand new fire courtesy Hutchinson 
Look at this fabulous bunch. They'll be joining us by the fire in Foxy John's, Main Street, Dingle, for 
Get yourselves out of that cold and sit yourselves in front of our fire 
12 Tech-House exclusives included in '
Cot dayumn, that new 
That new 
Bruhhhhs that 
Fully flexin to Jaden Smith's album... guy just bought a serious amount of Tesla's and talent 
Madness of a weekend commencing with this one w/ 
Oh yh, return of mr re!! 
.We bring 
Get it NOW!--> 
New music out now via 
Get that new from my dude 
What a set last night 
issa tour [and EP!] 
BRAND NEW MUSIC added to NXTSTYLE 100 ft. 
When you get roasted but they don’t know you’re about to come back with some real heat 
The next 3 headliners for our secret warehouse rave in Birmingham have been announced! Joining us are 
my crew didn't disappoint... thank you all 
Last night's show is now up on the cloud, music from 
There has been loads of 
This remix of 
Get this girl a Fire in the Booth STAT. I bet she's got barrrrssss. Chattin' wild shit in the all black trackie and with the messy bun 
We recently had the opportunity to speak to one of our all-time favourites, man like 
no one understands the vibes last night at 
  Grime 360...Its out ! Go cop this 
Ahead of their first event at 
In celebration of hitting 10k followers on Soundcloud, 
Our weekly track selection is back with Midweek Heat! This week we've picked out killer tunes from 
Our brother 
I'm gonna be on 
Need to get 
My official 
This is one of my favorite 
Bruhhhhhh 
Got some absolutely naughty tunes to play on 
 Mad set in camberley 
I can’t get enough of this moombah heat 
Big tune alert !!! 
Yo this new 
You guys killed it 
What a win yesterday 
So in Love with this one 
Yknow it's a good night when 
No surprise the boy 
collab W/ 
UKG Crew! Uploaded our Old Skool vs New School UK Garage mix to the 
- Next Collab TrackS: 
Locked into the brudda 
only 3 weeks till 
That old school Grime feel 
Waveyyy
Gotta love artists like this 
About last night in Sunderland 
We’ll take a 9.5 from 
Your vibe attracts your tribe 
Set times for Saturday 
Wednesday vibes 
We are feeling this 
Crazy Cousinz x Yxng Bane x Mr Eazi x Lily McKenzie - No Way [Music Vide... 
 is the motive tomorrow the line up is 
This is the best thing I’ve seen in a while!! Big up the 
*NEW* FREE MIXTAPE  
F*ck the dailymail 
 COMPETITION O'clock 
Our winter warmers chart 
Mate it’s a banger! 
My brand new show starts TONIGHT 9PM 
 definitely did this rmx justice 
sickness 
The dutch dubstep prodigy Mr. MT has put together an awesome box of subweight pressure, focusing on a dubwise use of space and bass frequencies.

Our boy 
This.Was.Real. 

We've added three new beers to the family... DIPA, Raspberry Choc Stout & a Vietnamese coffee milk porter ...Tasting amazing! 
Am best cook. Next Gordon Ramsey. 
My favorite mouse is back. The 
Gonna be a madness 
 thank the lord for o2 priority, this is going to be a madness
change is good. Thank you to the 
Glam 
Man my lil bro 
The best thing the NFL has done in a while was let these guys start back celebrating... they've been 
THXXXX FOR HAVING ME 
JUDY BLAME 
SO GOOD TO HAVE LYNETTE IN TOWN 
THEO ADAMS COMPANY WEARING HALPERN AW2017 PERFORMING @ ANNABEL'S 
 IT'S BACK 
Our brand ambassador Conor McManus on 
Fireside conversations with 
our 
That is the best I’ve ever seen Stevenage play in recent memory 
55 pitches, 12 teams & 12 organisers! 
I'm lucky + v grateful to work with the Engineering team 
Always smiling this one ...
Kyrie & LeBron 
HELLO our favourite event of the year is back! DCU Dance’s Full Monty is here Nov. 27th! Get your tickets on the Facebook page here 
U14(1) girls are on fire 
Win alert 
Chills after having heard all these fantastic 
The Irish for flamingo is 'lasairéan', which translates literally as flamebird. 
Who rocked it better?? 
Like for 
It's lit 
It was 
Release Tour
Marguerite de La Rocque, a French noblewoman who, because of a forbidden romance, was marooned on an uninhabited island near Newfoundland in 1542 with her lover and handmaiden, outlived them all and survived by hunting wild animals until she was rescued by Basque years later. 
Tonight, playing for the first time in NOLA 
 Holman with the pass AND the swing! 
Please help retweet so we can drop the 
 hitting .700 in Set 2. 
We're coming in 
New video is LIVE 
The "Love So Soft" 
His return was legendary last night! Was good to have you back home 
Higher is out tomorrow ! 


Look at this freaking babe 
Look at this freaking babe sallysmack 
SING IT SISTER 
Travelling at over 200km/hr with 
Thank you for the love 
Blazers
Get UP!
Hard to be cold when our team is this hot!
lit. 
Every Sat we will feature 
‘What has to be one of the best books of 2017’ 
PENCE
We're so excited that 
Lil cousin snapped. I love how gritty this is. It’s like vintage Philly rap. 
Little miss 
Girl on Fire
THIS girl is on fire 
First goal of the 
I'm so pumped to wear these! 
Sweet line up with a few of our friends at 
Netflix or Chill? 
OMG this 
Late night bleezy. RT if you got love for the bass player. 
We have a TON of great 
 are my ears deceiving me? 
This ones for you 
Habs on 
 "Let's bring this one to the boil, shall we?" 
Whaaaaaaaaat!!!!!! 
Tickets for Queens Of The Stone Age at Finsbury Park are NOW ON SALE! 
New episode: we talk about Canada's dying/murdered newspaper industry and the value of apologies with 
Damnation Festival was a blast!
See you all again in 2018 Uk 
 I heard Obvious on 
 just heard Obvious w/Cassie real dope track man!! Loved it, looking forward to hearing more from you on 
I'll just say it. Anything 
Dan Petry made a return visit to the mound and threw 
Who's excited to hear our cover of 
We put together this intimate STRICTLY UNDER 18 show for all of you who aren't old enough to come to our tour next month! Tix on sale now 
Our new season is on 
Oh man, they did not disappoint. This album is 
Who's grabbed their tickets to The Ethereal Tour in September? Get em while they're hot 
WE CAUGHT A BODY ON THIS ONE!! 

MEGA shout outs to Melbourne the other week, 2 RIPPING nights 
NEW VIDEO OUT NOW 
New Video Out 
When your Kumbuka fit is ready 
YBN Nahmir & AlmightyJay The Hottest Youngins Out 
Since the summer,  Alabama's 
Suchapapi - Walk Freestyle 
Ysl by 
 never disappoints 
DONT WAIT UNTIL THE DAY OF!! GET YO TICKETS NOW!! MIGHT BE SOLD OUT 
All this guy spits is fire 
Bett 
The difference between Bad bitch vs Sad bitch 
T-Gordon is out here killing it 
 Im Fuckin With Dat New Tape U Drop 
Promising to release a lot of 
Spicy morning 
Best R&B sound from Nashville I've heard in a good minute. 
 hard everytime
Looking 
Rode this hoe
SHOULD I DROP JUICE VIDEO TOMORROW 
MY NEW SONG SASHA IS AVAILABLE EVERYWHERE! IF YOU IN THE CAR GRAB THE AUX CHORD
ICYMI: NEW MUSIC added to NXTSTYLE 100 ft. 
NEW MUSIC just added to NXTSTYLE 100 ft. 
Watch it Here:

Roots Manuva added to this year's Farmfestival Somerset line-up 
Antrim Coast, NI 
When burnt pistons get a second life 
Our “Black Friday” sale ends tomorrow ! 30% OFF selected items from the AW/17 collection for limited time ONLY. 
Our “Black Friday” sale starts NOW ! Be sure to take advantage of 30% OFF selected items from the AW/17 collection. 
This record is 
THE PERILOUS NIGHT 
hey o see u thursday 
is this real life??? 
Watching Winky D live is an experience. His energy and stage presence 
 Rugare - 
New video just released for J. Roddy Walston & The Business' single "The Wanting"! 
Tonight is gonna be all kinds of 
Boi this is a heater 
Actually this whole 
IF YOURE IN PHX GO SEE MY DUDES 
Yooooo the good doc 
THE FIRE CONTINUES TO BURN - 
 LOW TICKET WARNING! 
 killed it last night 
Yesterday party with 
My remix of No Love by @volac_official coming soon.... 
VOLAC - No Love REMIXES EP
coming soon 
2morrow 
ResiDANCE party in Moscow was lit 
Tickets are flying for this one 
"Only bought this dress so you could take it off." OK 
Thank you Philly!
These are the 3 people left deciding the fate of the internet. We only have to convince ONE of them flip to a NO vote to save 
 & jesseroyal1 this week NorCal!! This tour is on 
Europe was 
 drop the 
This Miguel joint is so dope. 
Light recovery session 
Super namek now I make planets move 
Adopted gohan now that’s my lil dude
Send Town Talk your 
UPDATE — 
Just three days until 
MAKE. THIS. BREAK. THE. INTERNET. 
Very excited to announce 
Bought Fischerspooner's "Odyssey" CD at Tower Records in 2005 the day it came out-such a thrill to go full diva mode w them 12 years later
Weeerrrk it 
Steady Rockin’ 
 What a race!

damn, 
Amsterdam was 
Straight heat! 
LED Display Water Shower Thermometer  
DIY Electric Egg Roll Machine 
“No Switchin’ Sides” tonight 11:11 
Much love to my brother 
Nothin but them dope phrases from the yay on this record. 
Watch my new Video 
firee merch
Guess what my boy is getting for Christmas 
-TONIGHT-

-TOMORROW-

S/O to my bro's for dropping a fire EP!!! Make sure you tune in to that "Gnarly Orca" by 
My bros, 
NEW YAEJI OUT NOW 
Swipe right 
 Another gorgeous day. Blessing to you and your family on this beautiful Thursday.… 
 beats right now! With 
Orchid Nightclub 
Halloween @ 
We're thankful for our 
 December 1 
 Our new album is OUT NOW! Physical copies in stores now + digitally for Download & Streaming exclusively on iTunes. 
 tour 
LOVE & Respect to Florida for the Madd vibes this week! Last show in Savannah GA tomorrow night 
Up Next. 
Double Tiger on the move this weekend! Looking forward to seeing you all 
Looking forward to playing w our brothers this Saturday in Boston! 
Free hot chocolate outside the Lair!! Compliments of 
Join us for our annual LANDR Holiday Party! Free entry, good drinks and 
Video footage from our 
"Heaven & earth" 
Hope you've enjoyed our Ep10 fam 
Thank god for instagram live. Without 
 New single dropping today (prod 
One week until the official music video for 
It's littttttt 
We're very pleased to announce our latest event with our Contributor Skill4ltu, lasting for 3 whole weeks! 
From a 12 minute Babe I’m Gonna Leave You to Lead Belly covers, In The Light, Misty Mountain Hop and a thunderous Whole Lotta Love, 
For those of you who haven't seen it yet @primeparksessions is absolutely on 
Monday mood but you're still dreaming about last weekend?!?
Ohhhhh what a weekend?? 
 The 2 Grand Dig Hill 80 
After a very successful event at 
Thanksgiving Eve finna be FAR TOO LIT this year 
One week to go until 
\m/ 
Happy Birthday to the most badass rockstar amosshart of thekills! 
New bar at French Quarter Brasserie Shaw DC is 
Imagine if I was the kind of person who could write a normal review of a 
Escape the cold and pre Christmas mayhem and step into our house! 
Check out what we got up to 
Friday!! 
Friday 8th December we've got 
Not long until Omar S, Move D, 
***JUST ANNOUNCED*** Jan 6th '18 
FG x 
Some new FG too, listeeeennn 
 amazing line ups from 
FREESTYLE RAPS
We are rehearsing 
If you can't stand the heat of my vocal fry, get out of the kitchen. 
Black Friday camp out in front of Carter’s. Either 
COMING UP! | Secret Night Club 
Recap of two great shows in Finland & Estonia. 
The few leaves left on Locust are 
WITCH HUNT 
Now on 
SCENESSSSSSS 
In the group N of the 
In the Group M of the 
In yet another 'group of death' (gosh, there's so many awesome riffs in the world) we have 
Group K of the 
In the Group F of the 
The D group of the 
In the Group E of the 
In the C Group of the 
In the Group B of the 
Super stoked to be playing Paul in 
SURPRISE
Give me the herb and a pad and a pen and let me be I'm happy on my own with a spliff and a hip hop dvd 
That is absolutely disgusting from futsal legend Falcao. 
Mad skills! 
Talk about A E S T H E T I C S 
It's officially October! Bonfire and s'more sundae any one? 
With his 2nd goal today and the 5th of the season, Eden Hazard makes it 3-1 for Chelsea. He’s on fire 

From 
Loving what's going down in the Indian hip-hop scene. Managed to catch 
 all roads for 
today's 
Loving my pops!!!! 
Psyched to be hanging with the rvcaskate team in da islands!!! 
We out here raging w/ 
My pops!! 
Praying that tonight will be filled with Your presence!!! 
subtchicago warmup at the crib 
Yaaassssss 
Been waiting to ride this board for a minute 
My cousin 
Our Halloween was LIT 
It's raining 
Thankful for the brilliant people whose ideas have helped me think
 are fired up for 2018 and beyond! 
 track 'We Are Fire' has been added to our Emerging: The Hot List playlist 
Catch this 
Go on Giggsy lad!!!!!!
What a win and what a performance!!! 
Congrats to my guy 
 on fire 
Justin rose 
Ashley young! 
Check out a mix of my favorite products on 
The man the myth the legend.....fabiooooooooooooo 
Great response after the weekend! Lads were on fire! Go again sat. 
Lily king you the girl 
3rd QTR | 8:47

The first points of the quarter come from a THREE by Berger

The Owls' 50 first half points are the most for Temple in a half since dropping 51 in the second half against UConn on February 1, 2017.
End of 2nd QTR

T. Atkinson leading the Owls in points with 16 and E. Mayo leading in rebounds with 6!


Great result tonight! Congrats to 
 was
We've put together a mix of our favourite releases from this year including tracks from 
This game back in the days 
Grand Theft Auto: Vice City map 
So proud to have won Mid-Sized Consultancy of the Year at the 
That's a guaranteed medal for the girls 
Peanut butter hot chocolate is happening 
Look what we just got... The Common Wealth Games Match Schedule!! 
Only the 1s were able to get a result... and what a win it was. 9-0 to progress to the next round! 
Just under 2 weeks to go until the first World Class Players camps. Visit 
THE KEYL SKILLS WINNER IS... We'd like to announce that both Becka & Jaxon have won the 'Keyl Skills 3-Round Challenge'
Great result 
Check out my interview below with 
It's about to get LIT 
'It's the thing I enjoy most.'
ICYMI, 
Go Flames Go!!! 
Big pic as usual Paul 
Another banger from the boys! 
Michael Dapaah tells us how his life has change since Big Shaq went viral 
Love Friday mix is sounding sickkkk 
 Bottas though. Hesh  
Going Kraaaaaaaazzzyy!! 
Yooooooo!!  This weekend "Off the Field" Is Going To Be 
The incredible Grace Van Patten 
New England. New bikeshares. Same old guy coming up with the tweets...

Check our map for the fancy new 
Big shoutout to 
63' | 
Check out this highlight! Must watch , you won't regret it ! 
I cannot cope with 
I promise you this next album is for you. 
Relaxing at the pool with my 
When you send your clients a fire deliverable on Friday. 
Another wonder strike by the man 
Just been to watch the birthday boy and non league 
Wow! What an achievement from the boys! 
. Available tomorrow at RF19 in NYC.
Well... that happened didn’t it. Great spirit from the lads to never give up. Love late goals at the Loft end 
Wade and LeBron took Embiid to school 
Guess who with one check raised a fifth of our goal 
Great back shoulder throw by the young gun 
My friends at 
Her latest work on our Instagram is 
Right when I posted this on the GRAM, we got a $250 gift. TY to everyone who made the decision to invest in our girls. In an ideal world, we wouldn’t need to exist or ask for money. But that’s okay. The plans for the girls this year are 
Fasten up 
 Offers 
Don't miss out on the chance to see Carl Frampton's comeback! 
Grab a last minute chance to see Kasabian - great tickets at great prices! 
Tell us who would you be most excited to see live at Capital Jingle Bell Ball ! 
You could bag 2 tickets PLUS backstage passes to the 
 voice & the amazing 
Want to see 
2 weeks today till I light up York Hall
Now that’s rubber layin’ 
First up on 
The Rap Show's first EVER live 
It's all about Chicago's finest, 
 Hot stuff:

MTK Global pleased to announce the appointment of 
As well as 
the_piratee 
It's about to get LIT 
Things are heating up
WOW
It may have been pretty cold last night but that didn't stop the Blues! 
Check out these FAB behind the scenes snaps with 
MON WORLD, get yer tickets 
Tonight is the NIGHT! Last show of 2017 we're at London's beautiful 
 Grab our fave babe dress before it's gone...just £18 today only! 
BORN TO WIN 
Missed this year's 
BLACK FRIDAY DEALS 
 NEW Benro 
Not looking like there's chance of an upset at the Ricoh. 


That was some day of 
money over everything 
 OPENING TONIGHT 
Looking for some 
Looking forward to this tonight 
 Tonight at 
Congrats to our friends at 
December, coming in 
Use Me is officially the greatest Britney track not to have been released by Britney. Congrats, 
This weekend sees Soul Rebels return to 
Fringe! present Rapturous Ruptures | 4 April | 
Asian Drag King name:

Sir Racha 
 TIME TO TUN UP 
Cabaret star 
It's raining 
Out today! 
Hoping to see everyone wrapped up warm 
The dynamic duo 
 audiences are already turning out in their hundreds for 
Awesome working with these guys today 
Lady GaGa’s body is EVERYTHING 
Dami glamorizes the Red Carpet. Wearing 
 I've put this up before but I've recut it,now it's as hot as hell
RT if you want an 
Hamilton this Friday! 
Grime is back in 
Absolutely fantastic performance by 
Big thank you to 
Things are getting heated 
Tickets for Queens Of The Stone Age at Finsbury Park are NOW ON SALE! 
Andela is out of this world. 
feel like “redbone” definitely deserves to win a grammy 
Let’s get it on the countdown RT pls for UJU By 
Here's 
views count when you work with vue! 
 talking about developer communities in Uganda 
FULL TIME: Well, that was impressive! 

Our boys on 
Let me stand next to your 
New Video 
It's true no one can replace 
WOAH 
See 
Netflix or Chill? 
I told you so, pineapple skies,skywalker, this whole album straight
 Got me singing along to words I don't even understand. Caramelo Duro 
Imma set out a day to listen and appreciate 
Quick fire questions with Charlie Puth 
That conference championship feeling... Right 
I KNEW IT! 
 Brilliant Season & A Fitting Finale 
ANOTHER DAY!! new 
Guest appearance from 
 | When 
 | Yo! And just like that 
S/o to 
Very proud to be featured in the beautiful 
OUR VIDEOS BE TOO LIT!
My son Mason’s (
Party ain't a party until 
It's going to be 
The love for 
And the song is finally out loved the music video RT This lit track
First win of the Season and 3 points. Now for a good couple of away games before we come back home. 
My mum's really starting to get Internet lingo 
 ArjunKapoor in stunning easy breezy bottlegreen 
New England. New bikeshares. Same old guy coming up with the tweets...

Check our map for the fancy new 
15 hours from home and this song doesn't release to radio untill tomorrow but South Dakota is still singing back!!! I love you guys 
1 quarter away 
Happy Thanksgiving from the browns!!!! ....... even Charlie Brown 
Yea I'm a 90s baby 
Trending this week: 
Sean Estes is currently lighting it up from 3-point range 
Record breaking night for 
F I N A L 

Five players in double figures tonight
Damn I forgot all about this song 
Bundles of buckets, yabish. 
‘Teenage Fantasy’ is in the long list for 
 Official Video  ... here’s a peak .. Watch the rest NOW !
THE BEST PIRATE RADIO SET OF ALL TIME IS OUT TO BUY NOW! 
No better way to end the night than getting Black Friday merch in the mail...
Case is playing out of his mind! 
Marquette and 
MASS
THALA Ajith Fans Condition Right Now in Twitter 
As a part of Weekend SPL Tag and due to the THALA AJITH Fans huge Request for the Tag Celebrations 
Due to THALA AJITH Fans Huge Request,will have a Weekend SPL Tag Today at 8:15PM Sharply 
25YRS OF SAMRAT VIJAY

In his 25th year, 
“You have sex on the third date, fine. But if you bring up money on the third date, there may not be a fourth date.” - 
Oh hi, this is me tomorrow. 
ok I'm still listening 
Only a couple days away!! 
What a night fight fans! Thanks for getting 
New blog post: "The Cost Of JavaScript" 
 The brand-new Web Tooling Benchmark helps identify & fix 
Love your optimism 
Big love to 
How 
This bih finna be so hard 
Navy's Blue Angels-inspired uniforms 
Pressure ... Now on Spotify 
Mercedes baby video drop tomorrow 
500 Band Clique 
Bottled water is 
My Doggs 
This shit run 
Don't miss the amazing work 
Lil Yachty previews some new music. Sounding 
Nayborhood 
"Match made in heaven" 
Ahead of 
I WANT 
Legendary international Selector Mr. G takes to our decks & steps in to the mix for 
Wilfried's on fire
Catch up with your girl 
Our show with 
Now this app is lit 
Holy mother of god!!! The 
Yoooo austin that show was fucking crazy!!!!! 
Dropped some HEAT today! 
Boogie T & Squnto in Lincoln, NE and Springfield, MO!
Also got Mr. CARMACK LIVE hitting up KCMO and Lincoln, NE 
Who's ready for 
Mr FC and I are away for the weekend, as a last little getaway before there's even more chaos! There's a lovely lounge with a log burning stove; we will have one of these one day. There's something about real fire 
Throwback to last week's 
This Friday!! The legendary 
Ok so... we in motion, it's a Late Night Connection 
 IN THE PIT OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO 
MY MAN zachstroh MADE ME THESE CUSTOM tretorn levis KICKS 
Hoops SZN about to be lit 
Ballin' out 
 Yoooh Finale 
FULL RELEASE TODAY
Too illy 
Got my Rare SoCal ticket can’t wait to see my boy 
FUCK YEAH!!! GHOUL SQUAD GOING TO 
A new style of kamehameha?!!! Ultra Instinct Goku Vs Super Saiyan Kefla was EPIC 
Wicked tune / Wicked vid


Listen back for the next 30 days & full tracklist on BBC Radio IPlayer

>>> 


New belter from 
Oh yeah,tonight this is happening. My first ever 
Love Friday mix is sounding sickkkk 
Support has been crazy! Umaana available on 

ITUNES

Much love to 
Thank you for all your support so far! 
Good to see my bro 
Here's a snippet guys! 
Tonight midnight 
NEW MUSIC just added to NXTSTYLE 100 ft. 
 is jus 
25 Nov 2017 Pride Of Punjab Winter Ball is gona be 
ICYMI: NEW MUSIC added to NXTSTYLE 100 ft. 
On route to 
prepping some shelly annnnn riddims for my set at 
Tonight- Me and my sound brother running some Riddims before Bad Gyal brings the fuego 
back in may 
Tonight - it's free - there's free beverages - large up line up - do the math . 
Family in the building 
Yo 
Full schedule for today's takeover on 
TORY LANEZ KILT THIS FREESTYLE 
Tory Lanez Snapped 
Tory Lanez was not playing with y’all 
Was a lot of fun filming this with 
TOMORROW catch our party at our secret South London location where the lady herself 
45mins left on 
Just announced: 
PLS PLS NXT TYM SEND 
Np bro hits 
Stream 


My New Track 
I appreciate it you know its all about them good vibes 
Be prepare of My upcoming "new EP 

Stoked for next weekend! 3 shows, first one with the homies 
Really pumped for the show tonight at Red Carpet Nightclub in St. Cloud with 
 Frontface 
Follow our 'Brand New To Dummy' playlist on Spotify for fresh finds updated weekly 
OC! I'm coming back to 
A new favorite: Jazzpah - Red Dress by Hybrid Trap 
THIS THREAD IS 
Tomorrow night at 
2017 is a historic year for Polynesian Music Artists 
The story behind every track on 
Bruh. This dude is speaking nothing but the truth!!! He gets it 
TONIGHT
Pt 2 of 
 New single dropping today (prod 
  you killed this track bro 
En route to Nashville today, playing at The End with the legend @MadZach1 and homies 
Make sure you LOCK IN to 
JUST ANNOUNCED! 
Our all new festive afternoon tea, fashioned by 
Save 20% on gift vouchers! 
Settle in for the afternoon 
Ahhh this guy is on fire 
RT. 

fur real, this look is 
The new lounge in the Farmhouse 
Solid team performance today! 
Hot or cold? 
Not a tough decision 
Follow our golden rules 
RUNNING into the weekend like 
Tonight’s gonna be FIRE 
TONIGHT!!!! ... on 
Ooohhhhh WE comin’ for you TOMORROW!!!! 
 it's the next day and I'm still going crazy over your dinner at Ha last night! 
Creating the perfect 
Stepping into the season in 
. Available tomorrow at RF19 in NYC.
Eleanor Dickinson’s 
19 Goals in 6 games 
2018 
 You gotta teach me how to do that 
Proud to announce that my teammate 
ADE AFTERMOVIE: 
This is @Eluidkipchoge's record in marathons 
PLAY THAT ZOMBIE!!! 
Photo shoot was 
Our very own Gopher from Detroit, MI garners 
Super show from 
Another highlight was 
What happens in Vegas isn’t staying in Vegas...Your Gophers WON the tourney! Freshman 
Brighton bound for 
You can't slay a savage. 
Only TWO hoodies left in each of the following sizes: L, XL, XXL!!!

Then they're gone FOREVAAAA

Getcho grandma a Christmas gift 
This kid has game
4Q | Maria Jespersen is 
It's the Fire Driver 
Hype much? 
Sources tell me it’ll be Muta and 
can’t wait to smash 
This mouth-watering slow-cooked beef shin, scented with clove and allspice and sweet Mexican chillies, is a new special on the 
I pierced my ears
good morning everyone get up and be productive... or be lazy because that’s fun too
time to start listening to christmas music
FOLLOWING SPREE! TWEET ME PICS UNDER 
tour is about to be 
That's All Folks!
Which team will 
About to bring that fire 
Just like the album, this video is 
305 Live Son 
 HEADBANGERS!! 
SUB NOW 
KYRIE IRVING: THE ART OF BALL HANDLING 
NEW!! 
Best WR/TE core in the nation 
 Check It Out !!! 

We're still thinking about 
Toni's new single 
 And band REALLY know how to bring the artists Musuc to life!! Enjoyed y’all on the 
We not your average or typical.. 
 is on FIRE 2Nite! 
Big plans in the works! 
TOO FIRE 
Had to change my insta profile pic to Bruce lee...
T2 and Shady have arrived. 
Only two month until I am on the Magicbox stage 
LSTN / DANCE: "Tik Tok" by 
I'm on my NY shit.... 
Lets go......my son... 
Babe alert: 
The Louisiana heat never felt so good! 
It's lit 
Player spotlight: Bryanna Nagy
Shout out 
Bruh
Fire fire fire 
 flame
LocateEmilio - Check (Official Music Video) - YouTube

Y'all know what to do
 Grab the adidas Ultra Boost 4.0 'White' with black sole direct from 
First pod with 
That's a wrap on season 1 of 
miss 
That feeling when MORE 
Two new Adidas EQT Support 93/17 colorways on the way 
Tonight!
Circa Survive and Thrice with CHON and Balance and Composure at the Agora 
"It's almost Girls Gone Wild, for real, but Kortni style." (NSFW) 
Mondays just became the hottest day of the week 
It was so 
These are the 3 people left deciding the fate of the internet. We only have to convince ONE of them flip to a NO vote to save 
Me when they bring negative bullsh
Mayhem is one of top 5 on my list 
Dope set last night @ 


You can watch the 
I'll be droppin' some 
roofonthewit this weekend for that 
The fire still burns 
NYC, we coming! 
Deals, Deals, Deals
New jersey
THIS GEORGE MICHAEL DOC IS FLAMES IM SO INSPIRED 
Next Saturday, 12/9 
TONIGHT I’m bringing the homie 
Tonight we’re partying with 
Here’s our friend 
Defected Croatia crew...


Have you been playing 
The best comedy show in DC is back! 
 can’t wait to see you guys live and in the flesh. I know it’s gonna be 
On another level of incredibleness 
 ICU 
My Girl's Favourite Song.

Sir LSG feat. Ayanda Hiya - Fly Away


Tonight I also kick it off with 
 ft 
Just started putting together the 
 killed it at 
Yoooooo! My boy 
Last night, the LA Kings were on fire and so were the tweets 
The Season Finale of Roast Me was STACKED 
 thanks again cleankitchenuk 
cleankitchenuk 
Still buzzing over 
Hottest mixtape of the year dropping soon?!?
It’s a mawdness in our 
Excited for this collab where we are making the epic apple pies. Don’t you love the box! See ya… 
Rainbow glitter pavlovas 
GF & VEGAN falafels with beetroot hummus & crispy chickpeas for 
Never seen 
TRAINING PLANS START TODAY! Download a plan now: 
3 new openings you need to visit in London this week. 
Hit em with that left right 
Get it 
It's the last quarter-final of the competition... Who are you rooting for? 
Amazing training session with 
Kem and Amber.. A shitter version of Chuck and Blair, but I'm invested. 
 Gain Gain Gain 
Let’s get lit because Black Friday starts right now! 
Next Thursday!!! 
Last day of the Pop Up Shop with 
RDS CRAFT FAIR 2017 
I T S A L L A B O U T T H E R I N G S 
We are now onto our third week at the Dun Laoghaire Christmas Festival. So far it has been great, thank you to all of you who have come to visit. Make sure to pop in, we are situated in the red cabins along the pier front 
LAYERING 
E M M A  B O M B E R 
E V A  R I N G 
Styling Your Bomber with a touch of Silver 
Unbelievable game in the 
Hot off the press! 
Boom! A match made in heaven! 
12 Brand, Spankingly New Topic Vocabulary Packs Coming Soon!!
Extremely proud to be involved in this project with 
WIN! To celebrate the Nike 'Fire and Ice' collection at Intersport Elverys, we had Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain sign the new Nike Hypervenoms!

Click to enter on FB ➝ 
WIN! To celebrate the Nike 'Fire and Ice' collection at Intersport Elverys, we had 
I love Newtown fire brigade. 
Just a few of the fantastic homework posters produced by 2D and 2H in Social Studies! Experts on volcanoes now!! 
If you're running into full DC mailboxes, try a local office! You can find the #'s easily at 
Officially a 
IKE SLAMS. 
Ensemble is 
Cerulean is out now, happy to be part of this album from 
Tap change for this coooooooold Saturday evening: more 
Imagine if I was the kind of person who could write a normal review of a 
Harviestoun tap takeover at 
Any gamers in the house? Are you a multiple high score smasher? Come see what you can do on these puppies! 
If you're after some mallowy treats and festive fun we're popping up all over the place!
Come see us in London, Edinburgh, Birmingham, Leeds, Manchester, Sussex and Oxfordshire this winter 
Come and find a cosy corner to sup a beer in tonight, we’ve even got the heater on 
And we’re super exited to be able to share 
 BOYFRIEND performing at our 
After-School Bushcraft & Archery Sessions for young people aged 8+ on 16th, 23rd, 30th Jan & 6th Feb, 3:45pm-5:00pm. Sessions will alternate weekly between archery and Bushcraft activities. £24 for 4  weeks. 
Learn to be a firestarter! Come to a Fire Kit Day at Wildly Curious. Build your own kit to take home. See 
Come and join us 
Last night we had a blast! 
Did you Know All Beef Lamb Pork Chicken and even Fish cooked over the weekend will be from John Stone and our partners? Meat and Fire 
Tip-top ale and cider selection to start your week off right. We’ve got a fire lit to cosy up to, too! 
Our Facebook page was just launched
Thank you so much for making them look epic!! 
CAKESHOP IS SO PACKED NOW AND BURNING NOW WITH HOWIE LEE 
 will GuestMix w/ Mickey Pearce Tonight
featuring 
To get VIP membership 
Throw Back to the Fashion Icons of the 80's! 
FG x 
Some new FG too, listeeeennn 
 Situation Right Now At Our Menlyn Store..
The drum fiend in me had to post this! Cc: @samibehdrums is fire! 
 laying down some 
billy_monama's video 
Know someone who loves spice? 
As we gear up for Abantu, remember the ultimate 
We can’t wait To see see you all tomorrow night  
Yooo Congratz to 
played some football yesterday 
BACK IN STOCK! Lip Plumping Glosses are back and $5 each! Get 'em while you still can- they're a 
How's about you add Sands 
 Andy Bros' ArtemisiaEP 
 now on 
Remixes for my song 'Young Hearts' drop tomorrow on 
Oshawa was LIT last night 
If you haven’t already, check out the banging 70s inspired 
Im blessed to be surrounded with greatness, Durban let’s make it happen this Sunday 
My new single ‘About You’ feat. 
 NEW COMPILATION: Kitsuné Afterwork, Vol. 1 
Fire
Reply here with your most fire memes. 
 Fall clearance sale 
Ohhh yes Arizona. 
You guys always bring the heat 
 I heard Obvious on 
 just heard Obvious w/Cassie real dope track man!! Loved it, looking forward to hearing more from you on 
I'll just say it. Anything 
 Me Voy TROOKO remix
Thank you dreamers, that was absolutley sick 
Playing the closing set of day 2 mainstage dreamstateusa was absolutely amazing! Thank you 
Burial's Untrue was released 10 years ago today. 
Featured my new track Don't Stop in this weeks Fanfare! 
Heat!!! 
He said it!!! 
Heck yes it is. Albuquerque, NM on 1/16/18. 
Checkout the new Lifelink single off of their upcoming record. You can preorder their record below. 
Out tomorrow on Subculture! The 42nd Parallel 
My brand new single ‘Resurrected’ with 
Shout out to Liquid Todd for supporting Kue's "Girlfriend" on 
Moving on UP! 
Can't believe we've aired 42 episodes of OK KO so far! The best are yet to come! 
Thank you for the support! 
Sunny Saturday: 
Add 'Gonna Live My Life' to your Spotify playlists!! 
In Search of Self Evidence is the best, and I would argue first, melodic hardcore album since 2010. 
auckland nz tonight with 
FLOW!
Stage preview for Saturday night at 
Who's ready for new Mightyfools music? 
Lock in live now with 
The mini mix for 
One of the best mashup's forever 
Saints Never Surrender - Lost To Time 
Pure fire!! 
November in AZ
Madji’k "In & Out Of Love" out NOW! This Track is FIRE 
Salute to Benny and Green. This project 
My new one ‘Getcha’ it’s rocking the 
Saturday my first time 
Saturday was bangin’
Tonight it’s gonna be a good one
This is going to be on another level of dope 
Come through 
 laced 
My lil bro 
 is killing with RIGHT TIME 
DMX performs some of his classic hits with the 
DMX performs some of his classic hits with the SoulRebels in New Orleans 
DMX delivers an epic performance of 
DMX brings the 2003 energy back while performing with 
So i made a new EP with the homie 
FREE SHOW—Tonight!!! 
 Tema 
Toysoldiers
When boiz can't wait to sing and disturb with it tonight. 
Straight 
My next fav rapper am seeing he has de potentials of coming after man sark is 
Young champ with fire 
This Saturday. Alliance Francais. BAR Concert. Supporting the big bro 
Tonight make sure you tune into 
We On Now 
T O N I G H T 
 got 
Crazy Cousinz x Yxng Bane x Mr Eazi x Lily McKenzie - No Way [Music Vide... 
This is the best thing I’ve seen in a while!! Big up the 
 is the motive tomorrow the line up is 
Tune in to Club 919 tonight and you could stand the chance of winning this bottle of Virginia Black Whiskey tonight. Stay Fuego
Holy shmikes!!!! Whatta feeling !! 
Johnny Stone 
Dan Dan noodles is lit 
Some proper 
Troubling Leszno city tomorrow night with my tastethemusic family 
My main man, The Turntable beast 
Grand opening party tonight 
Powers 
S-Concert 
A snippet of last nights show 
You did very well 
This banga
Check it out 
 "WILD" by @mastergarzy X 
Heavyweight session with 
 - When's My Time 
 at Accra Sports Stadium 
Less than 200 tickets left! Not long to go 
Next dance with 
Bringing Big Shaq the heat on FIFA 
when your 
Best controller & camera settings going live today 
Senior Republican 
¡Hola! Enjoying the Vlog? We love getting to look back on the incredible experiences we get to have, especially when 
What a performance 
 Matchday 7 is out now! Some great matchups this week, lots of goals, last-minute drama in the 
MONGOLIAN HORSES ON 
If I used the word “Peng” or “Lit” in my vocabulary, I’m pretty sure that’s what tonight is gonna be 
 MATCHDAY 9 IS LIVE! 
Need a gift for that hostess with the mostest?! Pretty Reckless handmade wine candles are back! 
 NEW BONUS PODCAST! 
December is going to be an amazing month! New month, new happy possibilities! 
Perfect LBD alternative -- my brand new jumpsuit will definitely land you best dressed at your next holiday party! 
RT if you are excited to watch the trio Özil Alexis Lacazette tomorrow vs Swansea 
Dutch 
The trifecta is complete! 
 really vibin’ on all these beats! It’s a vibe I never felt before at that! 
The term “Black History” is so degrading, limiting, discrediting, irresponsible and racist. History is “his” story and I am him, the original man. How I change/impact the world is simply history 
How the kids learn about Christopher Columbus and NEVER LEARN ABOUT MANSA MUNSA?! 
I agree 
 "My Guy" is too wavy
3 points please 
We made the hot list! Thanks, 
Your Longhorns take the W, improving to 4-0 
Just how I dreamt it
 Through to the quarter finals! 
The defense is on 
 Fire arrow 
Last Night was 
 'Rude' ft 
ATTENTION 
Guess who with one check raised a fifth of our goal 
Girls 60-36 and Boys 90-38~UL Knights were on 
Everybody got that one 
Sunday Candy - Chance The Rapper 
All of the lights 
Squad is 
Nike is something special. Amazing night at 
Rise and shine, it’s GAMEDAY 
Game Day! There’s a 99% chance it will rain in McGuirk Arena tonight. 
I am speechless after that dance choreo for 
Nia is on 
ICYMI | Tyson Carter was on 
About last night.........
Fire UP Friday 
Fire Up! 
Ready to get this thing rollin with the best fan in college baseball 
Hot off the press
If you weren’t at 
 This man was on 
Tyson out here dropping 35 on them boys 
That was clean 
RETWEET if you'd like to see INK on 
Guys I’m proud of this one... got to interview 
Just announced!!


The ultimate '90s girl 
Gonna be a fun night here 
Go Flames 
Our good buddy 
 OCTOBER @ BIG LOUD 
Everybody winnin’ & that’s nice to see. 
California! The 
WC swim@back at it tonight- Wyatt Cronk with a FIRST place finish in the 100 Free 
Samuel Willstrop with a FIRST place finish in the 50 Free 
WC men take the top two spots in the 500 Free with Leo Luna in 1st and Steven Gillen in 2nd
Little Miss Nasty returns to The Viper Room on December 15! Special guests Gina and The Eastern Block! 
December 15, 2017! Save the date cause these shows kill it every time! 
WAKE UP IT'S GAME DAY
HOT TICKET ALERT
We r exactly 1 month from Tipoff at the Tournament of Champions Holiday Classic 
Racism is the only thing he's Fantastic 4(fantastic for), cause that's how he gets his rock off, he's orange. Sheesh 
Lonzo balled out once again 
 #2019 
 killin
Bol Bol put on a show in Chicago for the inaugural Jordan Brand 
That feeling
Joel Embiid
 scores 111 points in their Victory! This is a very talented program! 
Great win by 
Bajan! Our 10k 
Woodside bred progeny take 1st -Pachino Boy & 3rd - Tina turban in R5 
Mr. D's Dollar Sundays are 
Drop this 
Enjoying some 
We’ve won 8 of 9 and 18 of our last 24.

Your 1st place 
We've won...
5 straight games.
8 consecutive road games.
15 of our last 20.

Your 1st place 
 Holman with the pass AND the swing! 
Yes! Big Papi for 
Monday let's gooooooooooooooo 
Semi finals this morning vs our fellow Canadians here in Punta Cana! Let's goooo 
Anyone looking to spice up an event, let me know!  
Coming in HOT 
Bringing the 
Check out the new Aero Burner Composite bat. Super cool look but amazing performance.
Who ya got? 
What a great speech!! 
That High
The pregame intro narrated by Bob Stoops was 
Available at tomorrow's sale 
We got another big time performance from 
Tonight's Player of the Game is 
  Start December off right with a HOT Project 
You're on fire! 
Proud of the lads 
What a test match. 
Check out this dunk from 
*jaw drops* 
Habs on 
Dinosaurs meet the wild west in our latest High-Five interview on the BackerKit blog!
Can't wait to play in my adopted home state tomorrow in these 
That IronSpider suit is 
Gather round the bonfire, children. The nights are getting chilly… 
Come listen to me and 
WWE 2K18 NEWS: 
Fresh nailssss 
 is LIVE on 
I am accepting bookings for 2018! That includes wrestlemania week! I am licensed in Louisiana! Passport ready!! Shoot me an email kierahoganbusiness@yahoo.com   Make your show a little hotter next year with the girl on fire! 
Ending an unimaginable year of boxing with an 
2017 was 
Animoji Karaoke 
Fête de l’Escalade launch countdown 
Slow motion fire 
Come and get cosy with us this afternoon 
Well that was surreal! Amazing to see everyone in action tonight for 
Thanks for the Retweet 
That's it, the last lucky early bird got them! Full Price tix now on sale, looking forward to seeing you all in August 
 GIGS IN BRIGHTON! 
What an incredible way to end the week 
LIVERPOOL
 Excited and thankful to be apart of this dope ass project. 
 TONIGHT'S SHOWTIMES 
 Tomorrow NITE y'all 
 Returns This April 
Session 1 was LIT 
VISIT: 


I gotta see how her album is before I start placing her but as of right now Cardi B is going BRAZY!! 
Please check this shit out 
I’m obsessed with my rose gold 
Supreme Biggie... .Litty 
Have you picked up YOUR 
Calling all my Irish creatures! Don't forget to pick up a ticket for my show at the 
In 2002, Opening Ceremony created its first logo, a nod to the Olympics and its ethos of global exchange. Today, Torch is here
tickets for 
Not a bad way to mark a year working with 
Only a portion of the 
The whole family is in love with 
Absolutely brilliant tonight in Manchester 
DEBUT
Great record! 
Had such a good time singing on this awesome mixtape by 
NEXT WEEK 
@NeumannUSA always gets the job done 
coming soon on KnightVision / Warner Music! 
This Friday 
Soon!!! 
LONDON BABY! Playing 
 Head to Factory this weekend, and cut the queues with our GUESTLIST 
PHOTOS After teasing for weeks, 
! Let’s go!
Want to Flip The System? 
BOGOF OFFER
Who’s coming to our Tumble Class tonight? 
WILL BRIGGS' ON 
What a tune that is though 
 Hot off the press: “Sprudge - Issue #88” 
In the words of 
 Ready To Take Out Magomedov: ‘I’ve Got A Sneaky Move Up My Sleeve’ 
Check out Sema’s interview with 
“I WANNA GO FAST!” -Ricky Bobby 
 Don't miss our special Thurs. night guest: David Sparks!


Get ‘em while they’re 
Hey I’m playing a game called HQ Trivia. You should play too. Use my code ‘beler’ to sign up 
 really out here making fire, even the haters are conforming
I got it is out everywhere! Stream it on spotify and purchase it on iTunes. You won't regret it. I don't think it's possible 4 
That moment when you look in the mirror on a Saturday night and realise you look 
Come on now
 with another great verse 
Corleone Ft C Biz - Nothing To Something | Link Up TV
We may need to run (not walk) to your kitchen wingspanwellness because this stack looks 
All the fire and all the fun 
For the night! 
Listen back Meeks x 
In 7 days, the heat is turning ALL the way up! 
YES 
 X 
This is for real the best time for Gambians to show love and support to the next fellow, we ve supported enough from away. It's time for 
ALSO, tonight in 
This is actually decent! You got yourself a regular listener my guy 
You don't wanna miss this year's Soul Cypher! 
The whole album is 
A fire moment 
Some women fear the fire, some other women become it  
What are you going to write or draw with your sparklers?   Enjoy bonfire night this weekend.  
After a very successful event at 
Powering through the rest of the week. 
New Music Soon 
 South African EDM/House Record Label 
We been hard at work ladies and gents.. 
We got a cool track coming soon! 
New Release!! 
New Release Available 28.11.2017 
STAY AHEAD WITH THE LATEST IN TRENDING MUSIC! EpiDeMic House Music HAVE IT ALL. 
The STK Group
JV final 29-36 CCS.. Varsity up next 
Waiting on that 
Off to Manchester to film 
Competition time
Juicy J taps Cardi B for new song 
Dave East drops off new music “Soul Food” 
Fire 
Happy for Jordan and Tammy to get their first goals of the Prem season. Big thanks to the Swans fans coming all that way to support us 
What a way to hit 30k points! Wish I could have been there to see it but I'll be there for the 40k one 
Another home win and another goal..great team performance thanks to the fans for the support 
5 outta 5! Well done on the goals 
Check my bro out 
Great day for my first start in the 
NEW MIX OUT NOW
New mix dropping after the game. 
Ready for Rams tonight! 
LOCATION BY 
 new vid was 
Recent new rehab. They just don't make fireplaces like they used to. Restoring 
These two people are 
“This is the Attorney General of the United States. I understand you’re doing your job, but I’m doing mine too” 
new layout 
Next month my b day 
Josh Gordon back 
Dude today’s card is fire 
Last day in Trondheim 
Duo recreates BTS & EXO's MV with zero budget
Thanks 
We are so PUMPED to hit the road for the third leg of our SWEAT 2017 NORTH AMERICAN ALBUM RELEASE TOUR! 25 shows comin' right up! 
TWO DAYS 
Coming to forloop event today?
Coming with a friend?
Take 
Riz Ahmed just won for "The Night Of." Here's him spitting 
APP red zone show will be in our school tomorrow everyone wear red and white and be ready to get rowdy 
I fuck with 
IT'S ON! 
 these dancers are 
Can you say pumped beyond measure! At this time next week being a sponge soaking up the greatness from these incredible coaches!! SISTA FIRE!!! 
Smoke Brisket.  Not Drugs 
velaasa Bringing that 
G Wagon goals 
Get your best 'fits off with this IG ready checklist for holiday travel 
More from the 
NO. i dont watch WAGS, I watch 
SENIOR NIGHT tomorrow! Big games against WR Manhattan and Lawrence! Starting at 5! Rowdy Bunch see you there! 
 Long May We Reign 
Mob Squad was out today! 
Meanwhile in CoMo the Tigers are on 
The man's on 
Pick up your new bangers from 
It’s going down at DECADANCE tonight /w 
 and we fancy something SPICY, what would you load up on yours? 
 Want to win 31 days of Habbo Club? 
25 years ago today we released FIRE! , Our 4th single ... woooo ...happy fukin birthday to us ..
GIANT SQUIDDIM!! 
Beautiful burn 
4 Biggest flatspots ever after I got spun. We didn’t win but def were fastest car on square tyres. Imagine with 4 round ones in Bahrain..
What a night! 
Great to be back at 
My first full vegan dish im happy with. Burnt aubergine, oak fired Cornish mids, heritage tomato salsa roja, cumin walnut and pumpkin seed crumb. 
Need a poetry fix? The lovely 
Game. Of. The. Season. 
 Shame the season has just come to an end of these would defos have been purchased
What a way to end the season - Scottish Cup Champions!!! Happy Monday 
Another league title to add to the collection.. well done to 
Philippe Coutinho is incredible
It’s officially arctic outside and what better way to stay warm than with a 
Special message from 
On fire 
Open mic will be on fire 
HOT OFF THE PRESS! 
So proud of @KemeysVFX for working day & night on his passion project. It's so beautiful & so kemeys 
New photo of Candice from 
My good friend @KemeysVFX has produced this amazing short documentary about Wales' future UFC star 
WIN 2 ticks to see 
Hot off the heels of Web Summit, 
The red hot 
will be here when you are gone.
friday 
New ANTI collection is out now from 
Pure vibes every time 
Dec 5th Klang 
Nah 
GASSED
Get down da down down!! 
Woaaaaaaaah! 
Stupid late to the 
 FRIDAY FRESH MIX 
 HOUSE BASS GARAGE 
Right now 
 KISS FRESH PRESENTS 
 FRIDAY FRESH MIX! 
 your style is evolving 
All things house & bass with 
FINAL business!! 
Who is ready for some 
Mollie Collins smashed it last night!
In we go, hanging over to my G 
So so psyched to be joined by my extra talented mate 
Don’t forget you can catch this absolute don in the mix for me tonight @ 9PM GMT 
“We got like 10 4’s... you copy?!
I’ll use a BITCH in front of the round, I’m 
Oiii!!! This round is mad! 
Who's getting lit with us on DEC 23 
 I LOVE THIS MUSIC 
 FREE DL ALERT 
Need some fuel for the weekend? You can now DL our full Escape Halloween set for free here: 
 HAPPY WEEKEND 
 is dropping nothin but pure 
City Shawn dropped an EP called Work For It and this shit fucking Ryu hadouken fire worth my niggas 
PLAYLIST UPDATE: ‘Gene Dunlap - Party in Me’ - bit of a throwback for this week’s track. Straight disco fire 
Taylor Swift killing it with her performance and brought out Ed Sheeran during 'End Game'. 
Money shot! 
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% off SITE WIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
 listen to my b2b set with 
 always brings the 
 we just some millionaires that crawled out the mud we gone inspire y’all on 12.8.17 I
new track out !! 
new pack out on 
happy release day! 
NEW Exclusive Arrivals 
Dropping on my YouTube channel at 7pm 
Link n bio 
Chubby don in full affect 
Shit is fucking 
call it ignorant, but this gummo by 6ix9ine is straight 
Grand Rapids tonight! Playing at Intersection 
Can't wait to play  
NEW FIRE
Sheffield seems to be on 
Navigator's
MILTON KEYNES TONIGHT w/ 
Do remember and don't forget catch 
15 DECEMBER 2017. 

Finally got some 
The Playaz Arena at run went off last night 
 absolutely murdered this new mix 
ADE 2017 Recap 
Somebody get this guy a mint 
It’s going down at the DC Eagle TONIGHT with 
Almost time to get litbird with bitbird!
“Do You Still Feel” by 
Quite a spectacular way to celebrate 
 hype in full effect! Set time is 2-3AM - F&D with 
Hello Twitter its been a while

We have been so busy

Catch our next two events Curse of the Castle & One Big Nye 
 x Wknd Warrior  x 
Brand new music out now on 
Always fun to dig through old project files and apply some new tricks. Added 
Go check out this 
Looks like a lot of my sets just going to be playing a lot of 
TONIGHT! 

BIGGEST

PARTY

NIGHT

OF 

THE 

YEAR! 

Calls for the biggest tweet... join me and 
YESS! Check out this lineup! 
I want some Say Hi in my life
I'm picky with remixes but this 
SAY HI STILL ROCKING THAT 
Chatted it up with 
Me 
Whoooop 
Finally going to see 
YES YOU BLOODCLAUT!!!!

Yes yes YES! 
Really feeling this from 
In all seriousness tho he drop a mixtape recently & its 
Just managed to check 
 bit behind but your headz ep is something else mate. Out of luck is ridiculous 
Don't wanna be moody..... But my gosh 
 has just dropped his bday bash line up 
it's out! retweet to spread the fire 
TRAIL MIX 2!!!!!
bout to b charLIT in North Carolina tonight 
Madden 
GIVEAWAYS!!! 
Here it comes 
Number 78 new entry 
3 Tracks Top100 
Have you already 
Exclusive preview of SUAVEMENTE on Pre-Order 
BRAND NEW VIDEO ‘SKRAPZ FT. CHIP - HIGH SPEC’ OUT NOW!!! 
Hurricane and on 
 57 on 
this is their firth half of a game  playing together and their chemistry is already 
Oh shit do I miss this fireeeeee 
My desk at work stays rowdy when lisneing to 
thank you. 
While the track is still going strong, the official video for "Brave Love" premieres today on EDMBoutique 
Check it out NOW 
Early supported by 
Great EP guys! 
This whole ep is fire 
Here it is! "Brave Love" with 
DROPPING BOMBS 
Coming Thursday the guestmix is going to be LIT since 
With this awesome line-up Spinnin' Sessions at TDME 2017 can't be anything else than LIT 
ADE 2017 
Dropping our new collab with Green Velvet "Take Your Time" - 
  2018 will belong to this band 
Last release of the year coming out SOON! 
FK A GENRE SAN DIEGO tn with hellllaaa homies
We’re bowled over by all the lovely and beautiful souls who came to see us in Aberdeen, Inverness and Dundee. It might be cold up there but we felt nothing but warmth. 
t’s almost payday which means PARTY time!

SCENESSSSSSS 
Truly epic 
Whoosh 
Ncfc Goals today came courtesy off POM Chelsea Garrett with a hat trick
so ready for the next 
 Our new album BLAZE is out now 
Not many world leaders could pull this off. But... Wow 
Retweet this so 
I'm dropping my new EP: XXlll (23) on March 3rd!! It features: The Galaxy, Moksi, Cesqeaux, Yung Felix, FS Green k Yellow Claw 
When donjohn22 drops that 
it's here!! You can get your 
We are feeling this 
KILLER!!! new one from Jay Glass Dubs; Deluxe silver 2LP now shipping...
Latifah is on fire!
 what a performance last night!!! 
youngsta 
 your performance last night @ 
 !!! 
Lookin' for a smooth way to kick-off this long weekend?

Tune in right now to the 
Retweet if you follow back 
Follow everyone that RTs 

For 500+ More followers
 what a turn up! 
You Stay Inspiring me! One Day I will have a gig guide like this 
Summer wave by 
Please RT! South African Songs In Real Life 
People been sleeping on Heavy hitter. 
Ok, HAS ANYBODY TAKEN THIS ALBUM IN?? 
Ooohhh man what a way to kick off the festive season 
I am so glad to be wrong. 

COME ON ARSENAL 


But this Tshwara song bafethu
 Music video is
We've made sure that our crews are on standby today for Harry and Meghan's visit as apparently they're set to be the hottest couple in town! 
Hoss, did you hear? New 
Ndagga / Basic Channel / Rhythm & Sound's Mark Ernestus is joining us this weekend in London... A very special guest, we can't wait.... 
New Evidence joint is stupid! 
50% jack j 100% 
NEWS ALERT... 
Absolutely outrageous line-up to mark our 
We promised to see you again and we meant it, 
He came. He ran. (Swam, biked). He conquered. Lionel Sanders placed 2nd at 
 ...You bodied this track! Good work.
You already know why we're here! At least you should. This is our biggest issue yet full of fresh features! Cover girl 
 been doing that since we was in high school. It's only the beginning 
Yo! Excited to be at 
6’8” Jr. 
T-minus 45 minutes until 
Our second years 
The Sony Movie Channel has us longing for Christmas movies by the fireside with their new advert featuring 
 | His strike put us on our way to victory and it seemed like he was everywhere today... 

Gylfi gets your vote as MotM! 
Where’s the link to this set ?  And my flow sweet like ribs blud I don’t tell fibz ay 
This week got us like...
A Cha Cha/ Tango Fusion that’s hot to touch! 
My man Dolberg getting it done today! 
21 Savage, Offset, & Metro Boomin are dropping their surprise album "Without Warning" at midnight 
The turn and pass from Wilshere 
MIZ BABYYYYY
TOWN HEAD - great win for the bannisters. 
100 career winners for 
Our reporter Yasmine braves the flames for your pleasure!
Now online go check it ! 
Its on !!! 
Only 1 hour to go for 25% OFF
2 hours left to get 25% OFF
3 hours left to get 25% OFF
4 hours left to get 25% OFF
Just 6 hours left to get 25% OFF EVERYTHING at 
 It’s 
Lets keep it 
25% OFF EVERYTHING
25% OFF TODAY
  25% OFF TODAY  
 saying we need to all take three months off for the America’s Cup and invite all our mates to NZ! That’s why he’s the visionary 
  25% OFF Tomorrow 9am  
 Pre-order details for our new home kit 
Fair play, 
Radcliffe takeaway Grilled Hotspot named as one of the best in British 
EPIC MATCH! New highlights: Maze vs Robinot! Enjoy! 
Incredible highlights between Timo Boll and Kenta in tonight's Champions League battle! 
LIVE: Huge FINAL! 
Xu Xin goes around the net against Harimoto! 
This video is going viral! The speed of 14 year old wonderkid Harimoto is phenomenal! 
The intense fight to be one of the top 4 boys at 
New Zealand starter plays 
Good day at the office 
Scorched! 
Credit to the boys last night digging in with another last minute result up in Leeds. Big 3 points away from Home. Character faultless, we’re warming up nicely 
It’s Litty Again 
Keep the weekend 
AND ONE. 


COUNT IT. 


Find out who wins the Firehouse Cooking Challenge coming up on 
Two weeks of filming complete and I can see it coming together. This movie is going to be 
We're back on top! 
Yesterday we won a battle! Eyes on the next enemies 
More than 37 million fire extinguishers are being recalled because they might not work in an emergency. 
Be extra mindful 
Bench mob is straight 
BIG shouts out to the homie Rob Bingham over at 
Check out psanity for that 
Tusk: "I realise that this is hard for some UK politicians to understand, but such is the logic behind the fact that Ireland is an EU member, while the UK is leaving. This is why the key to the UK’s future lies in some ways in Dublin." 
TELKOM KNOCKOUT CHAMPION 
Pure beauty demonstrated by the sexy 
Charlie Daniels take a bow
Great practice session last night with quality company 
"The words we speak are inherently political" 

NB - 
Best 
Don't. Get. Tired. 
Get ready. Read 
Join TEDxWilmington on November 28th and December 21st 
JavaScript's dynamic import() is shipping in Chrome! Lazy-load ES modules when a user needs them 
Next up- 
Friends of poetry and beauty, please take note! This book is 
JUST ADDED to 
 -- The 
A great way to start the day amid the current shitshow is to send 
'We can do whatever we set our minds to do, we all know it, but we forget' 
Last day of honeymoon. Took the 1.5 hour ride to 
The appetite Dabrye 
Aye 
Welcoming Teachers from all around 
REMIXED ///
Yeah those UB are 
Colorblocking is 
I found 
Here is an important element that could greatly assist to fire 
 Most L1 wins by 3+ goals (17/18):
5
 Most League One goals (fr. 12/13*):
71
"It's Britney bitch!" Bringing back beards for chicks ! 
Always on 
Fact: you can tell how 
The gear from 
There are no weekends when you want to be the best! 
Had the best weekend with my girl! 
great time judging 
 named to the Aldine Isd all tournament team . avg 25ppg through 5 games.  
Amateur 
GOALS FOR WWII:
Join 
Cyber Monday deal!!! Venmo me a dollar for exclusive tweets and musings! 
Gary Harris full 360 layup 
Two nights. Two amazing games. 
Emma from Helensburgh CC smashing the sweep shot yesterday at the Glasgow Girls Session! 
New in Killeen: Costa Caribe, a Puerto Rican seafood restaurant
QUARTER FINAL// We have confirmation that we will be facing 
 Yankees win... THIS TEAM 
 NEW ERA OF UCLA FOOTBALL 
Whipped up some Chicken Katsu w/ Mac Salad, white rice & some homemade Katsu sauce! 
They’re at it again 
He's a baaaad man 
 League Moments drop!! You can now find Sapphire 
 should be your new wallpaper 
Go Check out that 
Q3 | Y'all Cierra Walker is on 
Mangakahia is on 
12-2 run for the Orange over the last 1:43 
The Irish were 
CLIMB THAT LADDER, JEREMY! 

Hollowell currently has 15 points 


Be sure to check out Kirby Smart All-Access this fall.
My Peach Cobbler drink Mix is 
Good things come in waves 
Hollywood Nupes 
gonna be 
Los Angeles lets do this 
 REMIX with @NSGNSGMUSIC out tomorrow 
“Wide Open” 
When u a sneaker head and Marvel/DC head! No reason just think it's HARD!
Wow. 7-out save for Wade 
 - take a look behind the scenes of the 
 new album dropped and I can't go past the first song because it's on repeat 
But this 
First up on 
The Rap Show's first EVER live 
It's all about Chicago's finest, 
This isn’t a music video, it’s a whole ass movie masterpiece packed into 7 minutes. 
I just had the best night of my life 
It's disrespectful that I'm not in the NFL right now , but I just bottle it all in for my next opportunity. 
This shit run 
Let 
Catch ups with this hottie 
 felt this one bro 
TrueStoryGee on Spinrilla. 
Big bro got some New 
 and Royal Family were so lit last Friday in London 
Just got home from 
The style ain't free fam! 
It's lit 
My thoughts on the Albums released tonight:

Big Boi: 
Want to know what's 
New leak off 
Errywhere I go the rod with me cos niggas actin too fishy 
The Essential Phone + 360 camera is $399 for the next 4 hours 
“No Switchin’ Sides” tonight 11:11 
What a night fight fans! Thanks for getting 
Can finally show you what 
We'd love you to have a listen and leave a review for our new Scale Up podcast. Get it on iTunes here 
have a look at stunning model 
naila photographed by _marchayden 
 if I had 
The sexy new 
When your workout lit 
Everybody go check out my 
Me when they bring negative bullsh
Snow day shit..... 
Guided by the fires 
Into the dust we go
The 10 best sneaker photos we dug up on Instagram for this week’s 
You can listen to the latest track from 
maddd 
Our stunning @claydon_mia in our Back of the net bikini now half price add monroe50 at checkout 
.@ashton_gohil owned the 
Loving this. New vid from 
20 MILLION STREAMS ARE YOU SERIOUS 
Yehhhhh 
MY GIRL LOOKING 
NEW 
Also as we arrived 20 mins before showtime, and found a vibeless, half empty room, it felt like last night coulda been wrong place wrong time wrong f-ckin world....but oh so wrong we were....
Ukraine on 
putting the 
NEW VIDEO IS TRENDING ON 
blud i need a feature from 
Artist to watch! Sister is 
Use Me is officially the greatest Britney track not to have been released by Britney. Congrats, 
T O N I G H T 
Royal blues making their 2017 debut on Sunday
This week's item of the game? 

Our 
Fire Up! 
That’s what I’m talking about.  Sent our seniors out of Kelly Shorts the only way we know how. Great win in the last game of the year 
Landry on 
WAKE UP IT'S GAME DAY
HOT TICKET ALERT
New Year. 
New Logo. 
New Threads.

Sheeeesshhhh 
my boy 
Demonettes take the floor tonight at 6pm against Westside. Last game Jordan had 29 points, 5 steals, and 6 assists. 
Mood tonight 
He has done it again...

 Returns This April 
Breaking News  from Bear Nation ! UPIKE has just picked up a big commitment from one of the top QB's in the state Georgia Jacob "The Magic Man" Brumby from Pickens County!!@UPIKEFOOTBALL 
Dazon Ingram was on 
The Opening 
Check out SENIOR REGULAR SEASON!! by Montarius Sturn on 
Warm, Hot, En Fuego
FLAMES WIN! 
The first 
FLAMES WIN
 named to the Aldine Isd all tournament team . avg 25ppg through 5 games.  
Tooooooo nice!!!! 
Dreher straight 
 tonight 12 midnight
Cuh 
Towson's Mike Morsell called championship 
The Liberty Natatorium pool was filled today with almost 700,000 gallons of water! 
Your 
Talk about beautiful day in the neighborhood!! 
Super excited to announce my verbal commitment to swim at Liberty University! Can't wait 
Back to work ! 
The K9 Crew 
The 2018 
En route to football... Buzzing to be one of the first to sit in the 
repost from tc222_fanpage Race Day Today ! 
repost from @racr_official These RACR• metal limited edition cards come with the TC nr.1 caps! 
It was a brilliant interview, Ria! 
This looks like loads of massive beetle bugs. I'm very much into this idea. 
What do you know about machine learning? We'll have an interactive machine learning game to demo at 
Are you ready to be beautifully bedazzled at tomorrow’s 
Cumbia // Latin // Tropical Bass // Gypsy // Balkan Brass // Tropical Funk // High life // Disco // Bassline // Garage // Jungle 
Look at this beautiful 
TONIGHT! DJs 
Looking forward to being back behind the decks at 
 Unreal 
We will be streaming our unplugged 
My debut album TROUBLE is finally here 
We're Supporting our good mates 
Last Bonus show of the year on Wednesday at 
Parte del trabajo realizado en PR junto a 
Little teaser
Who says DJs don't dance? 
Lock in live now with 
The mini mix for 
THE TAX BILL: By 2027, families making under $50,000 would pay a combined $5.3 billion MORE in taxes, while millionaires would get a $5.8 billion CUT. They’re literally pickpocketing the poor to help the rich! 

Call your senator before it’s too late! 
Do YOU live in any of these states? YOUR CALL CAN SAVE US!! This is your chance to be a hero! 
Jaw dropping catch by Robby Anderson. Just too good. First TD catch of the game, but fifth game in a row Robby's had a TD catch. 
2-0 vs 
GAME DAY. Playing FaZe in a bo5 for the trophy today, make sure to tune in!

2-1 vs SK-Gaming. One more to go! Lets do this
SEMIS 
16-11 vs 
15 kills for 
Y'all go check out my homie 
Wadi's Mewtwo is 
[CSGO] 
The food was 
Rafa en fuego 
Doing a GIVE AWAY 8 WINNERS!!! 

Stay warm during 
And she’s only just getting started 
Relive the 2017 
!Sweet monitor deal $199 for an LG 34" Ultrawide 2560*1080 
New Video - RT! This is what my Ultimate 4K Setup looks like with the 
Went to this spot called “carnivores” food was flame 
Some like it hot— how 'bout you?

Bonus if you can name these spicy snacks 
last night was littttt 
Blazers cup was lit ! S/o 
 i can’t wait to see you again. It’s always a movieeee
Great game for the Brodie 
Ayyy this is lit 
Shit is SOOOOOOOO FIREEEEEEEE 
When u & your friends finally link up
 Yeah we did! 
New heat from 
 the below clip to get an exclusive message from 
New lyric video from 
Happy Bday 
Hot damn! 
! Let’s go!
Congratulations goes out to 
West coast
Tomorrow 
On the way back to LA soon. Vacation over back to work. I’m gonna give y’all some 
 Griffin is the best player in the country 
Kid is a Straight Beast 
Tonight’s gonna be FIRE 
Congrats boys 
 Trailer 
My brother!! RT 
Made some new additions to my collection today. 
I’ve been traveling for months and now it’s finally almost over. Can’t wait to get back in my studio to give y’all new flames 
The night before Thanksgiving... one of my favorite nights of the year...
Digital Art by confuseart ...
Have you heard 
Dam 
BTW...  heard some new black thought while in Philly Thursday and again I say TOP 2 DOA....  
Happy G Day to 
Listening to TOO BRUTAL by 
FYI this 
 the video "Rap Niggas" in 
Lady GaGa’s body is EVERYTHING 
YA KIDDING !!! THAT WAS ONE FOR THE BOOKS
yo 
Check it out Artists
Listening to my blood 
My man 
Getting Ready 
me and 
Listen to Still Here ( Prod. Cashmere Brown ) by Tim Stacks 
 show on the 15th 
Listen to No Promises Remix by Tim Stacks 
Our boys 
Waiting on it to drop 
Thank you for keep dropping those 
 Bro you spazzed on production for this ZTM 
Im tuned into 
Ayo & Teo - Better Off Alone music video dropping soon 
This deadass my favorite song 
Side note that New ChellaH  produced by Zaytoven “Look At Me” 
TRAIL MIX 2!!!!!
Madden 
Officially released date from 
who's ready for some more new music 
Remix Way 
Studio Vibes from the other night with 
Jeff “I
 - movement prod by heztheproducer on 
New House & EDM Loops On 
Y’all ready for the house EDM Loops on 
Y’all ready for the house EDM Loops? Thanks to 
To think I was 13 when I first heard lowkeys fire in the Booth. 7 years laters and he smashed it again. Ligit murdered the Alphabets 
Same!! Tuned in and waiting!! 
LOWKEY - Fire in the Booth 2


Our Pastrami Western Burger Is Too 
The Art and Soul Festival | 11.11 | 7pm 
I regret slandering simple beats some of them be going iin
Morning escape. 
 was strong last week with 
Summer may be over, but the carnival still continues, as 
The story behind every track on 
MON WORLD, get yer tickets 
PLS PLS NXT TYM SEND 
This weekend sees Soul Rebels return to 
The Afterglow dub that 
Mad respect for heads like 
DNB Art Form going off in Nottingham.......


Just seen 
Good thing 
 So 
Get out there and sweat with 
Welcome back for meat anytime 
Lovely to see you both 
It’s beautiful Tom, the chefs have made some really tasty stuff 
Thank you to everyone who came and supported my Birthday Bash last night! What a night it was 
 has just dropped his bday bash line up 
 birthday bash is going to be a madness next year!!!!

Team Drumz & 
 this guy just spits fire 
Oh yeah,tonight this is happening. My first ever 
Dreps's Birthday Bash at Fire 
Here... Have an up close and personal shot of this Hummus and Falafel Pita with mushrooms and 
It was a vibeeee. Big up the dons dem 
My first official EP ‘G3T OUT’ hosted by 
 when is the EP out ?? Can’t wait to hear this g
This. Party. Was. Amazing. 
 party 
Dropping our new collab with Green Velvet "Take Your Time" - 
We’re officially sold out
My boy 
New music coming next week... me and 
GROUNDBREAKING! 
This one goes Hard 
10 Million Views!

Been shooting for Hardy since 2015 and the progression has been phenomenal.. 2018 is gonna a great year for him


Her stylist deserves an award. She still looks her age but badass
HOT HOT HOT 
Continuing on the fitness theme, trying to learn this bad boy ready for the launch this weekend. 
Coming soon 
FRIDAY 
 LINE UP ANNOUNCED FOR THE  
Show your support for the 
We are about to takeover differently 
Best halloween ever ♡ 
Shot a flippin MOVIE today!
Brand New
Streetwear for the MASSES 
LOS ANGELES COME HANG TOMORROW 
This is how you write a resignation letter. 

"I am not with Trump. I hereby resign this once great company."


 NEW 
Another heater from the tag team champions 
D Dark - Frontline Music Video Out Now on 
Nothing beats a Sunday 
Caught her slippin taycericketts_x 
 Yoooh Finale 
YOU’RE GOIN’ DOWN
ohhh bitch 
Brand new 
Nah this 
Ms Banks rode TF outa this beat 
Boys are on fire 
My guy 
Derby 
tomorrow night 
F*ck the dailymail 
Headlining 
RIGHT ABOUT NOW ITS ALL ABOUT 
 BLUE bangs!!! Got that shit on repeat 
Homie 
Vibes on vibes on vibes 
One of UK's treasures 
 Aka The skeng man MC Aka one of birmingham finest. Has just drop a new video.... 
Fire as always 
The guy that made you fall in love with football. 
“Boss” drops Monday. Prod by 
How do i get this instrumental bro? Im tryna spit some flames
JOGA TV used to be incredible! 
A Lau x 
Pepineros 'on fire' 
 You can pre-order 
I did a mix for 
Just announced: 
Playing at a certain club in Paisley below an Indian restaurant next Friday 
 TIME TO TUN UP 
TOMORROW catch our party at our secret South London location where the lady herself 
Yo this one's gonna leng down the dances left right and centre 
So upset I can’t make it to 
 are killlling the Dj set right now 
This FRIDAY with

Our boy 
Yeah last night was very sick. South London excursions 
Can't wait for this, who's up for a 
Looking forward to House Of Silk Bonfire 
Vocals Nicolette 
I’m obsessed with this 
Manga Saint Hilare
Fire In The Booth Part 1 
Black Friday sale ends today ALL MUSIC 1/2 PRICE 
Oh yeah , new music tomorrow via 
New track went live over the weekend on 
Latest 
Having a sneaky listen to the new 
Brand new fire courtesy Hutchinson 
Only 3 weeks left before we head to 
This Ones Going Off!!! Myself & 
Air max on my feet, obviously 
This is gonna be a banger
This guy man I swear... too many bangers 
Get it NOW!--> 
OUT NOW!


Big time winners: 
Powerfully cinematic sound design courtesy of 
Stoked to have the don Bluejay the MC hosting for us next Sat 2nd Dec at Take5cafe alongside 
Wicked promo mix from 
Straight out of Berry's Room, listen to 
 X 
S/O 
 we have another one 
These remixes are pure 
CHAMBEA OFFICIAL VIDEO WITH THE NATURE BOY!!! WOOOOO!
Bob slayer 
This slidin
MAJOR shout out to my brothers 
always cutting up 
Cardiff we are coming back for you! Last Tuesday 
I have a feeling that next 
Check out and support some sick new music from my old buddy 
Dj nastyyyyyyyy 
 or 
A monkey is (slowly) coming back from Burning Man 
Burning Man : Here we go again 
 been hollering real shit 
YoungMarT2F - Wanted More (Prod By. 
We’re live with the Jamz squad & 
YoungMarT2F - Struggle Life (Official Music Video) 
SOMEBODY CALL 911 ON 
LET'S GOOO MIAMI!!!! LETS GO CANES LETS GO CANES!!! Canes fans, tune into 
 hang over mix 
Tuned in. 
My mind is set on all these new projects I'm starting after work with some of my favorite jersey club producers 
This new 
New music alert 
Finally you can check out 
DON & HEX return with a PACKED show filled with exclusives like NOTHING NEW by DROPGUN Ft. KALEENA ZANDERS! 
yooo my boy 
tickets for 
My boy dropped them visuals to that banger! 
ONE WEEK AWAY from 
 NEW MUSIC FRIDAY!
TOMORROW! 
skrrrt
Rewind!!!
Check Out "Off Top"  On My New Tape Link In Bio 
 Ezrakh ft. 
Our first tune of the night is....
NANA - 
Tune in TONIGHT!!! 7pm-9pm for latest dancehall jugglin 
In just 1 magic hour its getting turnt on 
LONDON!!! O2 INDIGO,  DEC 17TH... SIMBA WITH THE BAND...!!!!! 
DUDE!!!
RIGHT NOW!!! 
Congrats!! 
Now those are three hot dogs. 
NO. i dont watch WAGS, I watch 
Hi-ho. Hi-ho. Off to do 
 Cash pairs are traded on 
CYBER MONDAY SALE AY
- 20% off ERRTHANG
- 30% off packs on the back
- Free US shipping over $100 
- $20 for annnnyyy T-shirt

These medals are 
La Plata Hype Night! Thanks 
Let's get 'Che Che' to a million YouTube hits! Mayorkun on a different waveeeee.. 
Rey is about to fuck everyone up
We're so excited for our 
PLEASEEEEEEE RT!!!!!
Preview of climate change in the Arctic today, with temperatures 5.3°C (9.5°F) warmer than normal, and up to 20°C (36°F) warmer than normal in Greenland.

Dubai 7’s champions 2017! Great start to the season, 
Our resident angling guru 
So so so proud of 
Thanks so much 
Luke Shuey with an over from the sideline!! Wow 
Wingard with a beauty 
Is Conor McManus human? 
 6 days to go! 
Myles had the fire on upstairs today... all 65” of it 
Luke james is crazy talented. 
This was 
50” UPDATE
Carnacon 0-14
Mourneabbey 1-08

A superb GOAL from Mourneabbey skipper Brid O’Sullivan has set this game alight. Drive from midfield, one-two, BOOM 
 Grab our fave babe dress before it's gone...just £18 today only! 
Flashback to 
Still trying to get over 
Ending an unimaginable year of boxing with an 
Better watchout for Mr. White and the candlestick! 
A new style of kamehameha?!!! Ultra Instinct Goku Vs Super Saiyan Kefla was EPIC 
The Harlem Globetrotters made a shot from our catwalk look easy. 
  in our 
Need gift ideas? Grab a bottle of Fat Tire Hot Sauce as the perfect stocking stuffer for the spiciest person in your friend group. Buy here: 
Come see us in the taproom Friday at noon for the can release of our 
 Current Mousetrap To-Go Beer List 
We hear ya. 
Strange for a venue that had such a high ceiling it was roasting in there. It’s me. I’m hot baby 
The heat is on 
If you're running into full DC mailboxes, try a local office! You can find the #'s easily at 
Oh my goodness how hot is 
ayo i jus updated my playlist give it a follow
Can't cool this guy down 
Yet another reason why 
'd up the todo list today, now I have plenty of time to talk to anyone who needs help with staff augmentation or a new software project! Hit me up if you want to chat about working with our awesome team!


Unlock this 
 Async + Await makes orchestrating timers a snap!
I want this 
Seems there is no way of stopping “The Magnificent 
 Workflow alert! 
 Set your colors in 
New blog post: "The Cost Of JavaScript" 
"I wish I had the courage to talk to Emily Janiga in the class I have with her. Absolute SMOKE 
Wow, GTA 5 is Lit! 
Freestyle Friday
Albus Dumbledore said
It is our choices, Harry, that show what we truly are, far more than our abilities.

 You know how 
 Announcing Learn Node!

Learn to build web applications with Node.js, Express, MongoDB and friends. → 
 Multiple caret trick in VS Code/Sublime/Atom. Did this neat trick in my React course that everyone asks about - enjoy!
As a former sports teacher converted web developer, I agree so much with all that is being said on the last episode of 
 The brand-new Web Tooling Benchmark helps identify & fix 
Great poachers finish from Johnny Russell 
Help the 
 The next version of VS code will automatically add your import statements as you use functions from your project
Forbes uses Workbox for caching their front-end assets on Forbes Poland: 
I can finally show the full 
7 strategies for getting 
How Much Text Should I Use In My Video? 
5 Secret Tips From 
Check out this overview of the most recent updates: Interface Updates, New Features, and New Name
Habs on 
Kevin De Bruyne was so good today, Paul Merson clapped him off on Soccer Saturday!
On July 1 @ 4:30 there will be a silent parade from Casa das Beiras to Earlscourt Park for the victims of the 
Bruno Mars :: Marlay Park, Dublin :: July 12th 2018

Pie a Teacher 
Good luck on Block B 
Flames Pride 
Mascot Showdown is less than a week away and we can't wait to host again! Will Inferno be a 3 time reigning champ?! Only time will tell
Student Gov meeting in room 1117 for all members + anyone interested in joining tomorrow at lunch!! 
Get ready SJA because tomorrow is the first day of what is about to be the best school year yet
Bouldering on the road at 
 Chester on bass, Matty T co prod and Dunc + Nick from 
We’ve got a little bit of something for everybody
Today’s the day, bahds! 
 Sending out HUGE Congrats to our clients 
Please lemme know
Super fired up to help IGNITE 
It’s Show Time!!!! IGNITE 
IGNITING the night @ ND DECA state meeting 
Check out our photos for day two of the 
Just a reminder: lunch is free for all participants today at the CenturyLink Ex Hall B! Go at your assigned state time!!
Us too!!! 
Gonna be a hot one! 
End of year 
See you soon!!! Upcoming shows with 
Tonight!
Circa Survive and Thrice with CHON and Balance and Composure at the Agora 
MAKE. THIS. BREAK. THE. INTERNET. 
Final hours to take 20% off your entire order! 
R3HAB x KSHMR - Islands


Playing our collab “Kolkata” with 
The competition is fierce 
IT'S ON! 
Ok, we see u 
Be the first to order the new shirt design from 
We’ve got a special 
It’s single heat
Slo-mo espresso. Nothing better than an ice cold illy crema on a scorcher of a day. 
You've been at work all day and now you need some Good laughs, here you go: 
Black Friday deals
Light fires, burn it down. 
Good luck to the 
Day 1- Hell of a Hill! 
2 days until rock lords 
Paul. Dan. Briggs. Trials 
Check out these 
New video just released for J. Roddy Walston & The Business' single "The Wanting"! 
Somehow this tastes eeeeven better this week: 
Little miss 
You really were Liris!! Amazingly beautiful with a dash of dopeness and a sprinkle of 
Enjoying a lovely night in by the 
It's going to be 
It burns, slow, and HOT 
I love highlighting some of the causes I’m passionate about...check it out!! 
 talks 
This is actually decent! You got yourself a regular listener my guy 
Loving these new cans from Nottingham’s 
Check my "where we go" Edit of 
Congrats on a great career in the green and gold 
Some new club heat dropping next month 
ADE 2017 
Lots of good 
 trapcity guest mix.. Is my mix of the year.  
When Dancehall meets Moombahton... 
Tune in tonight for my funx dance mix from 8pm till 11pm!
Last minute preperations for tonight
 was Amazing! Now back to the studio and create some 
 THIS WEEK 
Coconut smoothy for lunch #dancemusic#lifeyourdreams#munbaton#fruitarian#fruitymusic#healthylife#dreamscometrue
LOUD IS OUT NOWWWW!!!!! 
It was another heat filled NMF so here are some can’t miss singles from 
HYPE update with 
NI DE COÑA BY 
At Winterville, we’ve got 40 fire pits but bring a bobble hat anyway. 
Holy mother of god!!! The 
Yoooo austin that show was fucking crazy!!!!! 
Supporting my buddy 
ADE that was incredible, see you next year!
Last night was insane!
Almost time for ADE!
OUT TOMORROW 
So incredibly proud of our good friend... let's go 
Yaass luv ya moma! 
welcome 
Yoooo the soul cypher this year 
MAJID JORDAN & KAMAIYAH ADDED TO THE LINEUP.
Coming at you with the 
This show got WILD last time 
ANOUNCING The Cura Tour ft. 
"OH WHAT A NIGHT"
This matchup ceremony is getting heated and I’m not sure how much more I can take 
Playing with fire. 
Check out my official remix of 
We got the hottest electronic beats
ME waiting for fresh Matroda 
I spent my last 48 hours in the studio. New Music incoming 
 is onto some next level shit 
What a tune that is though 
Are you ready for a livestream of "How it's made: Sound of Sephyx"?! Make sure to check my social media this Friday!
Sound of Sephyx is OUT NOW!
WOW! Thank you 
This December 
Brighton crew... we aint forgot ya!!! Big big line up 
 on #3 overall 
This Gaff 
Big up the Leeds and Sheffield gang last night and of course big up 
This is 
Very satisfying 
Reading the updates and it seems like you 
SCALES & SCOUNDRELS #4 is at the printer! Stellar work from 
A force to be reckoned with - stunning 
Jesse lingard doing the milly rock at emirates
De gea should apply to be double cheese....wack him on the saver menu. 
David de gea is out of this world, wow 
Grab a few of my best sellers 
I thought the concept was amazing but the execution was even better last night. One of the best events I've witnessed. Sorry lads but 
Dropping 
 was a Movie!!!! 
 went off last night!! 
Can’t wait for tonight with the 
 ur wavey 
Smashedddddd it
If you're wondering if 
Metal & Prog top picks this month include 
SUPPORT ANNOUNCEMENT

Omg 
SING IT SISTER 
Travelling at over 200km/hr with 
This pic is 
 NEW VIDEO 
New video is dropping tonight! 
 NEW VLOG! 
Our latest menu cover is based on the first ever Superman comic, which Krusty once used to light up a smoke when he was on a particularly frivolous spending spree... we think the TBC menu and its contents are just as valuable!
New CheekySport Episode out at 9PM TODAY 
Listen to 
DC getting warmed up with 
“Y’all sound so damaged” - my little sister with the ether for me & 
THIS SH*T 
 Check out my 
OMG.. Next week is going to be LIT!! 

New Music Monday 
y’all peep my brother new shit!!
MSOC: Your Ouachita Tigers are the 2017 
Go get that new 
There has been loads of 
Man like Big Shaq in the 0161 
NEW VIDEO ALERT
When it's almost winter, but your hair is still on fire 
Current mood. 
Just wrapped up a solid two weeks In this bus with a bunch of amazing people. So grateful! 
Black Friday
The *BEST* Sunday brunch 
Crispy on the outside, juicy on the inside. Wood-fired smoke job 
What's the ultimate holiday gift to give to those near and dear to your wood-fired heart? A brand new Traeger grill
 Let's goooo!! Retweet if reading! It's a GREAT one tonight folks 
Andy from 
LET'S GET READY TO GRUMBLE 
Mutton Shawarma Kati Roll 
| Relive yesterday’s huge 
Only gone and got a ticket for the Merseyside derby. 
We'll be open until 4pm today and then late tomorrow for the bonfire in the park 
"You can't *give* the subaltern agency. That's such a ridiculous concept I'm not even going to entertain it. It's boring." Gayatri Spivak speaks of how the subaltern *claim* agency 
We recently reached 5m downloads on the Android version of CrowdScores! 
LINGAAAAARRRD! 
THROWING iPHONE X's OUT OF A HELICOPTER FOR SCIENCE! 
What a series this is! 
What a try! 
My word.


 is revolutionizing what it means to be a powerful gay man on television. 


Firsts welcome 


Here are some of the best tries from the weekend's 
We're here and looking forward to tomorrow evening 
Tickets have now gone on sale for 
Is this 
This Friday - “Toast to the Ghost” 

We hope you making your way to 
tonight with 
2/21!! 
It’s going to be a vibe at 
Yo this new 
My main boi 
Let’s fucking get it 
Well hello there old friend... SO chuffed that 
LA FAM! Stoked to be a part of the 
ME AND MY SQUAD 
Burn your opposition 
Big Shaq is not hot, but he wants to know who the most hot-headed player at Liverpool is 
my new tune with 
UPDATE — 
The spicy life chose her 
Just noticed Belphegor is playing in Toronto the same night as Jimmy Eat World... time to jump ship and go see some death metalllll 
Montreal, get ready for LxSx 
Time for the last show of the tour.. Montreal, let's end this mofucka with style 
NEW YORK CITY, we are here 
Get your tickets N-O-W and don't miss out 
Are you ready to find out who is in the 
CirocVodka_SA: 
Mbule with a stunner on his CAF debut!
Superb goal by 

RT if you were impressed with their work 
68,000 People out of 75,000 Spaces available Were Present At 
World Sports Betting 
Well done to our very own GK 
"I can't but we can"
Top team with a top vibe!
Introducing the slick 
Introducing our infamous layer 
Saving the best for last, the people's player our (VC) 
Introducing the boy that arches like a beast 
 Your Marking 80 On Fifa 
This track is 
Look what we just got... The Common Wealth Games Match Schedule!! 
George Bailey has been on 
QT | Rebels 5.5.35 v 
Congrats Gill and Mill. Mixed beer pong champs! Unlucky fresher and Liam on the pint of wine! 
8 December. 
Look, the world doesn’t need a live action remake of The Lion King… but this cast is 
Also, friends in radio and TV, how y’all not gonna tell me about 
Been catching up on a ton of SA house music now that I’ve come up to breathe. Firstly, can 
A super duper 
why he do that boy like dat 
Auburn student section Swag Surf so lit 
Working off that turkey before tomorrow's game!


 bringing in the HEAT 
Versace, versace, versace! Joburg, we hope you're ready for Migos 
It's our Black Friday & Cyber Monday sale!  
 Hot off the press: “Thrive in the City 2017, intimacy, and guilt: all 
Jungle Friends out now
A good morning and a big salute to 
  is everything. We are nothing, none of us, without them.
Midnight Marauders blitzed my standard for what music could do for the mind.
Between that and Low End Theory..
The chords, the bass lines, the cadences. ..college.

14 years ago today 
Who’s coming to 
So excites that we launched the Learning Academy and the Mental Health First Aid Training today
Looking for the freshest new music in the world of EDM? We’ve got you covered!

Follow EDM Daily on Spotify for new 
 Rocking it out in Perth City Centre 
 with his version of Ring of 
W/
We got two BRAND NEW colour variants for you! Get them while they're hot 
LONDON BABY! Playing 
Rashford is too silky 
 looking 
I'm really happy for 
Hyped to release the remixes of 
Traveling in Aberdeenshire today to carry out fire safety audits 
N A I L the new season trend and get velvLIT this weekend 
On the train to 
Murdoc has updated his G-Mix on 
Job done! Last group photo! Heat 
TONIGHT is the very last heat 
Join us this SATURDAY 2nd Dec for the very last heat 
Many congrats to 
 SOMA #013 IS TONIGHT 
Yooo 
Ya can't fix perfection. 
Don't miss Monday night 
 Holiday with the good stuff. See these in store and online whilst stocks last
Harry Lintell double rock blocking for 
@harrylintell double rock blocking for 
DUNDEE TONIGHT @ CHURCH
GINGERBREAD version of this favourite is on tap now and tasting splendid 
Come and find a cosy corner to sup a beer in tonight, we’ve even got the heater on 
Dramatic raku ceramic firing scenes from Helen Gittins + team at TGLE 
Magic, books and secrets 
"Witches and Wizards in a future America who are hunted by a corrupt government!"

OUT NOW!!! Trobi & 
Happpyy bddayyy too mee!!! Finally 18 
Yessss! I can’t wait! 
It's time to judge a book by its cover. My short story, The Dry Season, is in the running. Head over, check it out, & enter to win $100+Kindle 
Rotterdam! We will be doing a live set during carnival at schouwburgplein at 20.00!! 
This girl is on 
Are you already following my new spotify playlist? 
What was your weekend like so far? 
How are you starting off your weekend?? Make sure to follow my latest spotify playlist to start off your weekend with new fresh music with tracks from artists like 
New music coming straight your way soon, are you ready for a new single?! 
Great session with shermanology 
Looking forward to the studio session with Shermanology this friday 
Unfortunately my studio has been taken down... but... a new studio will be built soon and can’t wait to share it!!! 
Blessed to be a part of this amazing tune
Checking...1..2..1..2....
----------------------
New week new fire 
Very excited to perform tonight 
'Told You' 
A little more of what's coming this friday! 
After a very successful event at 
We need this 
 's remix of 
Who's getting lit with us on DEC 23 
 I LOVE THIS MUSIC 
 FREE DL ALERT 
Need some fuel for the weekend? You can now DL our full Escape Halloween set for free here: 
 HAPPY WEEKEND 
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% off SITE WIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
 listen to my b2b set with 
 always brings the 
NEW Exclusive Arrivals 
FLOW!
Our collab 'Turn Up' with 
This girl is on FAYA 
All hail qween GC 
Fire
Hot sweets
'We can do whatever we set our minds to do, we all know it, but we forget' 
. Available tomorrow at RF19 in NYC.
.
Im so hype about this 
DEAS GOOD GATHERING WAS A RAGER 
We've been waiting to welcome back 
Lots of Sentric artists landing on massive Spotify playlists this week 
Playing this mad one tonight! 
Congratulations team 
Yo "Thick Blood" is on the 
 
Check out 
NEW VIDEO - The iPhone X Unboxing You Deserve - 
Come see my Wild thing performance + sculptures as part of this 
My first R&B single with Bruce, is out now in all digital stores! 
When you express the journey through music and make change that's what's real!  tonyDADA_ your on 
I’m so excited to be joining everybody on this new show next year ‘Dance To The Music’ 
60 World Renowned DJ's!
6 Days & Nights of House Hedonism! 
Got to work with some of the guys in 
Saturday is only 3 days away! If you haven’t gotten tickets hit up a band or grab one online 
Heck yes it is. Albuquerque, NM on 1/16/18. 
 Hot Chicken Waffles! 
 Bucharest Grill's Chicken!!!! 
Photo shoot was 
Arts, Beats & Eats crowd on fire! 
Make it out 
Dark Divine is officially out! Available to purchase now on 
ORLANDO! We’re playing at Backbooth tonight, very few tickets remain, come hangout! 
New Jersey tonight - Richmond tomorrow - Greensboro on Sunday, grab those tickets before they’re gone! 
Hoping everyone is having a great Thanksgiving! Tour continues on tomorrow in New Jersey - make sure you grab a ticket ASAP! 
Hit ‘em with some Dark Divine 
Aaaaand we’re back!!! This season is #
Ready to be in Florida for a few days 
 EDITOR PICK 
Low ticket alert!
‘I’m too old to kid ya, I gotta adult ya’ -
BRAND NEW MUSIC added to NXTSTYLE 100 ft. 
Cause yous a god damn liar 
Thanks for the fantastic kick off, 
My nephew sagekatz ripping 
Love watching my little nephew progressing in our family loving sport ! 
Flipping out of this weekend and into the next like 
TOMORROW NIGHT!!!
What the weekend looked like
Few more favorites of Steve
They got our backs. 
Long day yesterday but so fun. San Jose tonight 
On a scale from 1-
Highlight of today is definitely  
Another big "Congrats!" to Kendall Haywood! 
Congrats to Kendall Haywood!! 
2018 GCM AVID seniors are on 
" I Still Am" Out Now
 rockin with the tape. LUV! Go grab PTSD right now! 
It's time for a 
Good morning troops 
T O M M O R R O W 
It's the Fire Driver 
YAAAAS! Work it, 
Always trust the Stache ... 
[New Interview] 
Can’t wait to see this Scottsdale, AZ QB spin it on January 20th at 
Returns for a 2nd year to 
[Up Next] 
Finally finished our shirt wall of fame, our office is really looking good now thank you everyone that help 
SCENESSSSSSS 
About last night...
Tonight was 
That new 50 Cent and Jeremih might make you bring the snub nose and ski mask out the bottom drawer. 
MAYDAY HIGH FIVES on 
2018 is going to be a 
New signage 
Witness 
Early Heat game tonight w/ 
Fireworks at the rugby watch live here by our 
We also will be dropping some 
we fuckin with 
NEED 
Seven lovely individuals and some 2 bit "gangster" I beat in September. 


Cold out ay it. 

No stress. Will be 
Want to bring Lucha Royalty to your show or event??? For Taya, email tayavalkyrie@gmail.com and experience la Wera Loca LIVE!! 
It's about to get LIT 
 Tickets On Sale Now, Wrestling Fans! 
What a weekend it's been for us at Take 1 Dance with the finalists of 
These are the 3 people left deciding the fate of the internet. We only have to convince ONE of them flip to a NO vote to save 
rdp3's photo 
Amazing pic of 
Bad ass mount biking 
 oooooohhhhh shit 4th...this new joint you did wit 
Check Me Out.. "Still Think I'm Nothing" FT 
Light recovery session 
Excited to announce our 2018 season schedule. 
Competition Training 
 Cyber Monday Exclusives

Congrats Felicia! 100 back Champion with a time of 54.48 
ICYMI
Relive one of the most 
The Great 
Love watching the Rudy Rod barn get hot 
New blog article 
Perfecting the Overhead Squat 
MONDAY: 
Available at tomorrow's sale 
This is LIT. 
Off to a 
always go with your passion. go with what is burning deep down in your heart 
Smoking it up in the kitchen. 
Squad is 
Way too much 
Nike is something special. Amazing night at 
S3 | COFC 20, UM 20 | (1-1)
KENNEDY MADISON!!! Her 
Such a great night for the 
After four rounds and thousands of votes, 
W
Junior Year
Happy Friday! Here's our tap list for the evening.  Renegade Grille is open and featuring their Bringing the Heat burger
Great night to throw down some 
Try our new featured flavored crust! 
I wasn't lying 
Ronaldinho was just too good. 
Some words of praise from 
What’s happening here? Tune in tonight to 
Game of the season 
blown away (quake pun intended) by the 
January 18th is getting closer every day!! And our new 
You need a verified check for all the 
More from the 
New song out 
 House of the Devil gif made by my bud 
Throughout the day, there will be challenge gifts to unlock! Current challenge: use 
 meet 
Thanks for the visit coaches!! 
Heat!!! 
Mortys After Dark with the 
Possibly the toughest draw to play Germany and unfortunate Mexico will not get its revenge against the Netherlands. Still gonna be 
some intense days coming up in January! 
working on new stuff with some electronic influences! 
Warm Up Wednesday
The to layers of contrasting plaid on the Harrisburg shirt are 
What. A. Catch. 
 TONIGHT: 
Check out my new music video! 
Hey London, hey Glasgow, check out the hottest gigs this December!! Meet our 2018 Hottest Band 
Let’s be having you Sheffield, join us on our final show of 2017 along with your very own steelers punk band 
Feeling fiery as we announce our Hottest Band of '18! Yes.... 
Fighting through London traffic with 
Thanks to everyone that came to 
Know the facts, not the myths about fire sprinklers. 
Come through w/ this Pastor Troy ministry this morning!!!  Amen! 
Not many advance tix left for 
We’re rockin’ into the week with the LEGENDARY 
We’ve got loads of great tracks on tonight’s show, including 
Just RIFFIN’
THIS KORINA EXPLORER IS SICK AF!!
Gettin my Lynyrd Skynyrd/ALLEN COLLINS jams on
Tonight’s about to get as LIT as this afternoon’s yellow sky! 
Thanks for a sick time Glasgow 
We have a VERY special show in London on Tues 12th Dec - we want to see you all there 
Excited to show everyone the new tunes on the 12th
Not long until the end of year show, last time we’ll ever play this set so don’t miss it 
The girl sat across the aisle on the train is tweasing her tash. GIRL IF HE DONT LIKE YOUR TASH THEN HE DONT DESERVE YOU 
Buzzing for our London show 
 Mad set in camberley 
The leaked line-up for Reading and Leeds next year is unreal. 
 Tonight Tonight 
 New show 
If anyone tries to tell you "guitar music is dead" again, just make 'em listen to 
HAVE YOU SEEN THE HOT MESS: FAN EDITION VIDEO YET??? a glorious 3 minutes of YOU beautiful fans dancing / prancing / dashing / going wild to Hot Mess. check it at 
chatted to 
There's more 
IT’S HERE!!! WATCH THE HOT MESS: FAN EDITION VIDEO AT 
GLASGOW LAST NIGHT POPPED OFF 
Time for that long awaited interview with 
"Think about it & if you can't live without it, Don't let it go, take it home n build bricks around it" 
Sunset tonight was 
New t-shirts just added to the online store! Grab one while they’re hot: 
Tomorrow night is set to be fire 
Make way for 
Now that's how you end a festival 
Oi this WSTRN tune is bad!! 
We had a fantastic time at 
Ohhhhh shit. 
Video Drops Tonight !! 
Happiness in every bite. 
Tonight we welcome 
 was 
Need some ammo for your USB's? 

Check out 
IRAY MVMT Single "OBA B3N NI" OUT NOW!!! 

They wanna come close but me don’t mind dem
We’re currently top 10 in South Africa’s 
Buy your tickets for tonight at 
You can still get your Season Passes to enter for FREE all nights at 
Wanna shout out 
 Support for our Liverpool show comes from 
BOOM - this IS lit 
We officially do not condone this. Unofficially - this is FUCKING LIT 
Natural Born Killaz Freestyle ~ 
damn 
Now playing LMIMP ~ 
Chasing Dreams ~ 
Particula ~ 
SOUND ON! My debut track "Warm" on Flashmob Records is out now on Beatport. 
Still haven't got your tickets for this Saturday? 
This is how September shapes up 
 is back this Saturday at 
Ready for tonight? 
Turntable mastermind 
Epic scenes from ABODE at 
We are buzzing to announce that we have added a SOLARDO sessions tent to ABODE in the park festival 
Get in the mood for 
Tonight's afterparty is looking 
Paradise at 
One of the summer’s biggest tracks; ‘Rhythm Breaker’ by 
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% SITEWIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
Video recap of the madness at 
Attack + Fire alarm from last night 
Absolute scenes at 
Back in Room 2 tomorrow at 
The lazers this weekend at 
Creamfields chile, you guys were absolutely insane last night! THANK YOU!! 
Hotel playstation sessions with 
Doug delivering the goods 
Flashback: Carioca Club São Paulo soaked in sweat at our high octane show back in July! 
She just can't stop winning at the moment! 
Harry Kane has scored 6 goals in his last 4 games for club & country this season. 
 taking over 
Visit our on-campus store for pins (only $1!). Beanies and more in store and online at 
Looking forward to be back in Buenos Aires tonight 
We've got that Friday feeling ... glass of champagne infront of the open log fires 
President Trump & the GOP are forking over even MORE money to the richest Americans -- while upending Medicare & Social Security. The 
Interested in the vegetation of Madagascar? Apply for a PhD with 
This whole thing is 
Here's the full pic of these gorgeous ladies. 
When the meeting is long but the snacks are 
Black pudding, pancetta, and soft-boiled eggs with salsa verde for brunch. @becktoria11 on fire 
July is Red
July Is Red
Pirlo has confirmed his retirement from football. His dead-ball masterclass is a reminder to why he's an absolute baller 
"Match made in heaven" 
 BOSS THAT BASE
 CONTOUR & GO 
SPICY
Finally can show you my brand 
Finally can show everyone I’m not just doing loungewear 
Follow my brand @mvmnt_london we launch October 3rd 
Think imma give my Brudda 
ASURA REVOLUTION
VOL: 1
PURE EVIL


The stunning 
New helmets 
Mims. 
I’m an official 
New post on my blog about @boccadamogioielli watch 
Bruh. This dude is speaking nothing but the truth!!! He gets it 
 March 2017 featuring 
RT if you want an 
It's the season for cosy fireside  evenings 
Keep warm this 
Have a Blazing Bonfire Night!   
Never tried kiln dried before? Then you are in for a wood burning treat! 
Great performance from the lads beating Costa Rica 2-1. Get uppp quarters next 
Just fuck off 
2 for the price of 1?  
Use code CYBER30 
My snaps right now are 
 favorite emoji everrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If you are a large workplace and would like to support 
Calendars are selling 
Creating the perfect 
Stepping into the season in 
Who’s racing who this year??? 
This camp is going to be 
Gary Harris full 360 layup 
All Pubs are under threat. They are ALL worth much more as luxury flats. Only string planning can stop this fire sale 
Thank you to all the beautiful Yogis who came
To our candlelit Christmas party 
For those asking, here is a shot of 
Who's hot? Who's not? Comment with your 
Who's hot 
Who was HOT
Back in Sept we made some 
 spittin' that T Dot Bakardi Slang on the 
It was so 
Our October Meetup at Google (!!) is going to be 
My friends are hot af 
but where was my invite 
 big bro stay snapping !!!
Shabazz Season is upon us! & this time Seat Pleasant's finest 
For all the Keto heads out there! Until the 24th!  
Checkout my newest release on Spotify “damn shame” 
NEW SINGLE
Used to eat top ramen 
In the studio Mixing 
Life is blessing me once again.... laws of attraction. Personify you’re appreciation 
A dominant performance from 
Ending the week off with a serious cardio blast! Oooh how it burns! 
Hot or cold? 
Thanks to property industry stalwart and longtime 
Thank you so much for the constant support you give us 
£35k and rising raised this morning for 
Escape the cold with our open, roasting fire, and maybe even enjoy a drink whilst your here!
Chautauqua Democrats are fired up and ready to get out the vote to elect Mike Ferguson & LeeAnn Lazarony on Tuesday 
We're feeling toasty this AM with a proper 
@Laurenfitchmun 
Quick fire questions with Charlie Puth 
Last Day 
My instasnap is on 
Had to rep south London real quick at the 
YES 
A superb 8-0 win for Chelsea Ladies! 
Hot damn! 
Twitter's 
 is one of a kind! Special on the field and off the field! This young man has such a bright future ahead! Great job vs FSU!! 
More gold. More 
Tom Brady = fuego. 
Landry on 
No brainer
What a class set of lads 
C’mon 
Kyrie Irving was in his bag vs. Philadelphia dropping 36 points 
Sizzling 
 erinwasson  costumedk  
NEW VIDEO IS TRENDING ON 
I’ve been traveling for months and now it’s finally almost over. Can’t wait to get back in my studio to give y’all new flames 
NEW 
Baby, it's cold outside. Heat things up with the red puffer jacket for her 
Don't sleep on 
Which under-the-wall free-kick by the Magician was better? 
Special message from 
Last night 
Next up, what I think is my strongest EP so far, coming Nov 24th on 
When the crowd sings along and knows every word 
We got an early look at the 
This shit run 
Let 
Yes 
She just can't stop winning at the moment! 
 Me Voy TROOKO remix
Great team work last night 
Not to stop... 
With good vibes into the new week 
That was a difficult but well deserved win. Back to 8 points clear at the top!! 
Three more points for us! 
Thanks for voting me 
Final preparations for 
We keep on rollin' 
4/4 
The unbeaten run continues!!! 
A long night at the Etihad with a happy end for us 
Matchday! 
TNGHT LA! Don’t miss one 
Snag your tix online and save a few bucks on 
IRVINE SECOND SHOW ADDED! 
Houston second show added. Neee haaaa! 
We lit 
Brb, running through a brick wall 
Girl I gotchu! 
WBB I EIGHT IN A ROW 
The Gold Vocal Collective are in the bbbuuuiiillldddiiinnnggg! 
Enjoying a perfect Saturday afternoon, & a chance to admire some of our lovely friends’ art at home in front of the fire
This was FILTHY 
Donald Glover says that mixtape with 
Issue 5 of 
Who are your favorite Male models on IG/youtube? 
Great final indoor tournament at MES! All teams are on fire!! 
Ever feel jealous of people who seem to have it all? Here are 3 steps to use that 
New heat from 
 the below clip to get an exclusive message from 
New lyric video from 
Happy Bday 
BLACKFRIDAY 25% OFF!!
No better way to celebrate the start of 
What an AMAZING Day 1 of 
Two of the hottest prospects in Australian cricket have signed deals with the 
Philippe Coutinho is incredible
TRAINING PLANS START TODAY! Download a plan now: 
Solid contributions from everyone in the first half. 

Randle 9 points, Cadee 6 assists and Newls with 6 boards! 
Perfect ball movement makes this basket much sweeter. 
Turn off the fireplace channel and come see it IRL 
ANNOUNCEMENT
all NATURAL
Dinosaurs meet the wild west in our latest High-Five interview on the BackerKit blog!
Moons on Fire 
Sami Whitcomb: 
1500 is stacked 
I especially love the Firestar. She doesn't get enough love. 
This weekend’s fight schedule is looking 
'It's the thing I enjoy most.'
ICYMI, 
How good has Navidi been this Autumn series though!! 
What a tune that is though 
 the fade like it's hot
How would your menu read in emojis??? 
Hair so hot it melts 
Know someone who loves spice? 
Looking for some 
 HOT OFF THE PRESS 
The voice of the young people of this amazing city say it all. Who should win, 
Saturday Night Is 
TONIGHT! DJs 
Looking forward to being back behind the decks at 
Tomorrow night 
Cinnabar Fridays.. Each and every week 
This Weeks’s Money$hot is 


Saturday Night has landed 


I'm takin over the airwaves on 
Wow Friday Night is absolutely Hotttttt Tonight 
Friday Night is 
 on Saturday was on 
That's my gal
MANCHESTER SOLD OUT! I have a very very special surprise for everyone! Going to be one to remember! December 16 gonna be 
Manchester pretty much sold out for December 16 
Brand new 
If you haven't already check out 
LA FIESTA 
Sunday 17th December
12pm-10pm 
The Magic Roundabout

DJ’s: 
TOMORROW night catch me spinning 
Masters back from 
It’s happening: 24 Hour spin class 
Spinning back at 
Home time 
The steering wheel last night was 
 THIS SATURDAY 
What a night fight fans! Thanks for getting 
This weekend seems like a good time to revisit all the action from this year's 
Missed this year's 
The Underground King for the win! Did this fight live up to your expectations or are you ready for more? 
This night’s been full of surprises, but 
Just so you know guys.... you missed out on 
I was in my zone last night 
Skrapz Ft Chip - High Spec 
If you're wondering if 
I'll I've been listening to lately is 

Belly Squad X Section Boyz - Sun Goes Down 
For those you haven't seen it yet, here's today's 
Prepare yourselves for tomorrow's 
" I Still Am" Out Now
 rockin with the tape. LUV! Go grab PTSD right now! 
It's time for a 
SHUTDOWN BUSINESS 
T O M M O R R O W 
DAY & NIGHT 
 GOING CRAZY
Y'all want to hear some heat check this out 
Big bonus point picked up today huge effort. 
The style ain't free fam! 
It's lit 
Want to know what's 
Gio & Gstar "HOTBOX"
Tomorrow night!! Make sure you have tickets sorted 
Phones been active for this today! 
First Direct Arena in Leeds was packed and literally on fire tonight. We had a great night with you! Brighton tomorrow!!
Billy is back 
2 Billy's 
Shouldn't have let them back in but another 3 points in the bag! 
For any mom who typically runs around w/ her hair on fire
For any mom who runs around w/ her hair on 
In case you missed it... 


Squad is 
Your new favorite team!
Sweet stepping by 
 in 2015 
Showing off our tans 
Grab a last minute chance to see Kasabian - great tickets at great prices! 
Tell us who would you be most excited to see live at Capital Jingle Bell Ball ! 
You could bag 2 tickets PLUS backstage passes to the 
 voice & the amazing 
Want to see 
 at 
We love a cosy intimate wedding by the fireplace here at Pennyhill 
  question from Fox News (!!) : Why should we find Moore's accusations very troubling, but ignore those made against president?
A massive old thanks to the guys at 
This government doesn’t just hate you, it hates your country and it’s coming for the last thing you’ve got. 
Hot new look on the way from 
Here's a snippet guys! 
Tonight midnight 
200,000 + views in a week??? MAD.
 Chester on bass, Matty T co prod and Dunc + Nick from 
Hyped to release the remixes of 
Pomp pomp that music 
CONGRATS 
Beat the heat 
Steph 
 March 2017 featuring 
Our Facebook page was just launched
Feel the heat! 
Racism is the only thing he's Fantastic 4(fantastic for), cause that's how he gets his rock off, he's orange. Sheesh 
Check out new 
 BOYFRIEND performing at our 
It would be dope for female artists if 
Summer 2015 Hoops at 

Beto Ocejo is on 
Head up big man 
That’s my dude 
Joel Embiid
Midfield dynamos - 
Bringing Big Shaq the heat on FIFA 
What a feeling to be through to the semi finals tomorrow. 
Rosanna Reynolds’ 33 points helped power Pride through to the semi-final of this year’s 
Make sure you follow 
ALL TICKETS ARE ON-SALE NOW for the final leg of the “Party In the Valley” Tour!!
Big 3 points last night. These two guys were on fire 
The lineup all week 
2017 is a historic year for Polynesian Music Artists 
New Trailer Alert 
Tune in tonight at 8pm... support from Sam & Rich at 
Wow! Live version of 'Glasshouse' by 
Want that lovely, warm & snug feeling ? Come on over and enjoy our glorious fire! 
Every 
No problem big fans! 
Tonight is the NIGHT! Last show of 2017 we're at London's beautiful 
So great to be listed on 
Check out this awesome Stranger Things inspired remix of Fire That Burns 
Great review from 
TOMORROW NIGHT! 
If you open a hot oven while wearing a necklace, it will turn into an actual horcrux 
ICYMI: Our 
This line up is mad 
LEFTWING & KODY are coming back to Mcr
The return of Solid. Grooves
Solid. Grooves are coming back to Manchester 
Full line-up for 
 serenading us at Egans Bar Parkbridge 
Check out this video from 
Out today...


60 World Renowned DJ's!
6 Days & Nights of House Hedonism! 
On our way to 
Thank you to all the producers on 'HIGHLY FLAMMABLE' 
BURN is OUT NOW!!! 
Already + 1,000.000 streams on 
Coming this FRIDAY on 
Weekend in the Arena 
Q&A TIME!! Ask us whatever u want, we will reply to all your questions in the next hour 
KING IN THE NORTH w/ 
Lock in the 
You don't need your eyes open to feel the heat in 
December gigs
What a performance 
 Frontface 
Supporting my buddy 
ADE that was incredible, see you next year!
Last night was insane!
Almost time for ADE!
OUT TOMORROW 
So incredibly proud of our good friend... let's go 
Brekkie planned for tomorrow's cold market morning! 
With this awesome line-up Spinnin' Sessions at TDME 2017 can't be anything else than LIT 
Looking for a tune for tonight? Check this 
Happy birthday to our brothers 
Looking Huge Guys 
 You guys ready to Smash 
Lost mobile footage. Madness in Mexico... Tomorrow we continue the awesomeness! 
 My new track ‘Get Over It’ is coming out the 10th of November!!! 
GOA ! See you at Sinq Nightclub on 18th November, Saturday for Smirnoff Experience 
My current favourite FUTS 
RAGING LEAGUE ON TOUR 
What's your favorite thing about winter? Comment below. 
Yes Pete dropping Stay With Me on 
 Hot off the press: “Sprudge - Issue #88” 
It’s that time of year! The 2017 Sprudgie Award nomination forms are live, and they’re extra 
New Video 
Need gift ideas? Grab a bottle of Fat Tire Hot Sauce as the perfect stocking stuffer for the spiciest person in your friend group. Buy here: 
I can’t get enough of this moombah heat 
Big tune alert !!! 
Yo this new 
You guys killed it 
Tomorrow 
Morning wonder by the way of Bobby Womack's "110th Street" 
SLANDER & 
Gonna heat up your SoundCloud feed this week 
DC always shows me mad love 
WELCOME TO THE FIRE IS OUT NOW 
Very proud to be featured in the beautiful 
That drunken noodles got me sweatin' 
Right before the release of 
LAST CHANCE TO SIGN UP! Are you a creative problem solver? Enjoy learning by doing? Flipside is a 12 week, design programme for East Londoners 
Some like it hot— how 'bout you?

Bonus if you can name these spicy snacks 
This Halloween party is 
RE-STOCK ALERT 
Our Man 
  you killed this track bro 
 so proud of you. Your doing big things now keep up the good work.
our 
POPEYE CAUTION performing live at 
 - Ncese 
Thank You for The Album 

Ekse 
The song is a jam 
Los Angeles! December 14th 
Los Angeles! December 14th we  celebrating the art and work of our namesake; the HIV/AIDS activist and feminist Joseph Beam! Join us  at the Hudson Theatre w/amazing talent for a powerful show! 
YOU THO! 
this 
One day we need to unpack why Driemanskap hasn't blown up throughout SA? They're 
It's too much
!! @houseoffunkla is back at 
@houseoffunkla is back at 
Get ready tonight we are gonna be on fire 
People been sleeping on Heavy hitter. 
Can We take a moment and Appreciate this 

Durban Boys always has Sumner covered 
 thank u for the amazing performance at 
Let’s create a December playlist. Reply with songs that should be on the playlist. Let’s all fuck shit up 
Just when I was recovering from ragga ragga, boom malume bearings 
DBN next week 
What a night!!!! 
Got a new alias for more 
This new Juls & Burna Boy video tho.... 
If you haven’t already, check out the banging 70s inspired 
Im blessed to be surrounded with greatness, Durban let’s make it happen this Sunday 
 what a turn up! 
You were all kinds of great at 
Let’s talk about 
Talent!!! 
FLAMES! 
We all about the Re-up
“For the Lord your God is going with you! He will fight for you against your enemies, and he will give you victory!’” Deuteronomy 20:4 
Summer wave by 
15 mins in!!
Please RT! South African Songs In Real Life 
Congratulations on winning!! You killed it 
If you’re  around Cape Town in the Strand area tomorrow night, come through to Umtata Lounge 
This Friday I’m also at Faerie Glen Pretoria catch me at Ibiza Sky Lounge 
DECEMBER 9th / AUSTIN TX
This Friday at Polokwane Cricket Club 
Centurion Shisanyama this Sunday 
9 December Meat Lounge Bushbuckridge 
Cause kush ain’t that hard to push like a car in neutral 
 OUT WORLDWIDE 
Big Shaq X Welbeck 
 u be Ma guy !!!!WHIL
Wow as a Naija boy I'm really proud of 
Oh and new jersey is 
Incredible!! 
Grab a few of my best sellers 
FOOK YEAH LADS!  
 Once we get fully funded on 
Our pre MLS Cup ritual consists of a Banh Mi Sandwich from Best of Pioneer Square, Garlic Fries from Ivar’s, & watching our team warm up
Excellent work by 
 THE ULTIMATE DAD SHOE 
OUT NOW - 
VERY impressive 
So punters pal Willy Pike has a well earned catch phrase, think it’s about time 
today's 
Need a poetry fix? The lovely 
Lostintranslation impressive winner of the maiden hurdle 
Redzel 
Just hit 1 million streams on Spotify on 'Vessel' 
25 sports pictures you may have missed, but NEED to see. 
This girl is on fire 
New track out on my label 
Karrusel festival was INSANE 
New track on my label 
Congrats to my brother 
New fire on my label 
Well done 2 
VICTORY. 
It was another heat filled NMF so here are some can’t miss singles from 
HYPE update with 
NI DE COÑA BY 
Jordan Caruso 
Timmy Allen 
Nate Laszewski (
6-7 PG Jordan Starr 
Deontae North 
Heartbreak on a full moon 
OMG are you serious (in 
20.90? Yeah, that’s a 50 back split. Paul Ungur throwing down some 
 skies, 
Me when they bring negative bullsh
While we're young - jhene aiko .... 
Tonight's secret ingredient: hot honey. 
 Game day feels!! 
When burnt pistons get a second life 
Rehrer, Lindsey & Donnelly for all your attacking needs!

The Irish were 
Our President 
 was 
Your 2017-18 
BLAKE 
Jojo Cooper is heating up 
This concert last night was 
Battle armor 


Be sure to check out Kirby Smart All-Access this fall.
Really firing on all cylinders for today’s episode of 
That new 
Just dropped that new 
Sitting in LA traffic. Could use some 
See you tonight 
Just dropped that 
Y’all go check out this video fr 
That’s a good lookin’ shirt! 
Ending an unimaginable year of boxing with an 
Last night tho 
Polk County!!! Cypress Lanes tonight 10pm- 2am Gon have the spot jumpin
2017 was 
This song is insane! 
Make it out 
That feeling when MORE 
You could say it’s a BIG deal! 

New Year. New Look. Straight 
junior season highlights 
This Creighton Gonzaga game is 
He broke out with an All-Star season. We're breaking out a new Smoak bobblehead pres. by 
Bringing the 
Check out the new Aero Burner Composite bat. Super cool look but amazing performance.
Who ya got? 
Three in a row!!! The 
Simply the perfect pre Saturday night out mix 
@kelownacommuntiygospelchoir extends a 
AFTER 1:
Giants score first on the power-play, but Cougars respond with two in 18-seconds! It's h
Fed & Luke been ballin 
Chinese character of the month  
焚burn/burning=林wood+火fire
ｈｅｌｌｏ   ｈｏｔｎｅｓｓ 
ℬᎯЅᏦ ℬᎯℬℰ odanniegrl is on 
 Skating Calgary 
1000m M/H 
5.
Carrie Bradshaw would totally be wearing these in 2017 
10 Event Trends for 2018 
 gets it 
Wow... 
The first artist announcement of 
Oh man! The 
What's the one thing you need to overcome challenges as an entrepreneur ? 

Sharing thoughts w / 
Congrats to my fellow 
Vices x 
MAJID JORDAN & KAMAIYAH ADDED TO THE LINEUP.
No Place Like HOME 
WHOLE LOTTA THIS FLAVA DROPPIN DEC 1st
 DELUXE OUT NOW 
2 days away... me and 
 felt this one bro 
TrueStoryGee on Spinrilla. 
Watch this on repeat 
Play this on repeat 
K Camp
Listen to Binky - YEAH (Prod.Maxo Koolin x Godlike Pariah) by Binky Official 
My nigga 
DJ Premier - Our Streets feat. A$AP Ferg (Official Video) [Payday Records] 
Available at tomorrow's sale 
Milwaukee rapper 
Woooo! Me, 
I wanna shout out my dude @therealkillahpriest who got that new 
I wanna shout out my dude 
IFA U19’s 
 Goes too harddddddddd 
Drip 
Drip. NoCAP 
Oh and it's cold outside... but Shapes On Shapes album by 
The Liberty Natatorium pool was filled today with almost 700,000 gallons of water! 
Very tight remix of genesis 
Great game against arsenal! Drew 0-0 boys dug deep and we could of came away with more!
Bruh
Fire fire fire 
 flame
LocateEmilio - Check (Official Music Video) - YouTube

Y'all know what to do
Lock into to 
Last night was 
The new kit is 
I’m with Xali . . . 
Making 
Don't watch if you're not ready! 
Rangers are on fire 
Means a lot bro it’s go time
With their season ending, I want to call out what an awesome addition 
Dude, you're a genius
I'm on my NY shit.... 
Leansquad - Get Racks! Coming April 20th 
Last night, 
I could watch this all day long.
True 
This bih finna be so hard 
A truly 
Mercedes baby video drop tomorrow 
Danng 
Hotel bout to be 
Rodney Pryor scored a team-high 19 points last night, making 13-16 FT attempts in the 4th quarter alone! 
Retweet this so 
Super proud of issue 4 
Tough 
ozark need another season asap 
WOW.
Steven Adams is on fire - 27 points on 11-11 shooting. 
Drew lives for winning time 
Sixers improve to 2-0 vs the Pistons with a 108-103 win 
MADE NO. 1 on Sportscenter!!! 
Matthew Richtman (Kaneland) with the upset win in 14:20 unofficial for the 2A Boys! 
Simeon is ready! 
A hot start for the Hawks, as they have run out to a 12-2 lead with 15:35 left in the first. Hartford with a trio of threes! 
”We get more hints of God in our gardens than we do in our churches...” 

Tickets are available now! 

Retweeted UIC Flames (
THIS WEEK: double 
That was clean 
I’m writing some new material for this RIGHT NOW! Come and see if it’s 
NEW VIDEO!

BlackBerry Motion Unboxing & Hands On! 
It’s now rivalry week!  Make sure to join us on Monday as we 
 Proud of you 
Big game! 
Tonight tonight tonight Amazura 
Tonight tonight tonight 
December 8th HB 9th Anniversary 
Tonight tonight tonight Amazura tet dwat 
Tomorrow night Amazura li ye tonton 
Reiss Nelson beautiful free kick 
What a way to mark your full Chelsea debut - 
Great Draw 
CUP | TROPHY | SHIELD NEWS
 The big coupon buster saw 
12 young people 
'Never let the fear of striking out get in your way' 
What a season we have had 
Top Bins = 500 Points 
I thought this was a joke/meme but instead it's actually the greatest thing that has ever happned to music. 
Pretending to be a chemist with 
 cracking show in Galway! Great band, some many hits 
This is London's HOTTEST 
Stay Safe this Bonfire Weekend 
Braves CHAMPIONSHIP GAME DAY 
These 4 are gonna kill it at the 
Victory Monday!!! 
Is it me or was that commercial w lebron lit 
Monk dawg lit 
 Play of the Week - 
ATL Knights @ the Banks 
Big day in Piscataway!!!! 
Congratulations from your fans at Atlanta Public Schools 
GS-0462-6 Lead Forestry Technician (Fire) 
 Seasonal fire jobs are open for the 2018 season at 
Fire 
Welcoming Teachers from all around 
36 days until 
39 days. 
feel like “redbone” definitely deserves to win a grammy 
Going up ? 
**JACKSLASH LADIES LINE**

We have new goodies for you girls! 
Get em’ while their hot! 
Thomas Welsh was on 
You never know what you'll find in the bedding section 
No letting up. 
When you're hot, you're hot and our champion 
go GET TURNT on 
 can’t wait to see you guys live and in the flesh. I know it’s gonna be 
On another level of incredibleness 
Swae Lee previewing some new music.. how's it sounding so far 
Monday fuel 
N*E*R*D and Future share brand new video for their collaboration, "1000." 
JUST DROPPED
Nike Air Jordan 1 Retro Wheat. JUST IN 
Totally random thought… But God got the sky lit 
TONIGHT's 
Get ready, CharLIT! The next 
HGTV runs down their 10 favorite entries into the 
Name that tune (or Bible verse?) Check out 
just when you think you know what to expect, x pulls off the unexpected. 
A guy who sexually assaulted me in college just posted a 
Bottom line: beware of 
Fresh off the press and I’m loving it 
I love your articles 
We're not mad if u haven't heard 
We designed a new custom scent for @casafeena reminiscent of the pine kindling used in a lareira—Portuguese word for fireplace 
 check out this 
A joint album from Big Sean and Metro Boomin is coming this month 
Yes @DJDannyHoward !!! Brand new show on 
Hyped for 
WE DID IT 
This new 
eyy next show in london sold out 
Live Show
This FRIDAY with

Can't wait for this, who's up for a 
Looking forward to House Of Silk Bonfire 
Looking for the best new music? Check out our Fresh New Tracks 
Killer tuneage by 
 9/9: fortune favors the bold 
: more spice in your life 
In the mix 
Playing a show with _manlikejohnny tonight 
No keeper has made more saves in a single Premier League game than David De Gea (14) against Arsenal tonight!

Different class!
Available April 25th 
Unforgettable moments during ADE I'll never forget! 
I'm proud to announce that "Lick It" is on number # 67 Top 100 Tech House 
Big ups to 
 b2b w/ 
Out today >> 
my crew didn't disappoint... thank you all 
Last night's show is now up on the cloud, music from 
Finally out: HELDEEP Vibes EP part 2! Make sure to enjoy this one 
Paradise at 
noahpetersenmusic rocking our OVRDOSE hoodie 
One of the summer’s biggest tracks; ‘Rhythm Breaker’ by 
Our ADE Sampler 2017 has been officially released today in all stores! 
#41 traxsource Tech House Top 100 
#84 traxsource Tech House Top 100 
We keep climbing in the Tech House top 100 
Belgium, you were LIT! 
Yoooooo.....who just witnessed the world exclusive with me 
Jheeeeeeeez.....The vaults Cardiff was a madness!! Big up you lot 
Yes......at 231 was mental 
Tonights going to be a madness! Glad to be back 
Sheffield 
It's time for that Midweek Heat again! This week we've selected tracks from 
FIRE !! 
FeministaJones 
2nite it’s our boi Thorpey at 
Last day of the Pop Up Shop with 
I'm still bumping your set from  
 Catch 
Take a trip with Bon Voyage bruthaz 
Our last show in Nottingham sold out in no time at all. 
We're teaming up with 
Testing out a new one at south on Friday 
New tings by 
 Oi! 
 to this wild night with my 
fl
Udon noodles 
NEWS! We are doing a takeover of the Bandstand Stage 
Brace yourselves!

In just 15 minutes 
You Don't Know Me is on Pete Tong's Ibiza classics 
THIS is why I make music 
Hyped to announce the 1st special guest for 
The mighty 
Rollickin’, raucous stuff from 
 Hook & Sling festival was amazing!! So much talent under one roof!! 
Catch us live in the place tonight!!!
ITS ALL GOING OFF...
Warbly Jets 
Get ready for a whole lot of hair raising partying this weekend in London Town 
This is Leona leiowna her aggressiveness is always raging 
Cryptic Slumber Party and more bras 
Trying to decide between between two different mugs on Redbubble be like.

Luckily you get 15% off when you buy 2 or more, and 20% off when buying any 4! » 
We can wait 
 Mate those tracks with 
day 2 was 
Mr Ks beats are hard 
Who's still rockin' their vintage Scorpions tee's circa 1980's ? 
This Shirt is 
I don't pay attention to sports at all, but I listen to this 
Officer C & Officer K on duty 
Hot spot night... how I like my dipping sauce 
 Thank you for playing awesome music! Great last 
We are happy to announce that our new album 'WET (The Wonderful Ego Trip)' is now available on Apple Music!


NEW RELEASE! 
Our sex is so 
Massive shouts to our boy 
Our boy 
Say hello to our December 
Check out Phil X of 
Just Announced! 

Major moments of glamour in the western Canada! Rocking 
 tonight!!! It's Mr. Deuxluxe's birthday, come party at 
NEW VIDEO!! 
 ‘s KITES SOUND GOOD AS FUUUUCK 
 BERLIN TONIGHT 
TFW you're thinking about the insane amounts of raw techno and industrial rave Boys Noize is going to drop for his CTM 2018-inspired set 
The beginner's guide to the gym - face your fears!! 
High rise Hot Pants + yellow laces = 
yo I can't waaaait 
Center yourself. 
Counting down our Top 10 Tracks of the Year today 
This show got WILD last time 
TONIGHT is the night. Left is Right, presented by 
ANOUNCING The Cura Tour ft. 
TONIGHT! Are you ready for the 
Tonight in Dallas, TX 

Supporting 
Tonight & tomorrow 
I got some new heat coming out on 
Yooo this song with 
Stop worrying about what people think about you and just live life to the fullest 
Drove out from Utah to see 
We’ll take a 9.5 from 
Your vibe attracts your tribe 
This thing right here.... 
CUPID - Body 
Cupid - BODY
When you double drop a 
Ok I may be stoned but this looks 
 Sale 
THE FIRE CONTINUES TO BURN - 
 reasons with Monk (Greg Ellis) ... Give it the power
The Keeps Burning-

Indeed - 
Croatia got the mutant sermon - The Fire continues to burn!

1 of my fav tracks from 
Big up to everyone who represented at the 
Tonight's set times 
DECEMBER 7TH 
PARIS TOMORROW 
Glad I copped mine!! This album was
cont- 1 of NY most talented up & coming emcees 
 based artist 
Last night at 
Heard some new 
We have some good news for all 
1 more of my fav tracks from this dope 
Lots of Sentric artists landing on massive Spotify playlists this week 
New
Thank you for the beats that coming I. For this next tape. This bih already fire 
"I'm made from the best stuff on earth, can cry Snapple." 
Mind freshly blown to bits by the perfection of Snowy Bing Bongs hot damnnnhhhhggggg 
Hip hop heads y’all go check out my fams 
Straight 
Grab it while it's hot 
One Of my faves from my dogs 
Zomby’s near-mythical Eski grime concept album 'Mercury’s Rainbow', recorded in 2008-2009 and now finally available for public consumption via Modern Love. Limited clear or regular black vinyl inc instant download 
Attack + Fire alarm from last night 
Absolute scenes at 
Back in Room 2 tomorrow at 
“There were men in the alley. We knew them by name. // They said they wanted to prove we were holy.”-Emily Skaja, in the new issue of FIELD. 
The music that was coming out of 
Mate it’s a banger! 
 is the motive tomorrow the line up is 
Our winter warmers chart 
Pure 
This is the best thing I’ve seen in a while!! Big up the 
T O N I G H T
DETROIT TONIGHT!! So hyped to be heading back to my sweet hometown to kick off this 2-show Michigan home run. Let's get it!! SOO much new 
prepping some shelly annnnn riddims for my set at 
It was a vibeeee. Big up the dons dem 
 BADDA music video is out now 
Holy jackfruit Batman, 
 giving us a piece of her new song 
 History In The Making!
Fuse ODG x Ed Sheeran x Mugeez (preview)
And Yess that's Ed on the chorus in twi!! Wait till u hear full version!!

OUT FRIDAY! Premiere on 
  the harmonies are on fire 
 LINE UP ANNOUNCED FOR THE  
wait for it ...
poetscorneruk's video 
Whole lotta gang shit 
Why did 
Lab with 
BURN IT DOWN, LADIES 
 Share & win with 
Women need to support other women 
What a weekend this is going to be! If you about next 3 nights in Glasgow I strongly suggest this. 
When Coach Nick Saban comes to town 
Pixie Blast!
Piper's InstaMage game is on point. 
Some incredible shows across the Uk today:


The 4for44 
New York! Can't wait to be bring 
Berlin Playground 
Look what you can get for coaching amateur football!! Now only if they had some more cash left over for those amateur players!!
Pumpkin Spice+Torched Marshmallow!!! 
 My favourite set from last night! On fire 
Six Sample Project Vol. 2 by Dasta is out and it is 
 deals are comin' in hot 
SK INSIDEEE, HOLLA 4 LOCATION OR CATCH THE LIVESTREAM
Happy Birthday to "The Sniper" 
RS019 has arrived 
Take a look at the party and label that's become an international force to be reckoned with:


Gassed for tonight’s 
Tia!!! This is everything 
Let the Christmas shopping commence with 
ANDDD 
It's not just hot gossip—RUMOURS just dropped 
Jeffree Star Cyber Monday specials have arrived! 
Jeffree Star Black Friday Specials have arrived! Save up to 40% here -> 
The Star Family Collection has arrived! 
The Star Family Collection arrives tomorrow on 
A fire moment 
It's Woptober 
Breaking news at our Website! 
Website of the Year 2017 is live! Check out the finalists & the new showcase site by 
This month’s show is up on soundcloud. 
If you have any other plans tonight then cancel them. 
*** STYX REOPENS THIS WEEK *** New menu including three (yes three) winter warmers! 
IT'S FRIIIIIIDAY! Have a fab weekend Rokiteers 
NINETEEN opportunities to make this bank holiday weekend 
Woaaaaaaaah! 
Some serious 
Moondance Love Rave New Years Eve in London baby! Get your tickets asap 
Playing in London on Friday for 
Shout to the main man 
 your style is evolving 
Check out my latest release on 
Listen to the full EP on 
TONIGHT 

Set times for tonight 
 Countdown is on to Bank Holiday B2B madness next weekend 
Who is ready for some 
 were unreal last night 
Shoulders 
Saturday catch me in Plymouth with 
Tallin tonight with our boy 
Nice little blaze out - 
Got the decks out for joes rave tonight !!!
HOT SHOT
Wicked vibes in Amsterdam with Subzero last night. Big up the 
Get locked into 
DJ UNO NICE SOUND SHOW

stoked to be invited to play @ Egg London 
Superlover Remix!
shouts out to Claptone for dropping my remix of "The Light" in his latest 
BRAND SPANKER
15 DECEMBER 2017. 

Navigator's
Do remember and don't forget catch 
OUT NOW
Garage Juice returns this Friday with residents 
TONIGHT we celebrate the foundations of UK Hip-Hop at The Root 
Catch me at 
Brand new Drumsound & Bassline Smith album is killing it!!!!!!!!! 
Yoooo everyone pick up the new Harry Shotta mixtape! Family from day 1!!! 
My book BIG BAD & HEAVY IS AVAILABLE NOW  from .
Toronto Canada.  Two more weeks till Planet V touchdown 
Fresh music from NEEDFORMIRRORS​ out now on V - PAGAN EP. 
It was great to have the support of superstar 
UK's 
"Make You Won't Me" By Potential BadBoy off Chatter B's Set It Off Ep out 29.9.2017 
king D in the cut 
Some other shit
Now we have 280 characters we can use this space to shout-out to the UK venues we're touring to in (late 2017 &) 2018! 
How to follow this year's The X Factor contestants on Snapchat 
 just cooking alittle bit of meat over the fire 
18 Minute Low Impact Home Workout  
Myths Plz
NEW MYTH BUSTING IN 20 MINS!!
I refuse to listen to anyone else.....

Elf is the greatest Christmas movie of all time
I'm doing a Live Q&A on the YouTube Creator Community on November 30th, followed by a livestreamed interview.

Click the link and ask me questions to get an answer and to possibly get featured in the interview
Just seen Rooney’s third goal tonight 
Amazing work 
Congrats Felicia! 100 back Champion with a time of 54.48 
Magic trick level 99999 
FREE CHICKEN NUGGETS AND CHIPS FROM 6PM EVERY FRIDAY
What 11 months of hard work looks like  
CHICKEN NUGGET! I HAD TO COME IN WITH MY SQUAD! 
Mans Retro Really goin in 
New Freezer really 
 L.O.D 2 OUT NOW 
Wow. 7-out save for Wade 
My  Kickstarter for 
WTRACK: Rock freshman Reagan Hess just broke the school record in the 60-meter dash in her first collegiate meet. 7.70 seconds. 
Waking up with the most 
Another Tommy Tubberville hot take just came in on the Unofficial 40 hotline. Reminder the hotline is open for your 
SHEP!! 
NFL Week 13 Early Sunday Odds
Vikings Vs Falcons -1 -130
Pats -8 Vs Bills
49ers Vs Bears -3 -125
Bucs Vs Packers -1 -130
Texans Vs Titans -7½ +120
Broncos -2 Vs Dolphins
Chiefs -3 -115 Vs Jets
Colts Vs Jags -9
Lions Vs Ravens -2½ -130
Jared Goff & the 
Just too dangerous 
Just wrote a 
Nicki Minaj leaving Meek took his flow to whole Another level 
The Chiefs almost put up a touchdown!
One of my favourite Instagram accounts is 
Got to say 
A few months ago I met PJ Benjamin (the Wizard) at work. Yesterday I saw Wicked and it was phenomenal!! 
It’s the first of the month, which means new 
IT'S LIT 
Nearly Here 
She was one of 
My brudda 
Stop playing! Uno + fauni + warholss
NEW SINGLE BY MY BRO 
That wingstop on the North be BUSSIN 
ISSUE- 
K2EUCE - ISSUE ft. DJGQTheKID 
Outfit details
I need an invite to Aunt Vi and Hollywood’s wedding....the food is about to be 
RETWEET if you loved last night's episode of 
Officially a 
'Circus at its purest' 
HEADS UP! 
ALVA returns on Pont Neuf with a new EP "French Kicks" out on 01.12 
 First extract from TAOS debut EP premiered by 
Cannot deal 
Sunday Slay 
Just announced!! Soul Hurricane 
Saturday Slay 
 Hot off the press: “Dour Festival, Binkbeats Selects and several amazing Tip22 updates - Issue #28” 
on vacation but sharing this anyway 
An INCREDIBLE run from the women's team. Playing hard through their seeding to jump up 6 places in the first dayGood position to make nats 
 The fastest 
Alloa move from 8th to 3rd in the table after 3 successive wins
This panel discussion by 
These are the 3 people left deciding the fate of the internet. We only have to convince ONE of them flip to a NO vote to save 
Several people have asked me about why Variables are needed in PyTorch - as of 0.4, they won't be. Meanwhile, perf improvements in 0.2 -> 0.3 
Everyone knows commentators are good for a few 
"Moon Magic" is off to another 
NYC our sweet chilli chicken is 
 Most L1 wins by 3+ goals (17/18):
5
 Most League One goals (fr. 12/13*):
71
What happens in Vegas isn’t staying in Vegas...Your Gophers WON the tourney! Freshman 
This kid has game
Our very own Gopher from Detroit, MI garners 
Stay warm and comfy this winter thanks to those thoughtful 
 giving me everything I
Could not be more proud of 
Yeehhhhhhhh not bad, not bad at all 
Yessss Hillllllly 
Some kcal 
 Another hot day
Great ride today 
Talk to me about this line up.... 
First XV for tomorrow's game. The players will be wearing rainbow laces to promote LGBT inclusivity in sport 
Big win for us tonight and on unsy’s last game he fully deserved that, hopefully we can kick on now , and 
Good win last night, just what we needed , great goals 
Lowry on fire 
"The city is our canvas" - 
New blog post: "The Cost Of JavaScript" 
Forbes uses Workbox for caching their front-end assets on Forbes Poland: 
 The next version of VS code will automatically add your import statements as you use functions from your project
Sitting comfortably? Well that's more than can be said for the guys who've made 
Mornings like this 
From the lift i just witnessed the possibly Sickest run ever seen on the bottom 
A Week 7 
anyone coming to my 
Reggie is a big baller
ICYMI: Wallace had 20 points & 9 rebounds against the South Bay Lakers tonight! 
Have yourself a night 
Karan Higdon took no L’s today

25 carries
200 yards
3 TDs

Hot Ticket Alert
Harviestoun tap takeover at 
 Trades Live Gig Guide 2nd Nov 
 Trades Live Gig Guide 25th Oct 
If you've seen 
Two-footed 
DOES STANISLAS DESERVE 85 SHOOTING?! | JUNIOR STANISLAS VS FIFA 
NEW SE DONS & DØN & L90 SNAPBACKS AVAILABLE NOW 
RT if you think the DONS should SIGN 
It's here!
Sorting a small portion of our collection of flints used in fire making. So many flints used in fire making.... 
The Essential Phone + 360 camera is $399 for the next 4 hours 
Last Friday the Flaming Lips were on fire 
Cold Pressed Ginger Shots are ready and waiting for you!
@tastyinsta beautiful idea for a coffee cart! 
MIZ BABYYYYY
TOPS SWEEP THE IRISH! 
From the judges: tell your story well, get everyone on script and make sure you’ve got fire in your belly 
And Starc's last ball of the over gets to 150.5kph 
 was fcuken dope!! Fatman Scoop was on 
Customer interviews are heating up at the 
Don't get too close 
Did someone say watercress? Mmm you better hold on tight because we're about hit you with the hottest, baddest, drama-packed web series... Coming soon! 
WATCH: Corey Anderson was on 
OH SHIT 
just saw this. this is the best possible message for today’s international day for the elimination of violence against women. 
 Who's riding with the hottest strike rate?


"The words we speak are inherently political" 

This is gonna be 
Have a 
We Move!                            
AJO
It's another trial winner for 
Fresh out from 
 COMIN OUT 
A super 
Terrific to see MADONNICA win so dominantly first up against the boys 
Lyricist lounge with 
 DRINKS TONIGHT
 is headlining a huge summer party Nov 24 presented by our mates Rubber Band House Records
 launch TANITE!
 DJKESS X KJV - WHINE DAT 
His performance was everything !! 
Man my lil bro 
The best thing the NFL has done in a while was let these guys start back celebrating... they've been 
New Music Titled “AVAILABLE” Out Now 
Patoranking - Love You Die 
Big brother with the VOOOIIICCCEEE 
Another One In The Bag!! Shout Out To the Lovely Fans !!! Team Wande Coal .. 
 is one badass dj 
My set last night @ the S-Concert with y’all was beyond lit!!! Straight love always!!! More Music More Jamming On The Way!!! 
Big Love To 
MONDAY: 
Show done wid Love .. TATAIII 
 this is Raggae Gospel 
Lets build Ghana music with togetherness,yes we have our differences but the most important thing is the future of our industry because one day generations yet unborn will ask us questions like we doing to others 
regranned from 
Good music is just like an old wine,it taste good the older it   gets


Wow,am doing my playlist for tomorrow and I realize i’ve 
RRR!!! 
Woke Tree Hill
Going down tomorrow at the Accra sports stadium 
Hold Me Tight | Shaydee 
Send dat to me ! 
THRILLER the " 
Sickkkkkk 
Can't wait fr the fire.
 my artist of the year 
Sunday Morning ready for Birmingham tonight 
About last night. 
We turning up 2nyt clubozone 1st year anniversary 
Transgender model and activist Monroe Bergdorf starred alongside alongside androgynous model Rain Dove in the gender-fluid Christmas campaign for 
The Group is on fire 
Man I’m in love with 
Okay short 
Spice things up with this rusty dusty spice mix from 
Make your summer HOT HOT HOT 
Input Off Week 2017 is here
 is already here! Join us every Sunday in 
Are you ready for tonight? You know is 
These girls....
If your bored of the same old and want to get some 
 COMING IN DECEMBER - NATHAN DAWE! 
The first look into our upcoming album 
Another three 
Back to back three pointers from Weary 
My bros 
 IS IN THE BUILDING!!!!!!!
His mixtape goes in
 The 2 Grand Dig Hill 80 
Shoutout 
New Music Monday 
This market is on 
y’all peep my brother new shit!!
Listen to Energy ft. BA (Prod. EP1DMC) by Jamman 
Tonite and tomorrow we are LIVE 
Chigago rapper 
Listen to CARGO (prod.
Listen to The Dedication by finesse world® 
 High 
Meanwhile, that Homestead sky is 
As the evening get colder, we have the perfect solution! Relax & unwind by our toasty fire 
Wednesday: 
Twitter is on fire today 
Give your family the best gift this 
Didn’t get to watch the game, but heard it was
Naughty skills from 
Looking forward to playing at 
A shoot feast yesterday. All fire cooked, all served around the fire 
Big W 
All the flair 
Far from vintage but a good point on the road. Fans superb again 
Lovely evening at 
Yo! MTV Raps is BACK! 
This week's MTV Dance (Sky 354/Virgin 314) playlist is here ft. 
Can't wait to test out this bad boy. 
What a try! 
Great night as always at 
Congrats Hadleigh Parkes on Players Player been on 
These ladies are straight 
Great back shoulder throw by the young gun 
Well done to the LSRFUR contingent out in Dubai. Good luck acclimatising to the 25 degree temperature difference next weekend 
Nothing like Gear Day. 
These uniforms 
It's the last quarter-final of the competition... Who are you rooting for? 
!!!
OCTOBER cannot come soon enough!! 
Wow, what is happening here???? 
A very special fixture indeed. 

Tune in tonight from 8pm to 
 elite_tc_leighton_buzzard (get_repost)
・・・
Use code “ELITETC” to receive 10% discount… 
 Available from 
Dubai 7’s champions 2017! Great start to the season, 
 thanks for having us!!! Main marque went off last night, you guys were hype 
Early warning 
Bench mob is straight 
This 12 Year Old Kid Has BARS
Ronnie's 1st 18 holes on Santa Ponsa 2 , I lost 6&5, Ron little 6 iron on 18, on 
'If Rage Against The Machine were from Croydon' 
So ready for a spa day, but this weekend has been straight 
I mean, he literally steals the show. It’s a big performance. 
U20s are cooking in Edmonton
Come and get your free Do It London packs and exclusive 
Damnation Festival was a blast!
See you all again in 2018 Uk 
Man...
 HIRING KLAXON! 
Had such a good time singing on this awesome mixtape by 
These latin vibes from 
We are already really looking forward to 2018!
Incredibly excited (and honoured) to be playing this! 
f u c k i n g.  y e s 
 Wow! 
Watched Bronx Tale with the old man today , class film 
The pictures from last Saturday’s party! 
Working on the trmnl video and couldn't resist getting the new monitors out!! Sounding 
Tomorrow it begins! 
We're back,12th November with 
The same dragon appeared in our fire twice - I just added more wood and he left 
PLAYLIST UPDATE: ‘Gene Dunlap - Party in Me’ - bit of a throwback for this week’s track. Straight disco fire 
Know the facts, not the myths about fire sprinklers. 
So not being bias but this was the Best part of last night's event. Seriously!! The color, the sound, those fire effect and damn, that hot man! Enrique Gil!! 
.
tell me what’s your allegation
you’re accusing me of something
I don’t wanna be mistaken
I’m just askin you to say it to my 
face -MB 
Mornin’ LSS 
YES 
This power couple is totally slaying it! 
Follow our Instagram 
Our official hashtag is 
It's about to get LIT 
ICYMI, 
Shout out to 
Shutting down the student center of PENN STATE TONIGHT 
just got NbaLive18 and Need For Speed Payback just by paying my bill with Verizon 
 is 
 NEW 
'With the night’s ridiculous line-up, unlimited glittery confetti and huge Elrow-style balloons falling from the roof, it’s easy to see why La Discotheque is known for throwing a really, really good party' 
Your new favorite team!
Let’s See If We Can Bring Our Own 
From P15 to P8!
Tomorrow is our final race 
Which under-the-wall free-kick by the Magician was better? 
Special message from 
Fall in luv MUSIC VIDEO! Y'all better be ready!

CLICK THAT ^^ 
 
EuroLeague Young guns: 
HIGHLIGHTS
T.Y. Hilton with the 
Who's in? This Friday catch us alongside 
T O N I G H T
Thank you to 
36 days until 
Business is about to pick up. 
If you haven't already check out 
So amped to announce I will be joining 
BOOM!
Legend!
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% off SITE WIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
What a performance 
This is lit 
Boat party went off yesterday s/o to 
We enjoyed an informative assembly by P2/3 on firework safety. We wish all of our families a fun but safe bonfire weekend. 
We’ve got a 
Mike Francesa put McAdoo & Reese in body bags. Grab the podcast if you missed it. Lit those dudes on fire 
Uno Dos Tres 
Grand Rapids tonight! Playing at Intersection 
Lil bro 
 It's Official

 JUST ANNOUNCED: 
Get to know the next BIG MAN THING in Fashion 
Great to meet you 
See what we got up to at 
This damn year just won't stop giving - Something More 
Strange for a venue that had such a high ceiling it was roasting in there. It’s me. I’m hot baby 
 After 
Huge congratulations to our very own 
We're stoked to announce that two of our 
Yes Pete dropping Stay With Me on 
Thanksgiving is lit thanks to that 
TONIGHT's 
Our winter warmers chart 
Flashback to 
Still trying to get over 
TBT ... FUSE...HYTE...Amsterdam Dance Event...
New Wu Tang 
Preview on 
But seriously... we're cooking up some fun GIFs for you this season. 
This weekend sees Soul Rebels return to 
First up on 
GOAT - First Car (Official Video) 
The Rap Show's first EVER live 
Letssss go!!!! My brand new show 
I CANT BELIEVE ITS ONLY 2 DAYS TO GO!!!! 
It's all about Chicago's finest, 
We got some 
 on radio 1 gets me buzzing even if it is a Thursday 
This is MASSIVE. We still have TWO more huge acts to announce 
Woohoo Fresh Dirty Katarina from the brewery! It's getting cold but this will keep you warm 
This weekend! Independent Ceramics Market - Sept 16th/17th @ N16 0AS pots
Warmth guaranteed at our 
 MELBOURNE SHOPIFY MEETUP TONIGHT
We're so excited for our 
She just can't stop winning at the moment! 
 BEHOLD THE BEAUTY
Tune in today at 1pm PST for a Facebook Live Interview on 
WATTIE INK WEDNESDAY! 
Really enjoying the intensity of this amazing 
 to the insane heat at 
Use Me is officially the greatest Britney track not to have been released by Britney. Congrats, 
This is dope 
Airmoves 
 X 
Dope, here we go. 
, get your 
CHAMBEA OFFICIAL VIDEO WITH THE NATURE BOY!!! WOOOOO!
If you're like us & can't get enough of 
‘Still Think I’m Nothing’ - Available EVERYWHERE Now!! 
Earn your honor. 
TUNE INTO BET!! New Episode of 50 Central starts RIGHT NOW.  Make Sure to Use Hashtag 
 starts in 30 mins... Tune in 10:30pm est 
New Episode of 
Don’t Miss Out...  
The Harlem Globetrotters made a shot from our catwalk look easy. 
My boy 
 ricflairnatureboy
・・・
CHAMBEA OFFICIAL VIDEO WITH THE NATURE BOY!!! WOOOOO!
The Unsigned 360: Latasha Alcindor "Practice on the Q Train" 
Hops & Oysters!!! The Sixth Engine in DC will be pouring some 
On a scale of one to awesome, our fans are 
YOU A REAL ONE IF YOU COP ONE! 
NEW MUG RELEASE
Lines cleaned, beers pulled through, fresh 
Stay Gold, 
 geez 
Oh hell yeah! New @i_ducket 12" on 
Omg 
A fiery orange 
The story behind every track on 
This tune needs more love!! So so good 
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW 
 Stop it 
Great team performance after the international break from all the boys today. Salah on 
We are excited to announce that we have an interview with South-London’s finest 
Totally agree! Encourage anyone to get involved with 
It’s almost here, only one day to go until our Annual Showcase. It’s going to be 
What happens when you put 
 Async functions can chain a .catch() to catch any errors without a try/catch
It's amazing how much little details polish the feel of a book. Adding chapter title to each non-title page in Docker for PHP Developers 
WITCH HUNT 
Guest appearance from 
 | When 
THE PERILOUS NIGHT 
Thank you so much. I had the best time! What a vibe 
Tired as Hell  still have Club Icon in soweto Tonight  Phalaborwa  Phangeni Vibes was INSANE
the ending of that song is 
 <--me, or penn station.
My guy 
CONSPIRACY
Just RIFFIN’
THIS KORINA EXPLORER IS SICK AF!!
Gettin my Lynyrd Skynyrd/ALLEN COLLINS jams on
NEW 
NO. i dont watch WAGS, I watch 
 "Do Your Thing" slayed the dance floor 
Turn up the HEAT, baby 
 
Awwwww My Fav 
R3HAB x KSHMR - Islands


still bouncing & vibing from 
Playing our collab “Kolkata” with 
Viral by 
You A Foo For This One 
Whole Tape 
That Children of The Corn too Hard.... 
 my fav female rapper, on repeat
Only 1 hour to go for 25% OFF
2 hours left to get 25% OFF
3 hours left to get 25% OFF
4 hours left to get 25% OFF
Just 6 hours left to get 25% OFF EVERYTHING at 
 It’s 
Lets keep it 
25% OFF EVERYTHING
25% OFF TODAY
  25% OFF TODAY  
  25% OFF Tomorrow 9am  
25 sports pictures you may have missed, but NEED to see. 
Really giving Steve a run for his money, Jake J-Thrill Bennett 
New single dropping Nov. 24th. Check out my other stuff on Spotify! Link in Bio! 
@jjtrezza at Blydenburgh Park setting the pond on fire! 
@cozzknowsphotos burning down the tower. So many sick shots to choose from, we grabbed this one on account of the 
Yes, yes it is. 
Doodling my boy, Ray 
The man 
Mood 
Meatloaf is taken to a whole new level with 
This scene is straight 
This whole thing is 
Congrats my man 
Live right now with 
Another member of the Champs' team might be leaving early, while someone on The Stars' side loses his cool 
TONIGHT is the night! Come chill with us at 11/10c for all new episodes of 
EVERYBODY WATCH 
Kim-cheese fries on the specials 
Me when they bring negative bullsh
New Yorker bringing the 
Who's crowd going to be this 
Tap change for this coooooooold Saturday evening: more 


Not long 'til we get that double-dry-hopped juice thang on the taps for 
Join us round our fire today from 12noon for Pi 
The coolest thing I’ve seen today: live coded music at 
 
Ideal for smaller groups to join the full blown Christmas party experience! 
From the 
Have you met our Beef with Bonfire Roast. Melt in your mouth beef and veggies that have been roasted on our open robata grill for maximum smokiness and flavour 
Friends of poetry and beauty, please take note! This book is 
Finding it hard to get into reading a new book because I can't stop thinking about The Break by 
Guardian® - Dartmouth Gate Top 15 Hot Deals 
First session of the day from 
When we said 
views count when you work with vue! 
 was a blast. Thanks to 
"Developer communities are safe spaces for developers" -LM 2017 
send regards to 
This guy comes with a lot of energy 
.... killing it
And also a very big congratulations to 'smoking' 
Congs for wining those dope 
 talking about developer communities in Uganda 
Men at work. 
Are you taking 
happy to bring the fire!
NEW VIDEO: Winning Beats Solo3 Wireless Headphone from Cloudinary + Unboxing

Thanks 
Its a new day, another opportunity to be excited and filled with joy because DevFestSW is in 3days
15% OFF
Happy xmas day everyone 
If you want to see the newest features and help to shape them. Join the alpha program for 
What a moment for Craig Overton! 
BLACKFRIDAY 25% OFF!!
George Bailey has been on 
Darwen’s biggest Bonfire is ready for tonight! 

 I'd like to register a complaint: Billows is NOT "a modest froth." It is a perfect summer brew; so glad to have it in the
Frank Ocean's '032c' cover is flying off the shelves. 
The December edition of WISH is out today with The Australian ... like coffee, get it while it’s hot 
Seeing 
Webs was on fire 
This was 
'WOMAN'S WORLD 2.0' has arrived!

Nothing but 
Damn. Premiering w 
50” UPDATE
Carnacon 0-14
Mourneabbey 1-08

A superb GOAL from Mourneabbey skipper Brid O’Sullivan has set this game alight. Drive from midfield, one-two, BOOM 
 - 6pm - Tune in 
JUSTIN WRIGHT REBROKE HIS PREVIOUS SCHOOL RECORD IN THE 200 FLY WITH 1:40.57!!
It's a night for a Dan's by a warm fire 
Bravo 
DJ Premier - Our Streets feat. A$AP Ferg (Official Video) [Payday Records] 
Listen to God by Guillotine Bars 
1 more of my fav tracks from this dope 
 PRE ORDER YOURS NOW "IMPERIUS REX" (he's backkkk) 
Its fair to say 
IT'S ON! 
It’s no ones birthday, we’ve no idea how she know’s how to sing this but my heart is on 
Hot 
Get those orders in fast for SONGS FOR THE DEAD, cause it's starting to heat up! 
ATTN: RETAILERS & READERS
COMIC BOOK RETAILERS
 TONIGHT at CIRCUS 
MAKE. THIS. BREAK. TWITTER. 
 Hot off the press: “On Hiring - it's recruiting brainfood for the week ahead - Issue #60” 
Spice up your supper this Saturday with True Mde foods Veracha Hot Sauce. 
Looks like the Royal Wedding is going to be lit
This is gonna be pure 
That is absolutely disgusting from futsal legend Falcao. 
Going to see 
Tonight is gonna go off 
What a legacy this man leaves behind. Miguel Cotto 41(33)-6 
Next Saturday in New York, 
Just how I dreamt it
 Through to the quarter finals! 
On with the killer red dress 
Running riot here United! Brilliant game to watch.. 
If you've seen 
 Hot stuff:

MTK Global pleased to announce the appointment of 
We can't wait for January & February!! 
Mats Hummels has been asked if he's terrified of Will Grigg 
Krept and Konan 7Days and 7Nights coming soon, looking forward to hearing the 
 in 2015 
Big win going into the international break 
Using the all new power paste from 
@redbullrampageofficial is coming... 
TONIGHT! DJs 
Looking forward to being back behind the decks at 
Fridays are going big! 
This is going to be MAD!!! 


.
Thanks to the good_time_gang crew for hosting such a BANGER 
Next Slot 
Exciting times ahead 
Getting the Seal Pit nice and Jackin' early doors 
Can't wait for this! Next 
Solid video from 
This girl is on FAYA 
All hail qween GC 
Whoop! Whoop! Congrats to all at TeamDFG! We're on 
SHELTER!!!!! 
Found my new sound. 
Delighted to supply 
Shoot Your Shot - Waacking & Vogue Festival
Out today...


60 World Renowned DJ's!
6 Days & Nights of House Hedonism! 
Son on song. Tottenham on fire. 
You got my heart!! I'm bumping these right now 
Did Mengli Khan impress you 
brand new show incoming tonight from 11-12pm UK time over on 
Coming at you with the 
Look who we have joining us this week!


We are happy to announce that our new album 'WET (The Wonderful Ego Trip)' is now available on Apple Music!


*NEW* FREE MIXTAPE  
Such pure 
 with that 
I can’t wait to see 
He’s recently been nominated for Best African Act 
 right now
Listening to The Godfather 
TUNE!!!! 
 obidi,number one ,You're the best MC
Always a hyped show every time 
GodFather is here !Thank you for all my knowledge 
New remix for my dude 
 doing it again! folkloric roots and future bass 


You can watch the 
hyped! this saturday and only £3 on 
Multitalented 
Amazing performances Noveller 
FINAL business!! 

Out Now on 
Oiii!!! This round is mad! 
Night 2 at 
Ray Blk nailed that performance 
Big up every single producer that took part in the 
Oh yeah,tonight this is happening. My first ever 
My new single CLEVER is out now via 
New : GodsGift is back with a very motivational track ‘Tryna Get By’ which features Monkstar (Prod. J Fresh) 
OUT NOW 
Fam you are not from this planet 
Next level excited 4 
Love g. Just caught it live 
Full rude kid / grimeoriginals set ft fumin sharky chronic flirta jammer 
Comes with real pleasure to announce my next guest Dj mixing the 
Last night was too lit 
Last night was a maaaddness
 tour was mad bringing out 
Next year i am shooting the sickest video for 
DAYYYYYYYM...that double patty cheese melt 
 the albums are    
 is rocking th crowd with 
Hear it from the man himself! 90s Hip Hop legend 
Fire. 
You Can Catch Me every other Saturday from 9th Dec Hosting 
The time has come! Tune in to hear 
It’s ab to get ridiculous 
Coming up at 11pm it's 
So excited to witness 
Here's the Link to the Live Mixes from our Event on Friday 
The Platoon Office playlist now updated 
 unreal
aj tracey's album probably the best thing i've heard all year, alakazam absolutely bangs 
This Ones Going Off!!! Myself & 
I’m obsessed with this 
Manga Saint Hilare
Fire In The Booth Part 1 
Spat a couple flames on this one with the homies!!!


It may be cold outside, but our December schedule is sizzling! 
 best time I've seen majestic has to be oceana when there was like 20 people there such a rave 
Air max on my feet, obviously 
This is gonna be a banger
MADNESSS!!
Straight out of Berry's Room, listen to 
This guy man I swear... too many bangers 
 Me Voy TROOKO remix
Platinum God visuals out now. Please share the vibrations. 
Listen to Ice Cream Feat Tomi Thomas by Lady Donli 
The show is so lit 
 I weren't ready for this
Buy a copy of 
NEW EP OUT BY 
meet Trix Sosa everybody 
 
What a Day!!
Making money on a replay. My fav jam rn
Live in Lagos on the 16th of December supporting 
Has anyone ever used Keyscape through Omnisphere 2? I just did and Keyscape Creative is a level up. 
I only grew some wings when I was falling - 
My jigga Donch killing the sound waves 
Tonight it's a madting 
Me and 
ICYMI - Your 
 ft 
efemoney 
My new song is becoming a street amthem 
GALAKTIQ x Sneh 


this shit is so fuckin dope
How good are these babes?!!! 
Throwing heat 
 Christmas Came In Early! Enjoy GALAKTIQ (
GALAKTIQ feat. Olamide “Enough” now available on 
This bih finna be so hard 
Be on the lookout for up-and-comer 
Cristian and Juan Pablo racing at the Chilean Nationals on their SLEDs 
Jono Jones on his way to victory at the EX enduro 2017 
The DMR SLED + 
Heading back here tomorrow!  Who's racing national champs? 
 Congratulations on 600k subscribers
Bad ass mount biking 
This guy has been on flames 
Buzzing for this one! Arsenal v Man United 
Watch for a chance to win! Watch the full video on 
This Black Friday sale has us feeling 
We're comin' in hot, 
Slayyy! 
The Must Have Office Posters For Any Startup or Home Office In 2018 
 With your help, we passed Title II net neutrality protections. Now we need to defend it. 
Fire Chat 
when you hear the 
It might be cold outside, but the 
 is looking fine today 
Almost too pretty to drink! This prickly pear, tequila and ginger beer martini is 
CHILI season
Smoke Brisket.  Not Drugs 
The spicier, the better.  
T2 and Shady have arrived. 
This year's 
I see you bro 
Literally, issa vibe over here at Call It Spring 
Ending an unimaginable year of boxing with an 
3 goals in his last 2 games.

Griffin Loughran is on 
Poll: this jacket is... 
On everything my boy 
Guys I’m proud of this one... got to interview 
You know who’s Gangsta enough to rock a 
Tooooooo nice!!!! 
Dreher straight 
 tonight 12 midnight
Cuh 
 drop the 
Said The Sky getting the crowd fired up! 
 HEADBANGERS!! 
What is this filth destroying my speakers from 
What a show!! Thank you 
Session with 
’s remix of neck and neck is 
I mean watch for these dudes, best looking series cast! 
This collab!!!
thanks for spinnin my song this week 
11/13/17. 

dinners with 
Wicked new track from 
'Toast' ft 
Yo this new 
The bros Foreign Beggars and Alix Perez coming with some new heat. Check it! 
This remix of 
My new track 
spending this long car ride to syracuse listening to 
My very first album - Wildpitch: The Story.
Drops 
Hard to be cold when our team is this hot!
These are just some of the people asking us how to get more involved after our 
This is hot!! 
Right when I posted this on the GRAM, we got a $250 gift. TY to everyone who made the decision to invest in our girls. In an ideal world, we wouldn’t need to exist or ask for money. But that’s okay. The plans for the girls this year are 
Last day of Super Round 
With his 2nd goal today and the 5th of the season, Eden Hazard makes it 3-1 for Chelsea. He’s on fire 
Scotty's (
Fresh SHOW bats on their way to Cincinnati for 
SHOW bats + 
 watching The Climb right now and geeking out 
Boom!!
Can't wait to use my new 
Official kick off party to the 
Make plans early to hang out with myself & 
Tomorrow, Ceasars is the place to be. 
Since Halloween is on a Tuesday Night, here you go! 
 EP is 
NP Ty Farris - Ghetto Survivor ft.  Scolla... 
Man 
Ok we got some new
The #1 song all of 2017! Shout out to DC's own 
Client Alert! 
200 day snap streak w/ 
Congrats Felicia! 100 back Champion with a time of 54.48 
Let's be real, these are 
We trail 6-24 after 1, but the black jerseys are fire
 my early Christmas present to myself 
7:41 Q2 - Oregon State 35, Utah State 14

Aleah Goodman with her third triple of the evening!
Looking 
Our pick for tonight's 
 Take A Stand Against Bullying! ~60% of kids and teens today have been bullied in school or on social media! 
"When there's nothing left to burn you have to set yourself on fire." 
Last Day 
My instasnap is on 
Gary Harris full 360 layup 
That feeling when MORE 
Roast, anyone? 
: the always STUNNING 
In game graphics 
The human torch!!! 
Thankful for...


Human Torch shit!  
Kill religion. Find relationship. Live the revolution 
Chadd Spurr was on 
When you take PITT on the Money Line and absolutely tea bag the shit out of your bookie..... WHEN YOUR HOT YOUR HOT 
A joint album from Big Sean and Metro Boomin is coming this month 
Sunday Vibes 
That record is 
Jazz was doing it all. Sweet jumpers, dropping assists and even 2 blocks. Ballin’ 
 damn Gary, that Spotify playlist is lit. Did not expect you to be that underground. First glance, Cousin Stizz - Lace up 
LITTY 2 TITTYYYYYY
Retweeted Th3 SΔgΔ ††† (
On GANG This whole tape fire 
38baby 2 
Denim on denim vibes 
Human Being
James Harden is so crafty. 
 go peep the homies new visuals 
This is epic! 
Famous Dex singing, what y'all think 
Remix Way 
What 11 months of hard work looks like  
Golf babes for sure! 
Self confidence is the best outfit, rock it and own it! 
 earn top-5 finishes in ALL 5 events this fall 
Team photo from our most recent public order course, well done folks good effort! 
In just 6 holes so far in round two, sophomore 
Today's wintry 
! Let’s go!
Don't miss the amazing work 
This is how happy I am... becauseeee it's Lovebox festival tomorrowwww 
2018 I’m gonna drop the hardest club/festival tracks. Believe me
I'M THE FIRESTARTER
Houston & Dallas! December 8 / 9. 
San Francisco last night was amazing! On my way to Denver right now! Temple Denver tonight 
Not the biggest fan of the alternate unis but this week 
The first dunk for 
Tampa's about to get hotter. 
Kodak Black On some different shit ..... 
Have yourself a night, 
Free agent RHP 
TOMORROW: Get tickets to see 
We call 
Check out the 2017 league leaders in Double Plays! 
This year's poster is 
3Bless! 
All the starvation albums on Spotify 
The *BEST* Sunday brunch 
That drunken noodles got me sweatin' 
Don't miss my bro 
 is on FIRE 2Nite! 
I know 
RT "
walk with us.
We have not forgotten that we took this ride this season with #30. Martin will forever be in our memory and on our Team! Once a Viking always a Viking
 Goodluck to the team and all the seniors today! Play for each other and let’s get the W!
WE JUST HEATING UP’ 
AI big hug for 
My bro 
 over Steamboat. 
PENCE
Get your popcorn ready. I think 
What a 
Tonight. 
No better way to start your Saturday than to surround yourself with passionate educators
It’s out! 
BIRMINGHAM

TOMORROW! 
2 days way! 
Bruh, this so fye 
Really enjoyed shooting 
This lineup! 
Happy Birthday shout out to the man himself 
Lunch plans? Order some
Yoooooo adidas STUNTING in A way only Miami can 
Dopest thing I've heard all year 
This week's hottest records on Discogs 
The excitement for this is UNREAL 
‘CHIP - ABOUT TIME FT. KOJO FUNDS’ VIDEO OUT NOW 
BRAND NEW VIDEO ‘SKRAPZ FT. CHIP - HIGH SPEC’ OUT NOW!!! 
NEW MUSIC OUT NOW.... 
 HAS MADE HISTORY!!! Will forever be a ONE OF THE GREATEST. defo got powers. 
Chip 
 NEW VIDEO 
Hottest mixtape of the year dropping soon?!?
It’s a mawdness in our 
UK Grime/HipHop scene got some 
I’m so mad that I’m late on this new  
When you get to hold the World Cup medal 
Brand New Video: AN INCREDIBLE ADIDAS FOOTBALL TOURNAMENT!!!!! OUT NOW 
MAJID JORDAN & KAMAIYAH ADDED TO THE LINEUP.
KRS-One live at Jazz Cafe London tonight.
madness 
RT if you want an 
This is a HIT! This record is incredible  
Some choice 
Have you seen the vid for this remix I did of 
 Everything everything: 23 photos to show how incredible 
THE DREAM 
See who came visiting 
Looking good, boys! 
We at Petals FM Ibadan wish 
Hanging on to the weekend 
 This moment though...
Two weeks of filming complete and I can see it coming together. This movie is going to be 
BANG! That's how you bounce back.. Different class to a man.. Helped by our unbelievable fans! 
Can we talk about that colab at the end of 
Hey y’all. We are REOPENING Tuesday, November 21st!! 
A few pics from our first annual HOT LUCK festival. 2018 date coming soon!                  
Go check out 
Congratulations from your fans at Atlanta Public Schools 
Sheyi Ojo in black Faith Cap 
We Shutdown Leeds lastnight at the 
So. Much. Fire ! 
 You'll probably be the best GitKraken user in town after checking out these 11 GIFs: 
 We've released GitKraken v3.3! GitKraken now integrates with 
 IN THE PIT OFFICIAL MUSIC VIDEO 
MY MAN zachstroh MADE ME THESE CUSTOM tretorn levis KICKS 
This morning's inst. coach learning was 
Downloaded mixcloud just to hear 
A long time coming, but a 
Blumbergs again from beyond the arc. He's heating up! 
aye, 
i don’t need no mask
i got my blunt smoke
bust those


               
ALL RAP PARTY

Here's a 
Blessed- 
Friend Watch x 
 snapped on that 
This why Snows Concerts stay Litty 
The hardest start to a verse in 2017 is easily “I’m on the internet but I had been a threat. That’s on my bank account. That’s on my grandma’s house.” - 
TONIGHT'S SHOW THO! 
You are our 
Otto Makinen with the Forsberg shootout winner vs Peterborough Petes in the OHL last night... 
Battle Warm Gloves = receivers gloves with fleece on the inside. Easier to catch when you can feel your fingers 
Adult and youth warmers in. That's right, youth sizes too 
 has offered ‘18 DB Payton Reed 
Appreciate 
 has offered ‘18 LB Matthew Crawford 
 has offered ‘18 DB Christian Smith 
Man my lil bro 
The best thing the NFL has done in a while was let these guys start back celebrating... they've been 
Jersey Shore meets College in new reality show at FSU
15 hours from home and this song doesn't release to radio untill tomorrow but South Dakota is still singing back!!! I love you guys 
1 quarter away 
Happy Thanksgiving from the browns!!!! ....... even Charlie Brown 
Yea I'm a 90s baby 
This week's item of the game? 

Our 
Gorgeous warm tones by 
Talked a little Cowboys, Browns, 
That was a great throw....
 offseason workouts are 
FIRE UP!!!
24 players. 10 with World Cup experience. 4 with 
Spice up your night at House of Blues Restaurant & Bar with a house favorite, the Voodoo Shrimp! Sautéed jumbo shrimp, simmered in a beer reduction on top of house-made jalapeño cornbread! 
It's A 
1 year ago today... 
The Boston Celtics come from behind to beat the Golden State Warriors - extending their winning streak to 14 straight games 
Trick Shot Tuesday ft. FireFan 
Have you heard about our newest food challenge? 
Good luck to ours girls 
Woot, that's our girl! 
Yanni Towns! 
We got to check out 
 UberMan2 Out Now 
“I cant trust a soul, these niggas change everyday” 
 man this Uberman 2 really riding 
 that DOUBLE go hard 
SINGLE ASF- 
I’ve been traveling for months and now it’s finally almost over. Can’t wait to get back in my studio to give y’all new flames 
Got to freestyle with 
Devin Watson stays 
Team KeviN 
Reporting that we haven't melted (yet). Apparently the record is 123. Let's do it. 
Tony Mitchell led the Force last night with 18 points 
Here's your chance to be at the 
My IG Stories will be on 
It’s Litty Again 
From 4-7 in 2016 to Section Champions in 2017 
Jordan Caruso 
Timmy Allen 
HE'S GONE! 
Didn’t get to watch the game, but heard it was
Knott Arena was 
Best WR/TE core in the nation 
Big bonus point picked up today huge effort. 
 happy birthday dad love you 
Drew lives for winning time 
Sixers improve to 2-0 vs the Pistons with a 108-103 win 
Who can count to 3? Where? At  
Listen to My new single ! Countin Ft. TCU
Killed it 
ok ok one of my new favs
Straight 
Come up 
If this ain’t the vibes of December idk what is 
I need me a 
Good win to start our road trip! Great crowd, onto Brisbane. Kiwi support 
Derrick Rose's MVP season 
Bick 
Tonight our residents Doc Sleep and Luz are playing House of Waxx at Tresor together with Sarj ! Come through if you're in a party mood 
Looking for good music to warm you up for the week-end ?
Look no further 
Luz's guest show on Vantablack hosted by Marum and aired on 
FIRST ARTISTS CONFIRMED FOR DECEMBER 
Much fun at 
Back in Berlin on Nov. 10th for a 12 hours queer rave heaven together with Brutaż ! 
Sixty seconds of 
55 pitches, 12 teams & 12 organisers! 
Bruno Mars :: Marlay Park, Dublin :: July 12th 2018

 Ryan Sessegnon for Fulham in all competitions 
Kendrick Lamar is Spurs and he knows he is 
We had such a fabulous evening last night. Thank you 
You da BombDiggity...
 insane performance from our students 
63' | 
30 minutes to go 
My roommate out here lightin’ sh*t on 
Squad keeps rollin’ 
Everybody check out this hot new clothing brand that just dropped today 
And she’s only just getting started 
Deeeeeary me 
Class with 
Amazing commercial class with 
What a weekend it was! Sit back & enjoy these highlights from last night’s 
MONDAY: 
Training drills with Pro Chicago fire MLS player 
Next level skills and drills by the pool 
Yeehhhhhhhh not bad, not bad at all 
OMG this 
"Only bought this dress so you could take it off." OK 
So lovely to be in the studio with these super talented super humans!My hips are on fire 
POLE DANCING AT STUDIO 68 LONDON
 ANOTHER ONE 
Thank you Ben ~ these lads are 
Amazing Monday class with 
I watched this like 3 times back to back. It felt like an actual music video. Y'all killed that. 
This song though 
Ayyyeee 
I watch this like 50 times a day! Goddamn she’s amazing ! Keep it up girl 
Thanks for your support this evening, lovely to have so many taking part for 
Just heard 
What a good way to start December 
That lighting though 
Imagine if I was the kind of person who could write a normal review of a 
I must have this Mix...it's so awesome 
What a weekend this is going to be! If you about next 3 nights in Glasgow I strongly suggest this. 
All 5 covers are now available for purchase at newsstands and online here: 
 Relive 2017s closing fire show and winner of the Mind Blowing Spectacle Award from 
Naughtyyyyyyy 
MINIMAL MOVEMENT | 
 jumpsuit 72
like a James Bond girl 
Not to stop... 
With good vibes into the new week 
That was a difficult but well deserved win. Back to 8 points clear at the top!! 
Three more points for us! 
Thanks for voting me 
Final preparations for 
We keep on rollin' 
4/4 
The unbeaten run continues!!! 
A long night at the Etihad with a happy end for us 
Matchday! 
Bringing money to life using sport today 
Skills, speed & goals! 

Enjoy 
 i will do my best 
I think the whole Scuf house crew is going to championship Sunday for this Gears event tomorrow. 

It should be lit. 
My favorite mouse is back. The 
The official 
Thanks for visiting our HQ 
Peep my setup on Snapchat: AaronCreate

 I'll add a few back 
If you are at 
Ethan Feldman has been on 
We are VERY excited to bring aboard 
We are looking for designers as well as editors! hit our dms if you're interested! 
There you have it! 
'KILL EEEEEEEEEM' - The 
We proudly present "UNLEASH THE BEAST" - A Team Montage edited by 
Proud to say that we have a new video dropping in just a few short minutes!
ANNOUNCEMENT INC 5 MINS 
Who's on that early Prime Time, Grind Time ?

Tell us what what game you're grinding! 
 you can now represent us!! Our jerseys are on sale now! Grab one before they go! 
What a game that was!! Took it down to the wire!! Thank you 
Champion 
It was really EPIC 
Full concentration.

Santa must've mistaken his Christmas dates and came early. 
We've got another batch of sick frags for our Community 
The guns on this Wonder Woman cosplayer tho 
Links
 £50 Off Christmas Gift Package for Two at 
Un king reste un king 
It is the fires 
These are the 3 people left deciding the fate of the internet. We only have to convince ONE of them flip to a NO vote to save 
Should I go back to my old name or Any others? Or stay with my current name? Vote your Answers, 
12 HOUR CHARITY STREAM!!!
OJIIPEN has won! With that, the Round of 16 has concluded and we're moving onto the Quarterfinals! 

Giveaway 24
 We’re extremely new to streaming so we’re looking for viewers to critique us! We’re LIVE now!
Go peep this 
Glad to win both the 2V2 and the 32 Man Bracket in 
AWP ASIIMOV GIVEAWAY 
Oh yuh! 
 M4A4 Poseidon 
 M4A1-S Chantico's Fire Giveaway


AK-47 JAGUAR FN  
 dopeness
Hanging out at the World Finals! The hype is real! 
Flip Knife | Fade (Factory New) 
★ Flip Knife | Tiger Tooth (Factory New) 
Tell Em I’m Coming 
Homie is dope and his lyrics are 
The +15% bonus is still active 
After just 1 day, our presale has already broken through the soft cap! 
 Our presale begins in 15 minutes: 
Win 0.01€ ► First RT 
This Fortnite ending is better than any action movie finale I've seen in the past year 
PRE CHRISTMAS GIVEAWAY
Exporting a 
Thoughts on my new keyboard?New FancyKey update is 
Speed give a fucking way
IMPOSSIBLE AF GIVEAWAY
Huge Giveaway
ENDING
RELAUNCHED GIVEAWAY
Partner-Gaw
SUPER SPEED GIVEAWAY
SPEED GIVEAWAY
SORTEO +OP
 AWP Asiimov Giveaway


SPEED GIVEAWAY BITCHES
HEADER
M4A1-S | Hyper Beast (Field-Tested) 
SPEED GIVEAWAY LOL
Giveaway 
Go hit up 
Anyone want rank in fortnite? DM me. Grinding people rank
*Huge GAW*
Every rt for the next minute = $10 Razer code!!!
Sorteo/Giveaway
We back baby 
Yo!
We need to spread the word on this one!

 OP-GAW 
Does the Ragnarok skin concept bring the heat?? 
CRAZY 
That burn from FC Schalke 04 
GAW


They let us Get Together 
Well that really was a crazy 24 hours of giveaways!?
    

Notification squad giveaway 
15 kills for 
3 PLACES ! 
Do you have a favourite skin? Or do you want a Knife? 

--> Ask me for my Price, I'll sell the skins 20-30% cheaper


CRISTMAS-DEAL
ULTRA-GAW
You have an account with only a few Folllower? 
BIG-GAW
Thanks for 200 Follower! 
The winner is 
Big-GAW
Muschimagnet 
Socials!

FB: 
200 Follower GiveAway
New design officially launched on 
22 HOURS LEFT! YOU CAN RECEIVE A DRAGON LORE!

There has been loads of 
500+ tonight
Let's Gooooooo!!!


 in 2018 is all about the end-user >> 
Ok, we see u 
Burn more than the bonfire this weekend with these back-burning exercises!
The Irish for flamingo is 'lasairéan', which translates literally as flamebird. 
Meet the streetwear brand reppin' countries across the African diaspora, 
Pumped up For NYC  !!!
Intern Flight #3 !! ... Night of Hope  here we come !!  
We’ve done it 
Come along today and warm up by the 
Doug delivering the goods 
"This is a tribute to our Hillsborough Survivors to recognise the effort they made to help save others, the suffering they have endured for many years and their courage in supporting the families in their fight for justice..."
Anne Williams the Iron Lady 
"Moon Magic" is off to another 
This from 
Are you ready for our next outing 
No keeper has made more saves in a single Premier League game than David De Gea (14) against Arsenal tonight!

Different class!
i'm all about that 
Finally out: HELDEEP Vibes EP part 2! Make sure to enjoy this one 
The daughter of More Than Ready, CHAIN OF FOOLS makes it look easy 
Who's visiting us for some 
Spice up your week with our 
Sensational day with DELUXE ROCKER leading from pilar to post & making it four wins for the Waterhouse/Bott team 
Baby, it's cold outside. Heat things up with the red puffer jacket for her 
Sire on 
Dramatic raku ceramic firing scenes from Helen Gittins + team at TGLE 
VERY impressive 
 LIVERPOOL - is this your new World Champion?? 
If you know... you know 
There's some amazing Cage Warriors moments in this 
After the toughest fight of her life, 
We're 2 WEEKS away from the biggest night in Belgian MMA history!


Yes sir! 
Amoussou vs Steele remains our 
 BREAKING 
That's all she wrote! 
edward.invictus 
Badr Black longline t-shirt now available from 
And the hits (and kicks) keep on coming. 
 Check out my 
One day left... 
Two days to go... 
Sleep tight, The Reem is coming 
 going to be 
“Come and go with me to my Father’s House.” Team Chapel with 
  can’t stop listening to your ‘Behind Barz’ ... sick! 
anytime you hear my bars its raw greeze 
my guy you kno 
Due to the unbelievable response to tonight’s afterparty, the guestlist is CLOSED...if you are planning on coming down, please arrive early to avoid disappointment
TWO DAYS TO GO
He's the king of the street-game knuckle-hustle. Jorge Masvidal joins the 
Navy's Blue Angels-inspired uniforms 
It’s going down 
Tuesday night rolls with all these killers!!! Today we had 4 black belts on the mat. 
So I remixed 
Lingard's on fire 
Brilliant sparring at the Coldwell Gym!

Woooow that 
Lock in to 
Big ups to our friends 
 6 days to go! 
 behind our house! Hopefully this works!! 
Brand new remix out tomorrow evening! 
 2018 is out today on 
Well I See Y’all Done Got Murda Started Back Up !!!! 
 was 
Monday Motivation 
If ur about in Romford holla catch me performing at 8 so get there 15 mins before say u come to see braveheartlnd and it's 5 pound gone b
Chief support to 
 she's future world champ keep your eyes peeled for 
The track for tonight’s 
Here is the updated Super-Middleweight tournament bracket! 
IT’S THE F•R•I•E•N•D•S 
 fam this is litt 
Ronaldinho makes Gattuso, Pirlo and Maldini look like Sunday League footballers. 
Sneak peek at our 
We'll be open until 4pm today and then late tomorrow for the bonfire in the park 
Virginia Tech continues to have the most lit entrance in college football 
Midfield dynamos - 
Bundesliga 2017/18: With numbers like these, the wings are certain to be 
Not only is 
It's no secret that 
We're getting used to seeing this! 


Hottttt
What’s more cozy than fire, whisky and bbq? Snuggle up tonight our Buffalo House pop up 
Fire on 
A huge shout out to 
 created, pitched and nailed it! Big win at 
Where there's smoke, there's fire! 
and he’s killing it absolutely beautiful 
Besides the 
What a great way to kick off the holidays at the 
Check out my Junior season highlights!!

S/o 
Just had a coffee with 
Dat boy 
Oh the takes are about to be 
Goodness, gracious, GREAT BALLS OF FIRE! 
Wins and losses by that man from Philly!
Season Finale; a smoky, flaming mezcal sipper 
 season is on fire 
Last weekend 
Get our “Kong and Mason” limited edition screenprint by Adan Arellano for just £28 (RRP £40) if you use code PSBLACKFRIDAY over on our store: 
A bit of 
Just put up a demo of this brand new 
Too 
Listen to The Disconnect now on Spotify and Apple Music 
“... - Jean, Professor can fix it!
- I DON’T WANNA FIX IT!”

It's December, so we're turning up the thermostat to 360 degrees of no-scope hotness. 
No more mollys? 
New music coming next week... me and 
And the Band played on !!!! 
We proudly present our team store powered by 
  has won 2:0 against DMF1995
Farewell jams on bonfire night 
Which song from 
Big announcement today! 
345/350 
Free hot chocolate outside the Lair!! Compliments of 
Day 4 of 
 / thank you 
It's time to get your dose of Collegiate 
Our pre MLS Cup ritual consists of a Banh Mi Sandwich from Best of Pioneer Square, Garlic Fries from Ivar’s, & watching our team warm up
New Mavs Gaming handle is 
Yo. All of this. 
Want this 
This Jay-Z/DJ Premier mix by 
LIVE NOW: Will 
Join us tonight for an epic rivalry tonight between 
Join us NOW for this hype 
We're finally live 
Come watch for some spicy memes. Also, the story behind why 
Under 1 hour until we get underway with our next episode of Enclave Interviews. 

This week we'll be talking to 
Stocking stuffer idea: @boyscents candles from @readbetweenthelines 
 Custom Iron Man Kobes for my bro 
5 kirakira please 
Rookie 
While we're young - jhene aiko .... 
Our player to watch from 
Hey, i'm looking for a CS:GO Team or players to build one. French or english speaking people. DM or add me on steam, thanks.

RT please, a man needs a team 
The 2016 NWAC Champs are holding a Western WA Prospect Camp December 17th at 
Reminder that these 
A lite 56 tho 
ONLY 
Tebow speaking true 
COLD BREW BLACK FRIDAY DEAL is LIVE. Get it while it's hot! 
Bringing Big Shaq the heat on FIFA 
Reminder that Champions of Fire will be live @ 10am est 
Get bubblin' with the rump shaker Henry Fong as he returns to 
Heat damage doesn't stand a chance! Our Fructis 
A chilli fiesta? I'm always looking at new ingredients for a new curry recipe I'm working on, so this sounds thoroughly fabulous. Thank you 
Totally random thought… But God got the sky lit 
My girl 
After Wayne Rooney's strike last night, we've been asking for your thoughts on the best Premier League goal ever.

We need to open it up to other leagues. Look at this screamer for 
Just in! 
ATTN AUS! 
DopeBoy Ft. 
SMASH! 
PERFORMING TONIGHT!! 
                    
also 
MixPre-10T sighting in S. Korea via tonemesa! 
Tonite! London is ours 
Last 40 mins on 
Big weekend ahead 
In 2002, Opening Ceremony created its first logo, a nod to the Olympics and its ethos of global exchange. Today, Torch is here
Zomby’s near-mythical Eski grime concept album 'Mercury’s Rainbow', recorded in 2008-2009 and now finally available for public consumption via Modern Love. Limited clear or regular black vinyl inc instant download 
GUYS!
Artwork for 
...A versatile Artiste!... Rave of the moment
LOAAADDDSSS of new music on my 
Full schedule for today's takeover on 
AH ME DAT VIDEO
Make sure you’ve got your tickets for 
MAKE. THIS. BREAK. THE. INTERNET. 
Da Magicial 
Last week’s werk with brothers King Charles, Lucky and Acey 
 #2017

Video credit: jettyman_hainamfano  -  
This new Juls & Burna Boy video tho.... 
Yoo, I ain't missing this one 
New ones from 
On route to 
prepping some shelly annnnn riddims for my set at 
Let's just burn it all down, ladies. 
Last release of the year coming out SOON! 
 Feat 
This insane jam finally has a video. Tomi Thomas is a PROBLEM! 
It was a vibeeee. Big up the dons dem 
Did you catch 
What's happening this week? It all starts here in the theater with BANGKOK INVADERS. HOLD TIGHT!!! 
Tuesday - it’s that time again.... Who’s coming? 
Big up man like 
 History In The Making!
Fuse ODG x Ed Sheeran x Mugeez (preview)
And Yess that's Ed on the chorus in twi!! Wait till u hear full version!!

OUT FRIDAY! Premiere on 
Crazy Cousinz x Yxng Bane x Mr Eazi x Lily McKenzie - No Way [Music Vide... 
Support the new 
Aiii!!! the new 
Supporting the new 
Please Support my bro’s new video 
Always love for 
Woiii the new 
Oi this is a banger!!
  the harmonies are on fire 
Shake your Friday night with 5 new 
Hahahahahaha, can’t wait to sell out my clothing line with you 
You guys the 
 might be over but we've got a 
Alternatesound Live with 
Good music coming your way! 
Alternatesound x Chiny 
"No kissing" live remix  
Pictures don’t do justice! 
 you mad for this one 
Y'all go get that 
  ADM OUT ..... 
We can't wait!!! 
New music coming your way fam!

  next video should be for stay woke abeg 
Chocolate and strawberry, name a better duo 
YEW 
Party ain't a party until 
 
We're give away a pair of ADIDAS ORIGINALS YEEZY BOOST 350 V2 BELUGA 2.0's --- check 
Let's do that again - CMistas 
This is a 
Netherland's 
TRACK OF THE WEEK - KAMILLE - BODY (CONTROL-S REMIX) 
5 straight birdies for Rickie 
it be December 1st and if I'm not ready to 
 found you is a hit
 ‘s perspective of Afro Tech just mad!!!!! 
Jade Sharma 
House Victimz - Butterfly (Feat. Lyrik Shoxen)
Victimized Vol. 1 
New release!
Tonight it’s all about 
Rude Jude X 
Shout out to man like 
A quick jheeze for the Cody banxz massive 
We bring 
Out now
Have you ever heard a 'Beat Like Dis'?!! 
Get your ears round this one by 
OUT NOW !!!  2 WEEK 
Next release on 
 #202 is on 
This week it is time for the 
Full visuals from tonight’s show up tomorrow! Thanks for everyone who turnt UP! 
Back in with 
 thank you this is 
December 8th at Illicit, Vienna.
With these cool cats Roman Rauch 
Need some ammo for your USB's? 

Check out 
Hyped to play 
Leeds crew...

This Saturday we head north to 
Continuing on with my 'all about the music' ethos here is some news: I'll be hosting a Bi-Monthly 
Here's my December gigs! 
December gigs
Bigggg tings from man like 
Wiggle wiggle!! Unicorns and leprechauns tonight is going to be 
In we go, hanging over to my G 
 FRIDAY FRESH MIX 
Don’t forget you can catch this absolute don in the mix for me tonight @ 9PM GMT 
So so psyched to be joined by my extra talented mate 
February can't come soon enough! This is 
The leaked line-up for Reading and Leeds next year is unreal. 
TOUR STARTS TOMORROW!!!

Can’t wait to take this baby out!
Don't miss the amazing 
Tickets for Queens Of The Stone Age at Finsbury Park are NOW ON SALE! 
 NEW COMPILATION: Kitsuné Afterwork, Vol. 1 
Another incredible release from 
lotsa love to 
Contactless is out!
 on a Friday (
I know what your all thinking. Where did I get my hair done! 
 GCN second Sex Issue is out today! 
An abundant sense of warmth created with luxurious layering and vivid 
FEEL THE BERN
So excited to see the final copies! Feeling really lucky to have illustrated this excellent piece of literature 
Fire For The Pitch 
The Chaos Makers 
 GOOD LUCK ALL UOG SPORTING CLUBS IN BUCS WEDNESDAY 
Get around it guys! 
Last night at the 
Bringing 
Sometimes Treat Di Feet 
// FRIDAY // 
Saturday Night back 
Will Post Malone make it 11 weeks at #1? 
Check out my brothers new video out now!! 
New Music coming in 5 days with 
As a chicken nugget connoisseur morleys do the best I've ever had - south London represent 
Ashes fever! 
 The 2 Grand Dig Hill 80 
This Sale is Everything 
I appreciate I'm biased but today's 
Boys working hard in the 33 degree heat! 
 Small breakfast was on fire today 
NEW YORK CITY!! Coming for you in 2 weeks!! Get yo tix & come see me 
I'm on my NY shit.... 
This Saturday!! 
Our Facebook page was just launched
Who's training today? Give this 20 minute full body Workout a go and let's burn some fat 
Walnut and crisp with dark chocolate 
Lady GaGa’s body is EVERYTHING 
Introducing our first fellows 
 SPREAD THE WORD FAR AND WIDE: The 
 “[Flynn] is prepared to testify that Donald Trump directed him to make contact with the Russians”
Training session tonight covering more of the new Breathing Apparatus Policy And Operational Guidance. Technical input complete, now onto practical sessions. 
Arlo looks down at me, and I daren't release the breath I'm holding.
His gaze is so intense, and our connection so strong, it overwhelms me.
I can't let look away, but it hurts to keep looking.
I know in that moment that I can't not be with this man. 
 Catching London, coming Feb 2018, via 
THIS
Dec. issue of 
 wants 
As it is still Black Friday! We are offering up the craziest deal & for the Highest quality of Blockbuster 
Get access to the hottest
So hot! 
 fans follow 
This mouth-watering slow-cooked beef shin, scented with clove and allspice and sweet Mexican chillies, is a new special on the 
3 months. 1 internship. 0 filler. 
This guy just got a Grammy Nomination for Producer of the Year! Wow! Congrats bruv 
Chick P Bites 
I love your work 
SING IT SISTER 
Travelling at over 200km/hr with 
Dilli ki sardi door karne aa raha hai 
Lighting up last weeks 
It's December, so we're turning up the thermostat to 360 degrees of no-scope hotness. 
Lit 
David De Gea is one with the force. 
. Available tomorrow at RF19 in NYC.
I see you bro 
Still burning 
From 
Note to Self:

Don't, on any account, call Rosita 'baby girl' 
Warm up with red hot accessories 
Productive day on set today! ... I’ve learnt so much from the beautiful 
RT & FOLLOW to win this Ian Desmond autographed ball with MLB Authentication. 
Ever feel jealous of people who seem to have it all? Here are 3 steps to use that 
Last night's episode of 
Hops & Oysters!!! The Sixth Engine in DC will be pouring some 
That Colorado Weed got me LIT!! 
Drum Session with 
today was her third birthday.  party was lit 
10% off the limited edition merch for the first 24 hours 
Throw Back to the Fashion Icons of the 80's! 
Drove out from Utah to see 
This what happens when brij shows up to my studio with beats 
Last night, the LA Kings were on fire and so were the tweets 
CYBER SALE IS ON!!!!!! 
DEAD INSIDE - 
ROTTEN YOUTH 
SCREWED FOR LIFE - 
New line out now!! Head over to 
Comment with an emoji if you hate when people tell you to comment with emojis... 
My desk at work stays rowdy when lisneing to 
 some heat came from bandlez once again you guys are going to be killing the game in 2018 
Shout out to 
will be here when you are gone.
friday 
When the dub plate is flames 
This collab!!!
You can't see him, but you can definitely hear him. 
TONIGHT
HARD COPIES ARE IN FOR WINTER BASS 
TODAY

SAN BERNARDiNO

BLAZERS CUP 


**WORLD PREMIERE** of 
That new 
Can't wait to see the 
It’s a heater 
B2B with 
Glad u feeling it!! 
This forthcoming 
 your book is straight 
Who's ready for 
Our Chief Instructor (and Customer Success Manager!) 
Flashback to 
Still trying to get over 
Yes! 
AUSTIN it’s going down tonight at 
 was fucking nuts. 
Also shout out to 
First up on 
The Rap Show's first EVER live 
It's all about Chicago's finest, 
Radio 1's Queen of Techno 
Ahead of 
Cardiff Crew I’m back in town tonight at 
XXXMas with 
HAM ON EMO NITE 
the 
Otw some fire 
We did a artist selection chart for this months 
FINAL business!! 
High Ft. 
Funk, humour, darkness and brute force are all at play here as we're treated to three more floor-burning 
Prod by. 
Proud of my young Detroit Sis 
RT if you loved this episode! 
We’re back TONIGHT with a hot new 
 HEADBANGERS!! 
My boy 
New music coming next week... me and 
if this gets enough retweets ill drop it

800 shooters by Lil Texxan 

show my bro some love comin wit that heat
this SLAPS. i would go crazy on that hoe

Out Now on 
What is this filth destroying my speakers from 
What a performance 
Heat coming out of 
I loved this. Go boys! 
New Smokepurpp x Murdabeatz . Sounding 
Smoke Purpp & Murda Beatz previewing some new music.. 
GON FOLLOW MY SOUNDCLOUD NEW HEAT 
We got too much Heat in the Vault
Coming soon 
FRIDAY 
WE COOKING A BANGER IN HERE 
That cover art 
F*ck the dailymail 
My bootleg also on 
20:00 - 22:00 GMT 


Get down da down down!! 
Yessss nights on the production of my set pace 
NEW FREESTYLE
Nah 
GASSED
A force to be reckoned with - stunning 
Taken from 'Long Time Coming' E.P 
DUE TO A HIGH DEMAND, 
Release date for the 
Live at 
“Nobody” 
This  lady husband in there cheating so she set the damn house on fire 
San Francisco was fire tonight! Two shows  at the Masonic And both were electric. Let's do it again tomorrow night people. Thank you
 vs 
Unbelievable scenes from the wee man. Mr Jones on 
There are some real goal machines on show in the Premier League this week 
Time to lace up with my bay breathers 
Wes Goosen 
Much love to one our favs 
We’re giving you a 
Yeow! Congratulations on your debut album L.A.B. + 
1000 days to go until Tokyo! Bring it on
Ashley young 
For those you haven't seen it yet, here's today's 
Prepare yourselves for tomorrow's 
Yes girl
Thanks to 
FIRE
Happy to have captained 
Oh, the weather outside it frightful, But the fire in Marsh Furlong is so delightful! 
TOMORROW night - 
GOAT - First Car (Official Video) 
I CANT BELIEVE ITS ONLY 2 DAYS TO GO!!!! 
VLOGMAS DAY 3 - 
Oh and new jersey is 
VLOGMAS DAY 2 IS HERE!!! 
Sunday night I’m back behind the decks at 
UCLA scored two goals in four minutes to start the second half. 
Cheers for 3 great shows London, I’ll be seeing you in March 
CYBER MONDAY SALE AY
- 20% off ERRTHANG
- 30% off packs on the back
- Free US shipping over $100 
- $20 for annnnyyy T-shirt

TRY! Holly Myers
 Stop it 
fresh new wheels 
Lethal!! 
We've put together a mix of our favourite releases from this year including tracks from 
GET IN!

The double sub pays off immediately as 
 NRFL Awards race heats up 
This bike. 
Atmosphere at Elland Road last night was 
Young Uncle Phill!!!! Happy birthday to my brother!!!!
Big games need 
19 Goals in 6 games 
Also great to see 
Buzzing to be back at Deepdale tomorrow and looking forward to wearing the new kit! 
Mats Hummels has been asked if he's terrified of Will Grigg 
+ 3 again! 
Denim on denim vibes 
Never been an overall 68 
@redbullrampageofficial is coming... 
Enjoying some 
They burn so good. 
Mood 
 BOSS THAT BASE
 CONTOUR & GO 
"Work relentlessly, don't make excuses, and you'll be surprised at what you can accomplish." 
The new 
As if it couldn’t get any better, 
NYX you are just killin’ it
Harviestoun tap takeover at 
#303's very own 
Loving these new cans from Nottingham’s 
WIN! To celebrate the Nike 'Fire and Ice' collection at Intersport Elverys, we had Alex Oxlade-Chamberlain sign the new Nike Hypervenoms!

Click to enter on FB ➝ 
WIN! To celebrate the Nike 'Fire and Ice' collection at Intersport Elverys, we had 
Fresh bouy 
So about that Ballon d’Or… 
Wooooo kasabian here we come! I’m on fire 
The list of performers of each town is lit 
Yesterday was 
As well as 
 | It's about to be a Detty December
Great meeting up with 
{100% Naija}
Sounds from the West Side 
DanceHall vibezzzz 
What songs are buzzing on the street ??? Tune in to 
Some nights just call for a whiskey! Enjoying this 
15 mins in!!
We are at no8...spreading like a virus
Fela is back 
 Freestyling right now On The 
Heavy Tune 
We have 
 Right Now 
Stamina Daddy 
Big one bro 
Deshinor - New wave 
I dey tehhh you! 
- regranned from pat_eeee -  Belinda lyrics on  point.... - 
Now out on all digital platforms and music blogs worldwide. Wombolombo skilaaa 
NOW OUT 
 been dropping those hits 
Lookin' for a smooth way to kick-off this long weekend?

Tune in right now to the 
15 | 12 | 17 is the date!!! EP loading 
We've been waiting for that fire g
The Renaissance experience  is gonna be bigger and better than ever 
Arsenal Got The 
GBEWA VIDEO OUT NOW!!. Link in my Bio 
The show is so lit 
Hold the phone! Have you seen tomorrow's comedy lineup? 
See you next weekend, 
You brought the 
Possibly the best live act I've seen 
CONGRATS 
$10 PayPal 
New Day New Upload by 
Thanks for all the follow backs
Get her to 10k views! 
Stuff is getting real tonite the connection is back w/
I’m LIVE from the StreamerZone at Dreamhack Winter 2017! Let’s get it 
Rewarding 20 people who Retweet & Follow 
New cut offs are in store right now for Summer 
New merch & savings, coming this Black Friday 
 Arranca 
New hoodie hype! Which color do you prefer? 
Magic trick level 99999 
Relive the 2017 
 League Moments drop!! You can now find Sapphire 
I Promise Y’all Are Gonna Dance Yall Miinds Off When This Album Drop 
15 kills for 
Second in the East, we showcase the 
"Double Dutch" 
While there might not be a Bailey with its smoke, the 
Big 3 points last night. These two guys were on fire 
Holla at 
  question from Fox News (!!) : Why should we find Moore's accusations very troubling, but ignore those made against president?
DRS wide open 
Nice Start
warming up at the fire! 
TCR is lookin good for 2018
Straight 
The man's on 
With the guys at the LA motor show for the presentation of the the new RT24-P. The car is 
Those moves! 
 and we fancy something SPICY, what would you load up on yours? 
 Want to win 31 days of Habbo Club? 
It's the 
MAKE SURE TO CHECK OUT MY YOUTUBE VIDEO! Link in the bio! 
t’s almost payday which means PARTY time!

Metal & Prog top picks this month include 
SUPPORT ANNOUNCEMENT

This from 
CREATURE available everywhere now, check it 
 Hook & Sling festival was amazing!! So much talent under one roof!! 
 | Great goal from Louis Dennis to get the ball rolling today!!

All the goals 
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW 
Wow! Live version of 'Glasshouse' by 
Hot
 we’ve got breaking news... 
NEXT WEEK 
It's a dreamland... It's 
This damn year just won't stop giving - Something More 
my album is out 
NEW YORK!! 

I am doing a meet & greet today at 11.30-12.30 at Amazon’s Champions of Fire 
Work was great this week. Find out what I've been working on tomorrow 
Amazing performance from 
Obsessing over 
BLACK FRIDAY DEALS 
 After 
'With the night’s ridiculous line-up, unlimited glittery confetti and huge Elrow-style balloons falling from the roof, it’s easy to see why La Discotheque is known for throwing a really, really good party' 
More Love 
60 World Renowned DJ's!
6 Days & Nights of House Hedonism! 
These shots from 
Izzie Murray improves on her morning swim with a new LIFE BEST time of 1:59.67 in the 200 Fly. Murray finishes 12th overall at USA Winter Nats! Last one, fast one for the Huskers 
Izzie Murray smashes her previous personal best, touching in a new LIFE BEST time of 1:59. 77!!! She will be the #11 seed in the consultation finals of the 200 Fly! 
Senior captain Jordan Ehly finishes 16th overall at USA Winter Nats and drops her morning life best to a 1:01.62!!! 
Mary Travers, who in 1834 owned the tavern where Newfoundland's very first House of Assembly session was held. When the government failed to pay rent, she evicted the legislature and seized Speaker's chair, hat, mace of the Sergeant-at-Arms, desks, books and papers. 
trading modeling tips over matcha w/ 
fall attire on 
NEW EP: 
Lurv 
HOLY SHIT THIS IS AWESOME! It’s like 
What a f**king concert this was 
Here’s Laurence getting all fired up! We’re looking forward to seeing you all later! .. 
THE BOULET BROTHERS 
GINGERBREAD version of this favourite is on tap now and tasting splendid 
On the train to 
We'll never, ever, EVER get enough of 
Perfect night for a rainbow fire. 
That is absolutely disgusting from futsal legend Falcao. 
Just wrapped up an awesome week in the studio w/ 
Incredible 
Last Day 
My instasnap is on 
tickets for 
It’s going down at DECADANCE tonight /w 
Welcome to SA intl whisky folk! Looking fwd to dramming with you all at 
Done a mix for my homie 
Straight heat! 
Brighton crew... we aint forgot ya!!! Big big line up 
Playboy x 
The album is out! So I'm giving away this 
Most Wokest Badman Of 2017
So good I’ve listened to it twice today!
Ep 21 
This sex is on fire 
Awesome set for you here from 
 I’m super excited to hear about the upcoming January, California shows!!!!! Got my tix for all 5 shows! 
Zomby’s near-mythical Eski grime concept album 'Mercury’s Rainbow', recorded in 2008-2009 and now finally available for public consumption via Modern Love. Limited clear or regular black vinyl inc instant download 
maddd 
Last night tho 
Polk County!!! Cypress Lanes tonight 10pm- 2am Gon have the spot jumpin
Catch the homies 
Ending an unimaginable year of boxing with an 
2017 was 
Triple threat collaboration between 
Excited to be a part of this 
How we feeling about this one guys? 
Ready for the weekend?!?!
Here is the Enhanced Progressive 300 Minimix! 
Everybody Asks Us About The Lyrics So Enjoy! 
Congrats to the homies 
Can’t wait to do my first 
Bleach starting to sting.
Do it. Do it. Do it 
Check out this video from 
That ball was smoked 
This Sunday 
 track 'We Are Fire' has been added to our Emerging: The Hot List playlist 
Maria Iside Fiore is performing the last song of the evening, and she's closing on a very high note! 
: the always STUNNING 
Harden with the nutmeg 
Stay Gold, 
Just like the album, this video is 
Who's crowd going to be this 
Fabio LIVE is back, and these tickets will sell out quickly !!! Grab your ticket today, and I'll see you on December 17 at 
Meatloaf is taken to a whole new level with 
Prince Harry - you really are the man. What a women she is 
A good friend and a legend of English Futsal getting a golden cap during half time at Wembley tonight. 100 England Futsal appearances requires a huge amount of commitment and dedication to the sport. Not to mention he’s got over 50 goals....
Portland got to witness the Boogie show! 
Hi friends-whilst I’ve not been tweeting R/W and I have been busy at a 12 Pump 
IT IS FIRE 
Hot deals on +Farm equipment coming up at 
Valiant caps are 
The sour brite glow up 
 Race day with 
Goodness yes! It’s also the scourge of all domestic interiors. Gets everywhere. Won’t go away unless you 
What it is and why it's HOT!
U16 BB lose to a well-drilled 
YEAR 7 HOUSE BADMINTON
After a fortnight of competition, the results are in...
1st - Ignis 
Monday fuel 
We're still thinking about 
Happy Halloween! This jack-o-lantern is 
  why you so fire tho 
You allready know what you should be bumping right some 
Driver of the day definitely 
UNITED we are on 
10 3FG’s on 13 attempts!! I’ll leave the math to you & 
Creating the perfect 
What do y’all think of the “Glow in the Park” 
Aye 
Bringing the 
Check out my EXTREME SPICY RAMEN NOODLE CHALLENGE w/ 
Ayo! Listen to new fire from 
This T.J. Zeuch two-seamer from last night 
It's even more 
Can you say 
Of course, Ronald Acuna headlines the final AFL Hot Sheet 
Some good news for 
Christmas came a little early this year! 
s/o to 
It’s Glove Day and 
S/o 
Yeaaa tone!!! 
Tooooooo nice!!!! 
Dreher straight 
 tonight 12 midnight
Cuh 
 True Freshman 
RT to give these 
Flying in style 
1H 3:12 | Bears 28, Gaels 36
Senior to senior connection 
Boom!!
When your workout lit 
Tyreek on the mic 
Atlanta native 
Looks like the 
If you coach a HS athlete, know a HS athlete, are the parent of a HS athlete or are a HS athlete...
read this / send it to them. 

That 9-1 MOOD. 
I watched this like 3 times back to back. It felt like an actual music video. Y'all killed that. 
This upcoming 
WE JUST HEATING UP’ 
New jersey
"Thisss giiirl is on fiiirrreee." - Alicia Keys on Mallory Comerford (probably) 
Looking ahead toward this weekend’s 
ITS GAME DAY IN PENSACOLA!!!!! First conference game of the season @ West Florida. Tip-off at 3:00pm EST  
Feelin’ good on 
Back to back wins in Bellingham for the Lady Blazers!! Big time game tonight by senior Taylor Buie with 22 pts!! 
It’s finally GAME DAY in Bellingham, WA!!!!!! Tip-off is at 5:00pm PST 
Thank you to the Buie family for preparing an incredible Thanksgiving dinner for the team! We loved it 
One more day ‘til 
Conference opener is 3 days away!

All new gallery now available from last weekend’s VSU Thanksgiving Classic! 
MBB: Today’s starting five. 
BLAZERS WIN!!! 
Newcomer Kendra Green accounted for six of the 
Back in Action today @ 4! Come check us out!  
WBB: BLAZERS WIN!!! The 
You already know what it is. Great win tonight 
WBB: BLAZERS WIN!!! 
2 days. Tick tock... Tick tock... 
LGP Qua is on the come up in Philly 
Snag your tix online and save a few bucks on 
Who's coming to the 20th anniv listening party of Bjork's 
feel the lit 
Tonight we've got five teams out at the 
Light tress all year round with this great Xmas present. 
WH source: Trump was FURIOUS to learn calls to remove him from office by invoking 
Fierce, indeed. That view is 
SECRET SHOW 
Secret show 
We asked Huda Elmi about Black History Month. She didn't hold back! 
TORY GLASTO GUYS


Crazy pregame 
Major moments of glamour in the western Canada! Rocking 
 tonight!!! It's Mr. Deuxluxe's birthday, come party at 
Good luck from your fans in Cleveland, 
Stop What You’re Doing and Watch This 
EXPLOSIVE FANS KILLER VENUE 
mzflybeautician this that hotness!!! 
Showcasing beauty... 
Pick your fav!!! 
Sexy, sophisticated, and stylish. 
Learn to work with a collaborator and make some 
ANTI The Movement
Wow, that was 
OI OIIII INDOOR PETS R MY FAVE BAND NOW (not Get Inuit)
We've got a couple shows coming up with 
Woke Tree Hill
ALL TICKETS ARE ON-SALE NOW for the final leg of the “Party In the Valley” Tour!!
It's the season for cosy fireside  evenings 
Keep warm this 
The Irish were 
Always good to see the homies 
Dancers: 
Have a Blazing Bonfire Night!   
Never tried kiln dried before? Then you are in for a wood burning treat! 
 registration is so 
 Applications for our 
Mans Not Hot  
Why do content strategists LOVE their job?

They love telling stories. 

They understand the power that great content can have.

They want to impact the lives of others, & have a great career.

Here's your career guide on 
Parte del trabajo realizado en PR junto a 
Don't quit. Never give up trying to build the world you can see, even if others can't see it. Listen to your drum. - Simon Sinek 
Plymouth Bonfire Night 
 at 
Great night as always at 
INGRID GOES WEST nominated for two Spirit Awards: Best First Time Screenplay and Best First Time Feature. Congrats 
Scenes from lastnight at 
On Route to Bristol for a cheeky night out ready for tomorrow night 
 to 1888 when Gotlieb Daimler invented the first gasoline-powered fire-fighting pump - two things you probably wouldn't have put together! 
COMIC BOOK RETAILERS
ATTN: RETAILERS & READERS
Fab footage from 
Tomorrow it’s gonna be hot 
Our Facebook page was just launched
Starting tomorrow, I’ll be at Tokyo Comicon all 3 days! I’ve got issues of Mech Cadet Yu on hand and will be furiously drawing commissions
Also the reaction you make when you're named Player of the Match! 


Top Bins 
Really looking forward to welcoming our competition winner 
Sooo lovely to meet you tooo!! Thank you so much!! Always love meeting lovely manc people (that fur was 
Absolutely outrageous line-up to mark our 
 You'll probably be the best GitKraken user in town after checking out these 11 GIFs: 
 We've released GitKraken v3.3! GitKraken now integrates with 
Had an epic time yesterday at 
 With your help, we passed Title II net neutrality protections. Now we need to defend it. 
God Bless us, Everyone!
・・・
Gather round the fire 
WBB I EIGHT IN A ROW 
Poll: this jacket is... 
Great start to our weekend with an egg white 
Progressive will never die 
hahahaha see you there
Proud of my 
Heat things up this week with our Sizzling Soy Chicken 
Our Malaysian Coconut Shrimp is red hot 
Honored to be SI top fashionable athlete in the 
 BOOM 
something's coming tomorrow...
 FIVE GAMES IN A ROW. Here's number 25 for Brown!  1-0 Ports.
The Michigan secondary 
Straight ballers 
Special message from 
Best coaches from SoCal and best players from SoCal will be at USC December 16th 
Dropped a few exclusive IDs last night at 
About the weekend... 
But honestly, 
2v2 
Our latest remix of 
Don’t forget to check out the live performance of 
Finally you can check out 
Hope you are as excited as me! 
 Remixes out tomorrow! Including one by none other than 
Thank you for participating in the Ultimate DJ Set List Challenge! Winners: Alyssa, Arian & Karen! You will be notified via email 
This iPhoneX is amazing 
Committed! 
ALL OF ZE HUGE-NISH! 
BIGGUN this one 
Let's go fellas!!!!
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% off SITE WIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
 listen to my b2b set with 
 always brings the 
How could somebody actually hate 
 at Jackedd, it’s gonna go OFFFFSKIIII 
Seriously excited to let 
This video of Latmun smashing Printworks has got us hyped for next Sat at Dryden Street Social 
Less than 2 weeks till party time... Cannot wait for 
WARRIORS WIN!! 
NEW Exclusive Arrivals 
 dawg I can’t wait !
Paradise at 
Manchester artist 
One of the summer’s biggest tracks; ‘Rhythm Breaker’ by 
Touched down in Manchester. Straight to 
ICYMI: "Insecure in the House. Amanda seales so funny . Total blackout tour. DC first show was 
 Music is all fire 
Epic scenes from ABODE at 
We are buzzing to announce that we have added a SOLARDO sessions tent to ABODE in the park festival 
New heat from 
 the below clip to get an exclusive message from 
! Let’s go!
New lyric video from 
Somebody get this guy a mint 
 absolutely murdered this new mix 
It’s going down at the DC Eagle TONIGHT with 
 2018. July 27-29. Save the date. 
HOT97 SUMMER JAM TOKYO EXCLUSIVE
Young bulls got the juice 
Junior season highlights coming soon...
Upcoming winter tour dates 
Visit our on-campus store for pins (only $1!). Beanies and more in store and online at 
Today, our front page is fully dedicated to calls to fight the many disastrous provisions of the 
ACL Live gonna burn tonight!!

Turnpike Troubadours in the ATX!

Can't wait, 
Senior Szn Highlights 
Coogs looking like 
Wake up 
Dope. 
Our new custom 
We are live at 
Our Director Lucy Batley on stage with 
Tropical Futurism Takeover 
That shirt is 
 Top 4 de Apple Music
Chambea goes tooo harddd
CHAMBEA OFFICIAL VIDEO WITH THE NATURE BOY!!! WOOOOO!
We're so excited for our 
KaratCo. Ft. TurpinTime 
Best Bodies 2017 is here & holy smokes, these bodies are on fire. 
What a night of 
"Match made in heaven" 
There's certainly a few contenders in here 
THE REAL 
Thought the Moana playlist was good until I saw Trolls. Trolls playlist is 
SWEET 16 
We may not be live but we still made the show tonight with some HOT beef jerky. 
Looks like all the action is in Lake County tonight.
That was clean 
Don't sleep on those September nights, we still have a week of summer 
Digital health is on fire 
All these people doubted me, all of a sudden now they believe... Juice be spitting 
 and more 
We see you Marcus in the 'SB Fitness' Golden Wave colorway tights on!!! 
 While you're doing some 
Honestly you have so many but when it comes to those riddims I like bookshelf and up close 
King of the dancehall 
MOOD 
That track!! 
Coach 
WAKE UP IT'S GAME DAY
HOT TICKET ALERT
I mean!! 
 - Ncese 
Thank You for The Album 

Ekse 
The song is a jam 
 With The Bars
I AGREE... please do

 you are a flame 
 available on iTunes 
 on the 9th of December come through its going to be LIT 
 danm
 is an album for every mood and emotion. Put yourself on 
 What you did with 
 will be at 
POP BOTTLES
Tired as Hell  still have Club Icon in soweto Tonight  Phalaborwa  Phangeni Vibes was INSANE
the ending of that song is 
Few days left 
Marvel is just in top
Aunty - 
Imagine watching 
 smokin’ 
 ft 
Ladies & Gentlemen, The 
Itchuuuuu
From Swag Demonstration to 
Priddy Ugly situation
TODAY !!! 
Yal heard though?!!!! BigStar Johnson dropping a full Album in the first quarter of 2k18!!!!!
Taking it to the top floor 
The shit that I did 
This my shit 
“Black Girls Kasi, White folks say Hood” 
Pull Up. 
  sefolosha is a classic
 loving the proggy vibes bro! Who’s on the mix? 
This Sunday come join us 
Special s/o to our brother 
Durban, you were never ready! We about to party every Tuesday hosted by 
We at it again this Thursday when 
Sunday we at it
Only 2 days left till The 
You asked for it and we delivered 
2 days left until 
This weekend is Tooooo Litttt 
After the party is the after party which will be happening 
Catch the 
Honey Pot!! Congratulations 
Almost time for radio!! 
 is fire 
 slayed the 
rt if you believe Distruction Boyz will go Gold 
Doors for 
Holy shit I just heard this new 
GOD
We stole King George from 
Hatch green chiles roasting on an open fire 
"You must be ready to burn yourself in your own flame; how could you rise anew if you have not first become ashes?" Friedrich  Nietzsche 
Because that shit was 
New secondhand arrivals hitting the shelf now 
3 Dec: Some crafty business going on at 
Ohhshiiit 
@harrisstantoncomedy & I are about to set 
The wee man 
Just catching up on 
A father consoles his son on pre-match injury disappointment but 
Facebook live!!! NOW!!!! I’m on RIGHT NOW!!!! MUST WATCH!!!!
What a night again at Scotstoun! The boys and support were unreal. So much fun playing in front of a noisy crowd. And what about Niko... 
These combos look insane! 
TONIGHT WE GOING LIVE IN 
KC!!!!!!  Look who's back!  you gotta check out our girl 
Class to play my first game back and to somehow get the win. Some absolute scenes at the end
Don't sleep!!! 
NEW SINGLE FOR YO WHIP!!! 
Kicked it w/ 
FREE EP: Anonymous Inc. ( 
Wishing everyone sitting in for the 
The Biggest Party in Pinetown 
Whoop whoop 
 Fire - 
People can watch the full 
Towson's Mike Morsell called championship 
We are loving the 
 Hot stuff:

MTK Global pleased to announce the appointment of 
 that new 
Wanna get swanky? There you go! Our newest EP Get Swanky is OUT NOW! Check this out!
Yo Minsk! Have you been waiting for this? 
Do you know what it is? It’s a new track produced with our brothers 
New release on SHOWLAND available NOW! 


Our official video on the newest release 'One Million Dollars' is OUT NOW! Enjoyed the track? Check out the video! 
December 10th. Pattaya, Thailand 
The aftermovie of the 
Label bosses 
Who's coming to party with us? 
LINEUP ANNOUNCEMENT
This just hast be a killer collab.
OUT NOW: 
This was the Maxximize Label Night [ADE 2017] - thanks for being part of an unforgettable evening! 
This is how it went down at the Maxximize Label Night!! 
1 DAY LEFT!! My brand new track 'Mantra' will drop tomorrow on 
Get money tomorrow youngin.
Early Bird Tickets Sold Out!
Phase 2 Tickets Available until Dec 31 2017 
What's your favourite tune? 
BURN IT DOWN, LADIES 
You heard it first on 
 been doing that since we was in high school. It's only the beginning 
What an AMAZING Day 1 of 
Big win for the 
Pandemonium at the stage door! We have the BEST fans. 
Brilliant time at 
It was a superb evening. Thank you 
Need MORE Official 
I can finally show the full 
College rejection has never looked so 
The amazing movie cast, the author, the director, and the 
Follow me on Instagram @ Saucee_lord
Stay war ready
TRY!!!!!! 
That is absolutely unreal skill from 
Watching the start of the 
Can CODE VEIN get any better, you ask? YES! How about ufotable creating the opening animation for the game! 
GET READY FOR SOMETHING SUPER 
A new style of kamehameha?!!! Ultra Instinct Goku Vs Super Saiyan Kefla was EPIC 
our loves 
 JUST ANNOUNCED: 
WOK - A$AP ROCKY // CAMP FLOG  GNAW 
DETROIT TONIGHT!! So hyped to be heading back to my sweet hometown to kick off this 2-show Michigan home run. Let's get it!! SOO much new 
'Super 7 Volume 8' is LIVE 
I present to you your  'Super 7 Volume 8' LINE-UP 
One of my favorite singers and long time collaborator 
The heavy shit I've been writing is gonna be 
rolling up now to middle east club boston to throw down with my boy 
This time last night 
 was absolutely amazing, here’s a little taste of 
Want to be great?


 tonight w/ 
madness 
This fires me up, crush that midterm! 
 dropping that 
Mixed by 
 really out here making fire, even the haters are conforming
I got it is out everywhere! Stream it on spotify and purchase it on iTunes. You won't regret it. I don't think it's possible 4 
Trippie Redd previewing a new song. Sounding 
Tee Grizzley shows off his new chain. 
To celebrate the release of 'LYM', both 
 Head to Factory this weekend, and cut the queues with our GUESTLIST 
 UberMan2 Out Now 
Thanks for your support 
My official 
Bruhhhhhh 
So in Love with this one 
Yknow it's a good night when 
Dont sleep on 
Massive love to everyone who caught our set last night at 
DON & HEX return with a PACKED show filled with exclusives like NOTHING NEW by DROPGUN Ft. KALEENA ZANDERS! 
One of those weekends again!!!!

The Top Producers to Watch Out For in 2018 List is Finally here!


 was so sick !!! 
Tomorrow night on 
 FUNK CANNON
       America Tour
      (THE MOVIE)
        OUT NOW! 
NEW VIDEO! 
NEW VIDEO!!
FIRE DRUM SOLO LIVE! 
AUSTRALIAN/NZ TOUR
Are you ready to be beautifully bedazzled at tomorrow’s 
Cumbia // Latin // Tropical Bass // Gypsy // Balkan Brass // Tropical Funk // High life // Disco // Bassline // Garage // Jungle 
Yoooooo! My boy 
1 week to go til this 
 Griffin is the best player in the country 
Kid is a Straight Beast 
Tune in tonight 7:30pm 
“You pushed us into the ghetto, and no, you can’t have it back.” 
Tonight Fool's Gold celebrates their 10 year anniversary with Day Off at 
This Saturday Fool's Gold celebrates their 10 year anniversary with Day Off at 
Dec 5th Klang 
Here’s Daphne Oram on how to approach music that initially violates your expectations 
This important collection now back in stock 
Next Locomotrix events: 
TODAY 
Friday night 
IT'S HERE! Presenting: The 
Our second Brooklyn secret show was 
Last night was 
You need to add this one to ya playlist fam. 'Here to stay' out now 
Cheyenne Jackson finds love on the dance floor in a new movie musical 
how good are 
Catch me this Sunday on photo and MC duties alongside 
WATCH: @CottonOn_Africa’s 
Thanks for the feedback! RT 
Shoutout to the big homies for a crazy 
Our new single Hot Streak 
Lit interview with 
How long is the wait right now? 
ST
Hyped to release the remixes of 
I ain't partying, I'm watching 
Yooo 
Been working on some costume designs/character sketches for a new project! Will have some more info soon 
Today we launched a major update 
Keep the fire Matthew! 


“If my friends here want to give a tax cut to the middle class, why don’t we give a tax cut to the middle class? Why don’t we put the money directly there?” -
 is here and the groom 
10 From the Academy who helped break the record.
Your hashtags, check-ins, likes, and posts give insight into your social habits, activities, and interests. 
*Listen*
How 
Social Media Powered by 
Just modified the clutch on my 
WORLD FAMOUS 
Loving my pops!!!! 
Psyched to be hanging with the rvcaskate team in da islands!!! 
We out here raging w/ 
My pops!! 
Praying that tonight will be filled with Your presence!!! 
Last Bonus show of the year on Wednesday at 
 catalog has sick shit
PSA: If any other visiting teams want to have extra days off in Vegas before playing us, we're sure we could help line up some 
The fire road assassin....
 sssworldcorp first collection ALOHA FROM HELL is now available on 
 store takeover of 
Come out to Cary St. Gym tonight at 8pm to see the FIJI vs T Chi Basketball game! 
Check out the new adidas Snowboarding  edit ATAGGE GEISTERFAHRER with 
 Hot off the press: “LALA World Pre ICO Bonanza!!” 
 Hot off the press: “A Message From Our CEO” 
 Hot off the press: “LALA World Partners COSS.io Exchange For Pre-Sale!!!” 
 Hot off the press: “AIRDROP BONUS ENDS IN 24 Hrs!!!” 
 Hot off the press: “AIRDROP & REFERRAL BONUS!” 
 Hot off the press: “Congratulations! Whitelist Application Approved!” 
the pre-chorus of "One Foot" tho...
:: PREMIERE :: 
This is maddd! Haha 
Yesssssir this is 
Tune in as dive into some free + easy music promo tips. You don't want to miss out on these. 
WORD IS OUT' new original en route on 
To all Central Regioners- have an amazing time at 
We dropped a new collection today! 
Keep your competition game strong this summer with these tips from 
 Got it waayyy lit rn 
 yooooooo!!!!! 
 THE  BEARD 
A new career high for 
Fresh off her 
11/30/2018 SFP Insider: Clawback Provisions
 booth at 
Welcoming Teachers from all around 
White hot 
CONGRATS again! And the nails are 


Back-to-back 
12-2 run for the Orange over the last 1:43 
WE LIT 
 PULL UP NOW TO BLUE IN THE VISTA 721 LADY ST! 
That was straight 
 store now up until 11/7. Get authentic 
This is AMAZING Work!
I love it, it's just on point. Keep it up
CHARLESTON - Join me Tonight for 
CHARLESTON - Join me Tomorrow for 
It has happened! So P-S-Y-C-H-E-D 
Due to high demand: limited edition single day tickets available starting today! Combi still available 
Time flies when you're having fun! Only 4 more weeks until the best 3 days and nights this November 
So excited to have Omar S, Move D, 
NYE > Nottingham 
 with 
Blonde mesh is 
Blonde and Red Signature Series Catchers Mitt 
 Red / Royal / Yellow Signature Series Pancake Training Glove
 This is still completely the case. 
we are so stoked 
 Take A Stand Against Bullying! ~60% of kids and teens today have been bullied in school or on social media! 
made some headway with my fire building ability today  ...
That's EXACTLY what happened, and you're right, it's incredibly rare these days. It's because we have a fanbase that messes with the whole album, not just the singles 
5 hours left! Did I mention that there are 2 new shirts to choose from? 
This lineup! 
Tonight's show is going to be awesome! 
MAJID JORDAN & KAMAIYAH ADDED TO THE LINEUP.
Vices x 
Have you entered to win this 
RT IF YOU WANT ALL THIS 
 felt this one bro 
TrueStoryGee on Spinrilla. 
No Place Like HOME 
WHOLE LOTTA THIS FLAVA DROPPIN DEC 1st
 DELUXE OUT NOW 
2 days away... me and 
 “Shannon’s Boy” just might be the biggest Mixtape leading into the new year. hosted by 
Shannon’s Boy out now! 
Shannon’s Boy Tomorrow. 
Yesss bae!!!
mannn that RARE like that 
favorite song on da album
All I gotta say 
Drop that shit much needed
Let's go 
Drop this shit fam! 
May the dreams of your past be the reality of your future 
 November 27th 
My franns. 
Why STEM? Watching 
Having an immigrant mentality | 
Boost Up weekend contest winner! 6 Boost Up activations in 2 days! 
 Now that’s the perfect 
ball from yesterday
NEW SPOTLIGHT
 WOW...Last Second THRILLER !! Rancho Verde v St. Francis | CIFSS Championship Game
The whole hood is out today 
Keep ballin Blaine
This is so satisfying 
Final, 6th Grade Southeast Regional Finals

GFL 28 
GMSAA 0

GFL LB Bryce Banks with 2 INT’s 
Black Friday in South 
DeSoto girls basketball right now = 
Andre Ball starting off the senior season 
Will Pluma finding Andre Ball on the alley 
In case you missed Andre Ball’s game winner 
What. A. Half. 
Can't miss in Madtown. 
The top four projects we’re listening to this week. 
Thanks for coming through and performing while we were in the 
Im from the LAND OF THE TRILL 
New Visual
Folks, Colorado State just unveiled some straight 
Single Mothers are for Grown Men, ONLY! Now on presale -> 
Senior Portraits! 
Thank you to all the students and fans who showed up and represented yesterday! 
Chautauqua Democrats are fired up and ready to get out the vote to elect Mike Ferguson & LeeAnn Lazarony on Tuesday 
The boi trev rich opening up with migos and young thug on the rocks
 always making 
Excited to be in Milwaukee with our Wisconsin family! Thx u 
We are catching 
Federal St. In Camden is where it's at... CRAZY LIT TODAY
Surprise, surprise... IoT is 
 is on 
When you walk into a 
What's the one thing you need to overcome challenges as an entrepreneur ? 

Sharing thoughts w / 
Looking forward to presenting on “Sizzlin’ Social Media” at 
AFC North has young bucks bringing the heat 
No greater pleasure than to speak at my home church: Shiloh’s BOLD Conference was 
Stay Woke ‘ Stay Lit 
 My new site and designs are up! Check it out now at 
 CIF championship game ‘ 
Say what ya want about 
Preaching tomorrow? Giving a talk soon? It's not too late to run it through this 7 part filter to make it 
A winning attitude is very contagious I
Gold Box 
 Deal Alert! 
BLAKE 
Jojo Cooper is heating up 
Knott Arena was 
Wagner freshman forward Nigel Jackson caught 
Our President 
 was 
Nneka Ezeigbo's starting to get going 
MEET THE COLONIALS TONIGHT LETS GET LIT 
She got everything 

They are killing it
And she’s only just getting started 
Guess who is lighting up 
A sneak peak at the 
3 HOURS REMAINING 
ERICKSON IS 
phuck! 
Action Bronson and Alchemist acting crazy at Village Underground 
Just finished judging WOTM. Great projects by 
Just finished judging WOTM.
My personal faves 
This concert last night was 
The lineup all week 
“Your outside may not say their name. But your inside can't imagine life without them.”

FOX's promo for Saturday's game is 
Turns out I've been living in Flavortown the whole time 
Toledo Recap: 10 OL play in 38-10 W on SR. night
6 record 2+ knockdowns, unit had 23
Off ran for season high 393 yards, 4 TDs

JERSEY NIGHT
ITS HAWAIIAN NIGHT 
New England. New bikeshares. Same old guy coming up with the tweets...

Check our map for the fancy new 
Justin Ahrens (
Ohio State’s new grey alternate jerseys are fire
Straight fire by me 
David Silva caps the comeback as Manchester City defeat West Ham for a joint record 13th consecutive Premier League win. 
How many goals for Mohamed Salah this season? 
Enjoying the Beet Borani 
Are you fire 
Love it 
When you get to hold the World Cup medal 
Brand New Video: AN INCREDIBLE ADIDAS FOOTBALL TOURNAMENT!!!!! OUT NOW 
Boys are on fire 
Check out and download 
Five 
2 goals yesterday but could have been 6. Evasive hat-trick. 4-1 two weeks on the bounce 
 Easter registration is on 
Side note that New ChellaH  produced by Zaytoven “Look At Me” 
This guy has been on flames 
Buzzing for this one! Arsenal v Man United 
Navy's Blue Angels-inspired uniforms 
Killeen TX Meet Me Tonight @ Club Tabu Bih.... I'm Performing Live In Concert 2night Bih!!!!! 
You thought you were getting a new season of 
Ready for this 
Listen to Mike Smiff "Chase Dis Money" by Mike Smiff 
New Boogie alert 
Just got put on to this dude 
New music alert 
Should He Drop This Yes Or No!!!! 
THIS WHY I GO HARD FOR MY DOG 
 On The Way!!!! 
This shit fire 
Big win for the lads today as they ran out 13-2 winners against a Burton Albion development side this afternoon 
When It Get Real Officially On 
After I Play My Worship Music In The A.M.. This Be On Repeat 'What's Ya Life Like' Shyt Sliding 
Whats Ya Life Like (feat. Koly P & Freese Cola)
ON REPEAT 
Unbelievable day
That bih Mirror-Monk raw 
It may be crowded x10 but the dance floor at the 
(New Playlist) DJ Sylent - S.O.D Week 2 Playlist  Out Now Available On 
NEW!! 
Blacc Zacc 
People who don't like 
Every time 
Got that autographed Bandana and Jersey today 
Gone be 
Big win for us tonight and on unsy’s last game he fully deserved that, hopefully we can kick on now , and 
Good win last night, just what we needed , great goals 
That feeling when MORE 
The QB-TE combo playing in New York is on 
It's about to get LIT 
Ft 
Former USC great 
Abdulghany slices her deficit to 2 thru 12 while Corpuz (thru 7) & He (thru 7) also 2down.Ree 1up at turn, Manthena on 
3rd & 16!! 
Kelly Bryant on 
Since Luis Suarez made his Barcelona debut, MSN have together scored 241 goals for Barcelona 
Out of the darkeness into the light 
Goal machine 
Man like rust 
BOOOOOOOOOOMM!! 
BOOOOOOOOOOOOOMM!! 
BOOOOOOOOOOOOMM!! 
The new Nike Flyknit Ultras... 
COMPETITION
The Arm Super-set of the week with 
**READY!? 50% OFF EVERYTHING STOREWIDE!!! GO!!!!**
Max Effort’s Black Friday is here!!  Tell your friends, tell your family, tell everyone!
Receive 50% off STORE WIDE! This will be an automatic deduction! 
Special Edition Thanksgiving 
My brother! 
Live Now, Fly Later 
Oh boy 
I love highlighting some of the causes I’m passionate about...check it out!! 
We’re open hasta las 5pm with the hottest items 
Get that 
Come hang with 
BANG, The HOMIE!!!!! 
Derek Barnett is just heating up 
 If your in Houston come to 
Max Schaaf
MONTCLAIR Tonight!!! There'll still be some tickets at the door, countdown to the rager
Hot enough in here for you?... During this LA heatwave going nocturnal 
 off the press! We have our FIRST student-run newspaper! La Stampa Frassati will be published quarterly by Frassati Catholic students.


throwback carti
I'm teaching at 
Hi guys! i'm teaching at 
If y’all aren’t hip to 
I’m doing a 14 Day Unity Challenge with 
Always remember—at any moment, it can all go up in flames… 
Sound of the Sun! 
"Believe you can and you're halfway there."
SO excited to announce our faaave girl Caroline Smith will be opening up the shows in LA and SF on 12/8 and 12/9. she'll be rockin a solo set and u won't wanna miss it 
Liberty Walk 
Remix Way 
Peep that new 
Gorilla warpaint mask 
We came to the air bnb late and we didnt make O'Learys but tomorrow is gonna be lit 
2017 is a historic year for Polynesian Music Artists 
Cristian and Juan Pablo racing at the Chilean Nationals on their SLEDs 
Jono Jones on his way to victory at the EX enduro 2017 
The DMR SLED + 
 Sending out HUGE Congrats to our clients 
Had a blast shooting the video for 
Just had to say that I love 
Thanks joe sounds real 
 STOKED to share the video we made for our song "ABSENT LOVER" to the world today! S/O to 
 Revisiting my roots 
FT LAUDERDALE / MIAMI AREA! THIS ABOUT TO BE THROUGH THE ROOF WITH 
THIS GEORGE MICHAEL DOC IS FLAMES IM SO INSPIRED 
TONIGHT! We’re opening the  last show of the 
 
Check out 
Want to win a FREE poster? 
RT this 
Go watch our brand new music video 
Like it and comment on it and let us know what you think! 
Download my new hit single “Show Me” Featuring the INCOMPARABLE 
 zombies & 
Destiny 2 is 
This year I focused on upgrading my front end, next year is all about analog summing 
My 1st plant-based holiday was 
“Through It All” 
Ableton 10 looks 
Came outta retirement for 
“Help Us” by 
New Music Tomorrow 
"Give and Take" 
Clip from our show at Teller's the other night 
House show number 5! 
Dj Luke Nasty x OTW
Y’all support my brother @suddsuddsudd he just dropped a project ...
It's time for a 
T O M M O R R O W 
New freestyle off 
Big bro got some New 
Issa album listening thing.. 
Last night was a dope move 
 GOING CRAZY
Y'all want to hear some heat check this out 
Hey London, hey Glasgow, check out the hottest gigs this December!! Meet our 2018 Hottest Band 
Y’all don’t know nothing about 
Gio & Gstar "HOTBOX"
Mad love to every1 that came party last night 
We are gonna announce some more shows soon and people are gonna freak out. Feels good. 
Got a movie on the way off 
Humbled to be named 
 !!! 
Thanks 
It’s a quarter till 8:00 and Operating Board is on 
Now Available
Finally going to see 
 & 
YES YOU BLOODCLAUT!!!!

Hot spot night... how I like my dipping sauce 
Have a game, J.J.! 
1. Hydrogen and oxygen.
2. 
New Music Friday is 
Looking good, boys! 
Two weeks of filming complete and I can see it coming together. This movie is going to be 
All Tables Now Sold Out For 
Phone Has Been Non-Stop 
Today For 
Donington by night! 
David Silva caps the comeback as Manchester City defeat West Ham for a joint record 13th consecutive Premier League win. 
How many goals for Mohamed Salah this season? 
Luis Suarez moves into Barcelona's all-time TOP 10 goalscorers just 3 years after joining the club! 
Great memories and time to make new ones! 
Back baby 
The new PP collection has arrived and it is 
2 TDs in the first 5 minutes


Big win for us tonight and on unsy’s last game he fully deserved that, hopefully we can kick on now , and 
Good win last night, just what we needed , great goals 
 first PRO number DONE .. and it looks 
First day of Pro rehearsals for 
Just how I dreamt it
 Through to the quarter finals! 
Bringing Big Shaq the heat on FIFA 
Ward Family’s First Bonfire 
And that’s a wrap!

Only 1 hour to go for 25% OFF
2 hours left to get 25% OFF
3 hours left to get 25% OFF
4 hours left to get 25% OFF
Just 6 hours left to get 25% OFF EVERYTHING at 
 It’s 
Lets keep it 
25% OFF EVERYTHING
25% OFF TODAY
  25% OFF TODAY  
  25% OFF Tomorrow 9am  
 New video trying out the 
Can we PLEASE talk about this 
This girl is on FAYA 
All hail qween GC 
And the hits (and kicks) keep on coming. 
Drop this 
Painting 
Ok, we see u 
They got our backs. 
Oh and new jersey is 
Want to know what songs inspire one of the heaviest hitters in the game? 
Need MORE Official 
F U S I O N  T H U R S D A Y S  

Cleveland pull up 
's cover/reinterpretations of INXS's "Need You Tonight" is 
Brace urselves - the new 
 
A.B. Original just took out the 
New video just released for J. Roddy Walston & The Business' single "The Wanting"! 
Had a blast listening to 
 your book is straight 
This damn year just won't stop giving - Something More 
A must read 
Yes! 
‘Teenage Fantasy’ is in the long list for 
THE BEST PIRATE RADIO SET OF ALL TIME IS OUT TO BUY NOW! 
Warm up with red hot accessories 
Glad you loved it as much as we did 
Big plans in the works! 
What a feeling to be through to the semi finals tomorrow. 
GOAT - First Car (Official Video) 
I CANT BELIEVE ITS ONLY 2 DAYS TO GO!!!! 
4 goals in 2 games for 
We all know 
 Everything everything: 23 photos to show how incredible 
Rickie Fowler is on 
What a way to go top of the league 
Let the Christmas shopping commence with 
ANDDD 
NEW VIDEO IS UP!!! 
Jeffree Star Cyber Monday specials have arrived! 
Jeffree Star Black Friday Specials have arrived! Save up to 40% here -> 
The Star Family Collection has arrived! 
The Star Family Collection arrives tomorrow on 
 | His strike put us on our way to victory and it seemed like he was everywhere today... 

Gylfi gets your vote as MotM! 
Time for another 
She just can't stop winning at the moment! 
This scene is straight 
That's All Folks!
Which team will 
Project I finished up yesterday! used fire as the base for the terrain 
Straight 
Andre Nickatina tonight with my Gs. 
Los Angeles lets do this 
 REMIX with @NSGNSGMUSIC out tomorrow 
Retweet if this was fire 
spending this long car ride to syracuse listening to 
Great win for the Colorado Buffaloes! Team effort in all three phases! We must continue to fight together! 
Is it me or was that commercial w lebron lit 
Monk dawg lit 
Tyreek on the mic 
Atlanta native 
Looks like the 
And the Band played on !!!! 
every single song 
today's 
Farewell jams on bonfire night 
Proud of my 
Oshawa was LIT last night 
There’s always one group that insists on hogging the photo booth for 45 minutes. Looking 
First love remixes tomorrow 
It’s doesn’t get any better than this 
Many thanks to 
2018 is gonna be 
 tracks from 
CMC$ & CADE - Thinkin’ Bout Myself 
On GANG This whole tape fire 
38baby 2 
Coming soon 
My boy 
Can't wait to see the 
Want some custom stuff made by the guy behind all the Twonk designs!

You gotta nab some of this!

All of the fire 
! 
might fuck around and go just for that 
Party thieves 
What a blast this was! Check out what went down at 
11/13/17. 

dinners with 
We're still thinking about 
This concert last night was 
Whoooop 
Finally this monster tune of yax.x feat.  
20:00 - 22:00 GMT 


"Caught" de The New Coast sur la playlist Hot
tickets for 
 Ready for a brand new hottest record? 
Catching up on last nights 
Pre-sale tickets for Vicar Street are now SOLD OUT!!!
Yaaassssss 
Bruuuh! The way 
 It's getting hot in here 
Chad's west coast tour starts tomorrow!! First stop 
That boy 
TONIGHT -- 
Listen to our new song ROOTS PARTY, watch the lyric video at 
You're invited to a Roots Party! More info at 
OI OIIII INDOOR PETS R MY FAVE BAND NOW (not Get Inuit)
PLAD Fine$$e - Yellow Flame [Official Music Video] out Now via 
Indictment season is heating up! 
Peep the latest visuals from 
Our boy 
A little teeny taster of what's to come next year! 
Excited to announce that London’s premier party starters 
Bruhhhhh this’s joint right here 
What was your favourite track of 2017?

Nice to see 6-favourites Everything Everything (
Girl on Fire
THIS girl is on fire 
Tonight in London was 
Enjoying some 
Atmosphere at Elland Road last night was 
Young Uncle Phill!!!! Happy birthday to my brother!!!!
Sprint boys were on fire this morning 
Finally finished our shirt wall of fame, our office is really looking good now thank you everyone that help 
Tonite and tomorrow we are LIVE 
Have you seen our second video from 
 Me Voy TROOKO remix
Check out 
Tonight on 
What a lovely “winter warmer” 
Harviestoun tap takeover at 
Last season in Silvaplana, Switzerland, Izzy Atkin became the first British woman to win a ski slopestyle World Cup competition! 
Team GB’s medal hopefuls proved their strength under pressure last weekend with what might be one of the best starts to the season anyone could have hoped for! 
IT'S HERE! Presenting: The 
It's on 
 get em!!! RIP P 
GINGERBREAD version of this favourite is on tap now and tasting splendid 
Come and find a cosy corner to sup a beer in tonight, we’ve even got the heater on 
It's gym time with the 
Fiery sunsets in California 
Afternoon visit to 
Tonight is the NIGHT! Last show of 2017 we're at London's beautiful 
It's December, so we're turning up the thermostat to 360 degrees of no-scope hotness. 
2nd night sold out in 5 mins.
No label. No radio. No problem. 
Bonny is burning. 
Looking for 2 tickets for 
Our next two shows are looking tasty...

09/09 
1st of December is always exciting, but even more this year because KURUPT FM ARE HERE
THIS WEEKEND IS JAM PACKED!!

FRIDAY - pre-club show with KURUPT FM!!
FRIDAY - meet and greet with GEMMA COLLINS and a performance from the UPSIDERS

SATURDAY - performances from LETHAL BIZZLE and JORDAN MACKAMPA

What a weekend
Joe also knows 
THIS WEEKEND IS JAM PACKED... 

Friday - meet and greet with the Beast PLUS live music from YONAKA

Saturday - pre-club show from MY VITRIOL in the Side Room and live DJ set from TOO MANY ZOOZ in the main room.... 


NEXT FRIDAY we take to the stage for a huge gig over at 
Don't forget to have a listen to one of our new tunes 'Capsize'! It was given a spin by 
MANCHESTER. get out and catch us at The Peer 
Hat on Saturday night. 
Something tells me that tonight’s 
We have a live session on tonight’s show from 
We’ve got loads of great tracks on tonight’s show, including 
Eyes down from 23:00 when Sir Spyro will be flinging singles so 
Fantastic food amazing flavours hot, hot, hot 
Chip 
What does 
Our “Black Friday” sale ends tomorrow ! 30% OFF selected items from the AW/17 collection for limited time ONLY. 
Our “Black Friday” sale starts NOW ! Be sure to take advantage of 30% OFF selected items from the AW/17 collection. 
Firsts welcome 
First 2 goals come from 
The cubs were learning about fire safety last night and we had a fire drill 
It was great to be there: thanks so much for having us! 
 Hot off the press: “Surrey Centre for the Digital Economy - Issue #61” 
We are excited to show you these Hawarden Park enamel mugs, designed by our friend 
NEW IN! 
Queen 
Check out this hot look for 
The race for the title is hotting up! 
And that’s the bonus point for 
Manchester City 
Deadly finishing in fire or ice available in-store now 
 Shame the season has just come to an end of these would defos have been purchased
What a way to end the season - Scottish Cup Champions!!! Happy Monday 
Speed, conditioning, shooting, muscle memory...
Solid performance last night with the team and another clean sheet 
Kick Around in getlabelled Tracksuit 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to this talented baller maddyearl42 
This team 
STUNNING! Captured by photographer, Elena Mak. 
4 hairstyles.. and the best part: you don't have to wash your 
This class is hotting up 
 standing’s after round 1 in Paris - wow
Next Saturday in New York, 
Mark your calendars for November 17th Friday 
There are some real goal machines on show in the Premier League this week 
madness 
It's baltic outside. Get your bin lids wrapped up warm.
Our fashion range is currently HALF PRICE
Yasssss Mumma D 
 star & 
It's about to get LIT 
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW 
Join us tomorrow along with Master Butcher 
Master Butcher and long time friend of 
! Fancy a FREE 
Fierce, indeed. That view is 
Glassboro High was LIIIIIIT 
I’ve got a limited number of enamel mugs across 4 designs. Perfect for warm brews round the campfire.

This week on 
Just 2 days left 
 SIGN-UP TILL 04 DEC HERE: 
SIGN-UP
There's a brand-new breakfast range 
Check out the best of Manchester’s street style throughout November

featuring the best of the best.
 2018 is out today on 
Tomorrow we celebrate my boy  Luse's birthday 
Join us as we celebrate my boy 
We have a hot line up and also a pool to cool you off . 
 today 
We Also Celebrating 
 is a party already.
When the crowd sings along and knows every word 
The fav miguel has a new album out 
Let's rewind to Fact New Years Eve Party last year... It was a lituation
Best of the Best 
POP BOTTLES
Tired as Hell  still have Club Icon in soweto Tonight  Phalaborwa  Phangeni Vibes was INSANE
the ending of that song is 
IT AINT OVER!!! MONDAY I'm joining all the ragers in durban for 
Faves
Vusi - "Give yourself permission to be great" 
Proppa camp fire 
FIRST TEAM CALL UP
Let the heats continue. 
We’re ready to sound check!
Riot Days in Dublin 
My brain is FRAAAAZZZLED 
The FULL Roadman Shaq 
Another banging sold out 
What a show!! Thank you 
Our BDDI project from 
Helped 
1/ Hi friends! This Saturday I'll be competing in the 6th annual 
Another treble winner for 
The lineup all week 
What happens when you put 
In 7 days, the heat is turning ALL the way up! 
We’ve done it 
Dinosaurs meet the wild west in our latest High-Five interview on the BackerKit blog!
 Tonight’s 
Well bassy, well funky, it’s 
Worked with one of our favourite labels 
Steady Rockin’ 
I walk in and 
 remix by the lords 
Fucking Sell Outs. 
Let’s do it! 
Let’s do it 
theweeknd STAR BOY TOUUR 
TOUR STARTS TOMORROW!!!

Can’t wait to take this baby out!
Today is the day - 
It’s here!!! Our debut album ‘PYRO’ is finally available and has gone in at #34 on the iTunes rock charts. Lets push this baby to #1!
Looking for the freshest new music in the world of EDM? We’ve got you covered!

Follow EDM Daily on Spotify for new 
Give me a follow on 
Playlist is reaaal nice this month! Check it 
Always proud of our guys makin’ waves. Congrats to 
Don’t miss 
YES! 
"I GET THOSE GOOSEBUMPS EVERY TIME, I NEED THE HEIMLICH." 
Facts. 
A triple threat and 
THANK YOU EDINBURGH ! LAST NITE WAS 
MANCHESTER THANK YOU FOR PACKING UP THE SOUP KITCHEN AND SHOWING YOUR LOVE 
Gameday at my Sister's house is about to get 
LONDON!!!! OUR SHOW AT OSLO HACKNEY IS GETTING CLOSER CAN YOU FEEL IT?? 
The Future is now. 
San Diego TONIGHT!!
Latest from San Diego...take a look 
 TONIGHT'S SHOWTIMES 
 Tomorrow NITE y'all 
LIVERPOOL
 new issue of 
 TEASER -- BEST THINGS 
LUL G comin out with some 
It's. Going. Down. 
 music stay 
Let's get silly season started 
 is coming in HOT
We’re ready for a jam with 
Our 5FM ladies looking amazing out on the open water 
The weekend isn’t over until 
SA’s 
Since the summer,  Alabama's 
Suchapapi - Walk Freestyle 
Welcome to 4 hours of epic throwbacks from the 90s & early 00s On 
On fire 
Nice to win the 
J on fire again 
My boys on fireeee 
Awesome shift my brothers. Man of the match 
OUR DEBUT EP IS FINALLY HERE!
Buy it here: 
S/O to 
Can’t help but root for the homie.
He’s a real one, tour bout to be 
iPhones and 808s w/ 
We'll never, ever, EVER get enough of 
Vote for 
Armond Wakeup |  The Hold Audio | 
 .
Sneak peek... 
Last Night at 
Who's crowd going to be this 
oh my
Dunk of the Year Nominee 
He's SMASHING IT 
Great performance from the lads beating Costa Rica 2-1. Get uppp quarters next 
Gotta get this on Spotify or release as a single
Our Director Lucy Batley on stage with 
Why not come and take a 
New shoot with 
 liamvandiar 
Oi oi!! 
Happy birthday gorgeous iamnialong 
Warm yourself up next to one of our real fires, best with a large glass of mulled wine 
Jesse Lingard in the Premier League 2017/18: 
- 3 starts, 8 subs apps
- 393 minutes played
- 3 goals
- 3 assists
- 85% pass completion
- 1.1 shots p/goal

CAM BRATE WITH THE ONE HANDED TD 
The supergorgeous 
Ryan Giggs vs Arsenal. Unforgettable for any Manchester United fan, including 
No.36! Not bad 
The Gorgeous 
So excited to have Omar S, Move D, 
NYE > Nottingham 
 with 
That feeling when you force your rival to go 0-20 in conference play
Coming to a wall near you...


 Anushka Masss
The Indian eves have done us proud! Here's to the Asian Kabaddi Championships' Women's champions - India! 
Immigration to the trap !! I can't lie 
this is my life soundtrack, shoutout to my brother 
The Lovely team of 
 (Bilingual) will be releasing on 2018 Republic day ! 
A continuous release for 
Looks like she is the queen

 has kick starter 
 Satellite Right Bagged By 
Omlette theif
 Tip: The girls are back in town. Prepare for your group chat to be lit 
He’s coming to United bro 
" I Still Am" Out Now
 rockin with the tape. LUV! Go grab PTSD right now! 
It's time for a 
Everything 
Next weekend we throw down for round 3 at 
“Wide Open” 
When u a sneaker head and Marvel/DC head! No reason just think it's HARD!
Dilli ki sardi door karne aa raha hai 
 NEW Benro 
I've held onto this image for over a month due to the wild fires 
Waw! You look amazing
Fans just evacuated from the 
Issue 5 of 
Bb 
Talk about a killer glow and killer waves. 
 I HAVE SOME NEWS 
Go 
You've got it all girl 
 Hot off the press: “Steve's ITK: Fintech frenemies” 
Tail is now on Android: 
First Direct Arena in Leeds was packed and literally on fire tonight. We had a great night with you! Brighton tomorrow!!
When you know you’re over posting but don’t care cuz she’s so 
At Winterville, we’ve got 40 fire pits but bring a bobble hat anyway. 
Just a regular Friday night at CULTO 
Bonfire night in wild old Yorkshire 
First pod with 
Flooring the competition. It's Scott and Fran. Sorry, 
30 minutes to go 
I followed your advice and got lost down a YouTube rabbit hole of 90’s hip hop 
Been waiting to ride this board for a minute 
My cousin 
Without Struggle there is no Progress 
Un king reste un king 
 Trailer 
Classic 
 just played "Ghetto Quran." My favorite 50 Cent joint, ever. 
I just knew 
Brothers in arms 
Beast Mode! 
"You must be ready to burn yourself in your own flame; how could you rise anew if you have not first become ashes?" Friedrich  Nietzsche 
 saying we need to all take three months off for the America’s Cup and invite all our mates to NZ! That’s why he’s the visionary 
Up to date on our locked in speakers for 
This is still happening till 12pm tonight! Keep her lit! 
t's always a good sign when your class have 
The aftermath of the NEW METAFIT HIIT ZONE WORKOUT
got these shots back from 
"Rambo" music video now on YouTube !!! 
Bless 
Ben Gomori debuts LGR's latest release featuring 
'It's the thing I enjoy most.'
ICYMI, 
Little Giant's third release is out today on all shops! 
I just posted my brand new chart on 
 Friday night and everyone’s getting lit @ Culver City, California 
 a night of Controversy, Magic and Burlesque
change is good. Thank you to the 
 Music is all fire 
OUT NOW!!! Trobi & 
Happpyy bddayyy too mee!!! Finally 18 
Everybody Make It Bounce!! 
Beach party with 50,000 mates 
MEMORIES! "Only For Your Love" by 
December 
Glam 
Thursday feeling? Start your weekend early with Ibiza Rocks A-List! 
HFTG at Mambo Beach Curacao was fckn LIT yesterday!!
LATIN VILLAGE FESTIVAL 2017! YOU WERE F*CKN LITTT!
We have been spinning this track a lot these last couple of months!
Black Friday Week Sale starts NOW until Nov 27th. 30%-60% off SITE WIDE! No promo code needed. Shop 
Holy mother of god!!! The 
Are you already following my new spotify playlist? 
What was your weekend like so far? 
How are you starting off your weekend?? Make sure to follow my latest spotify playlist to start off your weekend with new fresh music with tracks from artists like 
That new 
 listen to my b2b set with 
 always brings the 
Yoooo austin that show was fucking crazy!!!!! 
New music coming straight your way soon, are you ready for a new single?! 
Great session with shermanology 
Looking forward to the studio session with Shermanology this friday 
 Melbourne 
Unfortunately my studio has been taken down... but... a new studio will be built soon and can’t wait to share it!!! 
Another week, another banging show 
Australia! 
 2018. July 27-29. Save the date. 
The Metamorphosis is about to begin... 
Spotted in Camden... 
Ready for takeoff in Taipei with a 2 night sold out show ready to rumble 
 Are You Ready for THIS? 
Festival Presidente day 2 was on 
Don’t forget to check out the live performance of 
yo boys 
Finally you can check out 
Hope you are as excited as me! 
 Remixes out tomorrow! Including one by none other than 
Thank you for participating in the Ultimate DJ Set List Challenge! Winners: Alyssa, Arian & Karen! You will be notified via email 
NEW Exclusive Arrivals 
Tonight we celebrate 6 years of events and 10 years of 
A fan favourite: 
 to our set-up last week at the 
TONIGHT is the night! 

Everybody winnin’ & that’s nice to see. 
FIRE from 
 NEW MUSIC FRIDAY!
Check out these DOPE moves to this SICK track! 
DON & HEX return with a PACKED show filled with exclusives like NOTHING NEW by DROPGUN Ft. KALEENA ZANDERS! 
See ya tonight 
Making a HUGE return! Here's why we can't wait for 
ICYMI - Your 
thanks for spinnin my song this week 
 absolutely killed it last night! That Steal Your Heart Pressure mash was 
feel like “redbone” definitely deserves to win a grammy 
Just heard a salsa remix of Smoke Filled Room haha it was 
Issa party with 
So amped to announce I will be joining 
We are so fired up to welcome 
Keep warm this winter with the full kit from 
my kind of banger 
I keep replaying 
New ones from 
Mint day riding -19 
My new track with 
 with that 
I can’t wait to see 
Such pure 
our loves 
Shout out to Liquid Todd for supporting Kue's "Girlfriend" on 
Shutting down the student center of PENN STATE TONIGHT 
I’m trying to cook and clean, but this stellar 
I seriously don't know what I would do without the 
A bit of what I do... 
End of 3rd Q 
PREMIERE
 fuck next these niggas got now gah damn 
NYX you are just killin’ it
DRS wide open 
New Helmet!! Nouveau Casque 
RASKers give some 
The whole family is in love with 
New teacher introductions and planning for 2018 = exciting things to come! 
That flow 
NEW!! 
just got NbaLive18 and Need For Speed Payback just by paying my bill with Verizon 
We got in the studio with 
“Cali makes a comeback?” That is what we like to see 
Got that 
ELEGANT DETAILS 
 SVG on Drummond-Embiid hype 
Khadeen Carrington’s On 
Kicks game going to be 
Nogic Is On 
AND WE GO IN AND OUT OF LOVE. 
NO. i dont watch WAGS, I watch 
We’ve got 
The energy is through the roof at 
SHUTTING DOWN SOUTHAMPTON LAST WEEK 
 ROOM UPGRADED! 
Walked by this on my way to eat tacos, but didn’t know what was happening. Place was lit tho
Great day wrapping up the REACH Peer Leadership Coaching Program with food, feedback, & reflection! Thanks for an awesome term, 
Goodness yes! It’s also the scourge of all domestic interiors. Gets everywhere. Won’t go away unless you 
 in 2018 is all about the end-user >> 
So the squad wanted to celebrate 
The same dragon appeared in our fire twice - I just added more wood and he left 
Only one for Johnny? Eh, let's go for two. 
Kayla Shaw through four games this season:

 on fire 
Senior Year#hoco17
Time to go throw some hands down south nice job mustangs 
south texas rocks
Ton of support for 
YO! I remember bringing 
ok I'm still listening 
Only a couple days away!! 
6 General admission tickets LEFT! 
Come watch me secure this Half Hour with comedycentral tonight! 
Coming soon! 
Come and try our amazing 
Perfection 
Heading up to Minnesota with 
I’m not coming back to Maryland till I hit 1 million folllwers on instagram
When u & your friends finally link up
 friends! We’re at 
Adelaide Weber Family! Keep your eyes on our friend's 
Canberra! It's time to learn the secrets to amazing 'Low & Slow' barbecue at home with the Southern Hemispheres' only Weber Grill Specialist 
It's the long weekend! What are your barbecue plans? 
Big bro got some New 
Yo this album was 
THE REAL 
The 10 best sneaker photos we dug up on Instagram for this week’s 
You can listen to the latest track from 
When you light up the 
Tomorrow is my 5k debut at 8900ft 
The elite field is 
3 things I learned on Friday at the 
My night went from a respectable 7 to a straight 10. Summer Sausage and Jalapeño Cheese Ball 
2K Champs w/@ScorchEsports 

YO! Pel talking that shit!?!?!? He ready! Map number two about to be 
We fall to 
Loving the straight 
Halo 3 LAN at 
Lawd have mercy, James Harden cross-court nutmeg leads to open 3 
So it will be a 2-0 victory over 
 takes down 
 FNi 
 takes on 
Chasing this win. This 2K is ours. 
It was super tight! But 
Consider that a message. GG's OpTic we win 2-0 and advance to 1-0 in our pool. Playing Fable on main stage at 7 est 
Bag is packed... I’m ready for Dallas 
In case you missed it, this afternoon we posted our 
 discount + 
 is LIVE! Come check out one of the best 
NEW twitter headers for 
Gg to 
 vs 
 Girls 2k stream! Sub Hype! Show some love and support! 
Don't forget to swing by and show 
 is LIVE with some great 
Everyone stop by 
Aye guys tune in and let's get this chat hyped! 
Finished 3-0 in our pools. Real tournament starts today, gonna bring that energy 
Finish 2-0 in our pool. GG's to everyone we played. Tomorrow is a new day, gonna bring the same energy 
Whattttt 
TODAY IS THE DAY MY BOY , BRING THAT FIRE 
If you haven’t already, hook up my boy and check out his recent drop 
This arena is 
Is your Spidey sense tingling? Is your hype engine roaring? You know who to vote for!! 
Really giving Steve a run for his money, Jake J-Thrill Bennett 
Just when you thought there wasn't a video coming out today...STEVEN'S SECRET RAP CAREER, PART III! Feat. a rap I performed and wrote myself as Steven, with the beats and editing help of 
Yooo!
Guys!! I memed! Steven's Secret Rap is finally here 
Steven's Secret Rap Career PART 2! 
STEVEN'S SECRET RAP CAREER IS LIVE 
Like 
2017 was a 
MEDIA RELEASE: BC Wine Industry Offers Support to 
TONIGHT is the night. Left is Right, presented by 
TONIGHT! Are you ready for the 
 Check out this week's Top Shot in 
It’s single heat
FRIDAY 
Flash Sale
Join us for our annual LANDR Holiday Party! Free entry, good drinks and 
Attack + Fire alarm from last night 
Absolute scenes at 
Back in Room 2 tomorrow at 
FIRE
Turntable mastermind 
Early look at my snap story 
Get in the mood for 
TONIGHT from 11pm, get ready for 2 hours of pure 
Quality mix. So many firey tracks 
 - When's My Time 
blazin' review of 'technobodi' on 
Enjoyed playing at 
Very excited to announce some of the guest's I have joining me on 
This Weeks’s Money$hot is 


Absolutely buzzing for my main man from Manc...
Tonight family meeting 
Tonight with this Queen 
Looking for some 
A brand new mix from Serum Dnb ahead of Shogun Audio Leeds 08.12 - SPY, Alix Perez, Technimatic & more 
 is dropping nothin but pure 
Hot Friday 10.11 @ 
Our girl looking 
New Rawsome dad hats are in! 
In stores now: 
C Cane I beg u shut it down once more because the last event I couldn't breathe.. pure shellings 
paigey cakey - down 
flexin - 
Shout to 
She was one of 
He’s recently been nominated for Best African Act 
 will be performing

Check dis doe 
THIS SATURDAY!!
MAKE SURE YOU COME THROUGH ITS GONNA BE A MAD ONE 
Shellings 
Been waiting on this for years. I’m gassed. The 
Listening to Outburst 001-004 
It's not over yet, in this new and last month God will do something for you! 

Why don't you raise up your faith and start thanking Him because you're going into 2018 with a testimony 
Remix Way 
You can’t fuck with a proper BLT sandwich can ya 
BIG BAMBOO COVENTRY TONIGHT 
ben’ova’, is a fucking RIDDIM! you man have the formula 
Home time 
The steering wheel last night was 
Macky Gee at Tank TOMORROW NIGHT!
NYE at TANK!
CHRIS LORENZO
This Saturday at TANK!!

Leave names on Creation event page for guest list 
Oi this WSTRN tune is bad!! 
LOW STOCK ALERT 
Trill is fckn quality 
Swear down I play that new 
 - Trill (Prod by B.O Beatz) [Official Video] 
 I've never listened to Music Because it's Currently 'In' or 'Cool' 
I listen to Talent, Your Music, Your Words and Delivery will always make you Relevant! 
Straight Facts/Spotlight/Trill 
Never seen 
Check this out - the new release by 
I Love This! Pure 
 “1 in a million, sweet love, no such thing”... woah! All absolute tunes 
The excitement for this is UNREAL 
Bodies galore if 
 ummmm yeah this is a flipping banger !!! 
 is the UK’s Version of Drake 
The story behind every track on 
Visit our on-campus store for pins (only $1!). Beanies and more in store and online at 
 - Selfish produce by the number 1 producer in Africa and the man with all the hits  
Y3 Sie wiasi 
R2BEES EMBASSY Prod By 
'Boa Me' Official Video OUT NOW!! Such a vibe 
R2bees till dust
When i say madd you say Op!! Maadd!! 
 Da general 
Watch the Official Video for my new single "Playman" 
Dont regret avoiding sleep to watch the star boy 
indeed!!! This was a well choreographed performance. Great job 
 Only you
Get a copy of the RapMare EP by Amerado on 
It’s a TEMA thing tonight
 Is Now Trending worldwide 
Steak Night happening TONIGHT 
To the Churches closer to Gas and Fueling Stations Shouting 
FIRE!
Still the GOAT
Adidas EQT support adv
Size 40 -44
@220ghs 

Listen to Sober ft B4Bonah (Prod. by Uche B) by Kay-T 
New video directed by 
 leader of a generation
Nice Work 
Hardest tag team 
Flashback to 6yrs ago: Fly As Me Clothing had it 
This Thursday at 
Come prepared cos its a packed night 
 | It's about to be a Detty December
{100% Naija}
Sounds from the West Side 
DanceHall vibezzzz 
What songs are buzzing on the street ??? Tune in to 
Wanna see your fav music video play on MTV Base??? Then tweet us with the hashtag 
Join US this November 19TH-26TH ...

I'm a train on a track, that ain't meant to derail.

- the mind of 
Mercedes baby video drop tomorrow 
My bro got this 
Mad mad mad 
 in the 
 Boss You Got The Best Performance Last Night !!! The Love Band And All 
Thanx king 
New Music Titled “AVAILABLE” Out Now 
Patoranking - Love You Die 
We Move!                            
Don't forget it. 
Da Magicial 
I want King Dizzo on my record!! 
Cum thru lets vibe y'all

Outerlane Concert @ Alliance Francaise on the 16.12.17 cc 
Go hard
16/12/17 
 hit me up for
How many retweets till 
BTS 
 ya 
ENERGY VIDEO OUT 2MRW 
Runtown’s new song “Energy” is a very infectious song! 
Pull up in a white one
You don’t see me leave kuz I left in a black one! - SoundGod 
Go get that New 
 So I say 
No man
Say no man
Can take my joy away...
This new Juls & Burna Boy video tho.... 
SA Please make sure you’re supporting local artists 
FLAME 
The show is so lit 
I’m ready o!! 
TMITO COVER IS DOPE. LOVE IT!
AND THE MIXTAPE IS
 is pure Gold! Did so well as a player & now as a Coach of lynx entertainment his team is doing so well
Pree this!!!! 
When your fan blow lies. 
It's officially a party! 
The official video for "Fresh" by 
Just Announced: On Dec/9, CJ Fly —
Let’s get this to 1 million plays! 
Ain't A Damn Thing Change. 
 will be at 
 
What a Day!!
Martial was 
DM the human you fancy and say to them: " We are dating now, details will emerge as we go along " and let me know their response 
Lingard 
Big Sean & Metro Boomin Announce Plans For Joint LP.
We fucking up Newtown tonight
 ft 
Ladies & Gentlemen, The 
Another One In The Bag!! Shout Out To the Lovely Fans !!! Team Wande Coal .. 
And that's how 
 No 1 selling album in the Country 
If you still sitting down...
Live now !!!!
5 
Wow! So it was Kelly Hansome that produced "Ahead of the game" by Blackface and the Tribunals 
 AM 1 
 AM 1
Me like this meeehn...... 


Please welcome 
 Longest 
 The impact of 
 Zinedine Zidane had skills for days...
 at Ibadan last night. You can't be sleeping on this level of talent you know. We were away from home and crowd was mad 
Kevin De Bruyne & Mohammed Salah are currently the 2 best players in the English Premier League! 
On To The Next One 
Due to unforeseen circumstances, THE VENUE FOR 
While there might not be a Bailey with its smoke, the 
I always enjoy The Sands as a venue cause it gives me house party vibes. Top 3 and it’s not 3 
Litty 
2017 has been 
UCLA scored two goals in four minutes to start the second half. 
 isam-qeh yazi the song is very nice .....plus it has okymalumculkat on it like ....shuuuu
Happening in a bit !!! regranned from 
Ending careers out here 
Dutch 
*NEW* FREE MIXTAPE  
Ric Flair drip 
This Ascenso MX final 
Classy, Sassy, Very Bad Assy! 
The Classic Black Tracksuit 
We definitely had some fun on Snapchat this season, and we can't wait to see what 2018 has in store.

Add us! 
Go get it, Lion. We’re all behind you.


After four rounds and thousands of votes, 
 Race day with 
Man, i miss 
We will not forget 
EuroLeague Young guns: 
HIGHLIGHTS
Tomorrow is the day! The 
We head into half-time with the lead 36-35 
End of 1Q and both teams are bringing the 
Only a few minutes in and you can already tell this is going to be intense 
LA favorites 
Richmond keeping us busy on stage tonight with the flying bodies
Who’s coming to groove NYC? 
Dem blues got me feeling right... 
The AfroForce was Strong in the Alamo City. 
New cut offs are in store right now for Summer 
Trust me when I
Dark Divine is officially out! Available to purchase now on 
ORLANDO! We’re playing at Backbooth tonight, very few tickets remain, come hangout! 
New Jersey tonight - Richmond tomorrow - Greensboro on Sunday, grab those tickets before they’re gone! 
Hoping everyone is having a great Thanksgiving! Tour continues on tomorrow in New Jersey - make sure you grab a ticket ASAP! 
Hit ‘em with some Dark Divine 
See y'all in 15 
Be fearless in the pursuit of what sets your soul on fire.
Multi sport athletes in high school. Now they’re professional hockey players
This is pretty 
The goal is 
Front and center 
It doesn't matter what system you're in. This 
On her Senior Spotlight night, 
We took a little too much coffee to Cup North, help us find loving homes for it, please? 
Catching 
Watching some basketball...it’s weird being able to hear the announcers. Went through the TV feed from last night & I could barely hear them over the crowd. 

MACKEY WAS ROCKING 
G Wagon goals 
Floral Print Tees: 2 for $30 
Fleece Sale Goin' Up 
I love highlighting some of the causes I’m passionate about...check it out!! 
More from the 
James Welch (
Also my opinion my chauffeur is hot as 
Latest times from Jerez. Looks like 
Racism is the only thing he's Fantastic 4(fantastic for), cause that's how he gets his rock off, he's orange. Sheesh 
Come discover & try our new S-DRAK helmet at 
No mission is impossible for Julio Jones. Through 90 games, his 563 catches for 8,649 yards are the most in 
Hope yeez are all enjoying this playlist ft some 100% hot Scottish artists 
Thanks guys! 
Stack AR is definitely one to check out. 
Augmented Reality for Packaging 
New Video - RT! This is what my Ultimate 4K Setup looks like with the 
Tonight's secret ingredient: hot honey. 
Thank you to the amazing group who toured 
Try it Smoked
Try it smoked 
The best way to cool down a 
Share the gift on acknowledgement today! For the full interview with the incredible 
*Listen*
How 
Awww sh#*!! We r playing Philly too you guys!!!! Yay!!! I'm so excited!!! Get your tix! It's gonna be 
One week from tonight, 
Broad Street is 
The Harlem Globetrotters made a shot from our catwalk look easy. 
It’s LIT 
 Understanding and prepping for supply chain attacks — the latest from our 2017 security columnist 
There has been loads of 
Good 2-1 win vs Iceland U19s, nice to get the winning goal. My boy 
Derby 
Big upgrades to Statsbot, with features like self-serve data exploration, smart notifications, and advanced data sharing 
Tuesday's are for the TOT-CHOS 
CONGRATULATIONS are due to 
Excited to start our Friday being named one of the hottest 
TOUR TIME! 
 i’m sure the video would be memorable to say the least.
Teedy rockin to that “Hol Up” from the 
still bouncing & vibing from 
Hope everyone had a fantastic Christmas! Now it's time to sit back, relax and enjoy a winter warmer 
Our Querciavalle 
 were fucking sick last night and their new EP is so good 
THXXXX FOR HAVING ME 
JUDY BLAME 
SO GOOD TO HAVE LYNETTE IN TOWN 
THEO ADAMS COMPANY WEARING HALPERN AW2017 PERFORMING @ ANNABEL'S 
OPENS THIS FRIDAY
You're on fire today 
Barring & burning 
 vibes at today's 
Booty burning at 
We have completed our London houses from the Great Fire! I am so proud of the time and effort that Class 2 have put into their buildings 
Warm up 
You Were Never Really Here - harrowing and beautifully shot. Lynne Ramsay creates a visual masterpiece 
Today's HOT 
Thx. The solid propellant (APCP) can differ for flight characteristics, energy needs & can have color variations in flame 
KURUPT FM THE LOST TAPE OUT NOW!!! 
ITS OFFICIAL THE KURUPT FM LOST TAPE IS OUT TO BUY NOW!!! GET IT HERE 
Marguerite de La Rocque, a French noblewoman who, because of a forbidden romance, was marooned on an uninhabited island near Newfoundland in 1542 with her lover and handmaiden, outlived them all and survived by hunting wild animals until she was rescued by Basque years later. 
You should never ignore Grand Inquisitor’s advices 
BLACK FRIDAY SALE! 30% off displayed items over at our online store for TODAY ONLY. Don't miss out! (Limited sizes) 
 Yankees win... THIS TEAM 
IT'S ON! 
LAST CHANCE to get our best selling Gisburn Tan Brogue for just £89.99 (RRP £120.00) in our CYBER WEEK Sale...don't say we didn't warn you! 
THIS is what it looks like when an arena full of change-makers come together and celebrate each other's light. 
BIG news 
 A BIG CONGRATULATIONS to Edmonton native and 
Out of frying pan and into the 
RBS saves over 10 tonnes of carbon in 12 months thru 
Light tress all year round with this great Xmas present. 
 your vegan pulse chilli is now a weekly Friday ritual that delights throughout the weekend 
New door/sill stickers fitted and looking awesome 
Buy one get one free. Correct. All socks. Everything. “BF-50” 
GS-0462-6 Lead Forestry Technician (Fire) 
Remember remember the fifth of November!Happy Bonfire night everyone! 
Cde 
 March 2017 featuring 
What happens when you put 
They had us popping, locking and dropping it like it's HOTT 
15th finna be a situationnn, can’t wait 
Last night was fucking liveeeeeeeeee 
LADY GAGA on the 
You guys slayed tonight! 
Dang. 
This one 
  u single handledly killed shit this whole year 
Almost... 
Proudly playin' the 
RAY’S TONIGHT!
We’ll be downstairs keepin it cosy from 8:30 
not only do we sleep on scottie pippen’s résumé, we sleep on the shoes he put out. shits was 
Panamonk revisited with 
NEWS ALERT... 
 it's the next day and I'm still going crazy over your dinner at Ha last night! 
Can’t even tell you how gassed I’d be if I won though, it’s MUAD 
*NEW MUSIC* 'CHIP FT. GHETTS - GETS LIKE THAT' VIDEO OUT NOW 
Listen to 
YOURS TRUELY! Do it!! VOTE 
FABIAN, easy 
OUR HOUSE 
Call me Again ft 
Ghetts - Regulate (Warren G cover) in the 1Xtra Live Lounge 
Manchester next week cant wait 
This Ones Going Off!!! Myself & 
Can’t stop listening to this 
 new one is too much
Eskiboy really gonna 
TONIGHT - 
Yooooooo SO EXCITED to announce I’ll be joining 
Don’t panic! Listen to the whole 
It’s 4:20 in 
AHHHHHHHHH 
This new 
On 
Cheers Leeds 
This Beauty,
Took my breath.
Iroquois bride 1900s.
Learning NY tribes...

Check out these 
Look good, play good
Those royal blues though 
This week's item of the game? 

Our 
Road victory + 
Let's go 
Jazz was doing it all. Sweet jumpers, dropping assists and even 2 blocks. Ballin’ 
The #1 song all of 2017! Shout out to DC's own 
The Michael Jackson one is 
FIRED UP!! I’m READY!
The new 
PREMIERE
Wowwww “Crew” is nominated for a Grammy 
Catch 
 ight Jefe we ready for the new music, go head and bring the 
Navy's Blue Angels-inspired uniforms 
Chiefs are playing the jets just like they started the season hot
This week's 
NEWS ALERT: New Menu 
Everybody got that one 
Senior season almost here 
 HEADBANGERS!! 
My boy 
New music coming next week... me and 
Coming soon 
FRIDAY 
Streetwear for the MASSES 
LOS ANGELES COME HANG TOMORROW 
Very tight remix of genesis 
Denim on denim vibes 
 Most L1 wins by 3+ goals (17/18):
5
 Most League One goals (fr. 12/13*):
71
Yo this new 
duuuuuuuude. 
Krept and Konan 7Days and 7Nights coming soon, looking forward to hearing the 
Love these 
Full schedule for today's takeover on 
 celebration on 
Thanks guys
Great character from the boys to get a draw after going behind 3 times! 
RR
San Francisco! Please welcome special guests 
O Hell Yes!! 
Had so much fun performing at the 
Reply here with your most fire memes. 
See 
Netflix or Chill? 
It was so 
Honestly tho, if you’re not bumpin that 
Only bangers from you guys 
Need to release this soon 
We're still thinking about 
 dropping that 
Check my boy 
Thank U 
The queen 
Y'all 
Fierce, indeed. That view is 
'WOMAN'S WORLD 2.0' has arrived!

Nothing but 
Damn. Premiering w 
What a performance 
Rising star 
Yes Pete dropping Stay With Me on 
You Don't Know Me is on Pete Tong's Ibiza classics 
CLUB DRAMA 
TONIGHT 
WildNOut
Learn More About Me With This Interview
UrGENT 
MIC DROP IS TOO LITT I JUST ALMOST PASSED OUT 
 from the jump. 
Playing some shows here & there over next lil while - kicks off this Saturday in Ballarat 
Tune into 
Calling all my Irish creatures! Don't forget to pick up a ticket for my show at the 
St Stepehen's Green shopping centre looking 
y'all we can't wait to see 
Tomorrow is our end of year party 
New favorite relish 
spending this long car ride to syracuse listening to 
Out here in China for the first time 
On our way to 
David De Gea is one with the force. 
How about those 
 New Single 
Volume up for the festive party season — shampoo and leave-in conditioner to boost your hair, available in the salon, courtesy of 
Oi oi!! 
Brother 
“Real OG smoking real OG” 
 Feeling the ‘Odo’ by 
10milly waysssss 
TRACKLIST UNVEILING for the RenegadeEp.. 
Made of tough stuff since 1968 - the Toyota 
 is pure driving pleasure.
It's allowed still on the matter 
 you mad for this one 
Y'all go get that 
Go grab yours 
Sexy Lerato - Tsleek 
So they said .... World Best !!!! Had Dubai LITTY !!! Literally 
I hope there's a dance routine for Ayinde Wasiu? It's a madt jam 
What a tune that is though 
What?! 
GBEWA VIDEO OUT NOW!!. Link in my Bio 
I was wondering who shot this...so vele vele it was the king himself...
Big plans in the works! 
8pm gym on fire 
New music dropping today from Madu. 'Kampe' is 
ILLY BOMAYE!!!!! 
 TURN UP THE HEAT 
Always working 
FIGHT NEWS: Proud to announce that my next fight will be DEC 9TH on the 
We always listen to our own 
'Me & You' by 
Spectacular football from Man Utd we were on 
D-O Footwork Prod. by July Drama (Official Audio) via YouTube  >>> 
The best dancer  I know 
Footwork from one of the flyest niggas ever . darkroll 
Onitsha boys on the map, check out the new 
Mummy of life 
Footwork- 
CHAMBO'S ON FIRE 


 dat!!! 
Lucy Q Ludak Black out now link in her bio 
Spiritual something
Hey Guys! Checkout brand new 
Unreal atmosphere at the Spectrum tonight!! You fans were amazing and felt good to get the win 
About a week ago!! D R E A M S album party ‘wuz’ L I T
Excited to join 
Butter has accomplished so much!!proud to call you my friend and brother!! We all gonna show out for the King 
WOK - A$AP ROCKY // CAMP FLOG  GNAW 
She's hot 
's performance was lit 
CKAY NA YOU LEGEND PASS O!!! I just heard their father and I was about to tweet at you !!  Your sound is crazy 
 ‘s verse on 4am by Ajebutter22  
Dremo 
’s verse on 
seriously best party ever 
Nice Work 
Vittles Food Fair 
I HOPE YOU LEAVE UR SOULS AT HOME, CAUSE DEFINITELY YOU'RE NOT RETURNING WITH IT. THE ENERGY CURATED FOR THIS WOULD CREMATE YOUR MENTAL. 
- THATS MY JAM ! 
Download Marina 

Ayat always giving us 
Listen to Sober ft B4Bonah (Prod. by Uche B) by Kay-T 
New video directed by 
 leader of a generation
 - ‘She gimme.. 
- FOOTWORK By 
Prettyboy D-O - Footwork prod. by July Drama ( Official Video ) Dir. by 
When i say madd you say Op!! Maadd!! 
Gya Alert 
It’s a TEMA thing tonight
Straight
Litt
Good vibes here .
Just jam with 
Fab and Jada.... I weak!! 
Who are we seeing out today??
It's a madness in Tema. Home support 
Ground Up TV| Kwesi Arthur - Grind Day 
Hardest tag team 
Can't wait buddy 
OmG this one I'm sure is  a distin I mean dope track dat
Anticipate this new jam from The Fuccin Legend 
Coming through 
 is one badass dj 
Dansoman got one !
 Jamila Woods (
 this your version of mans not hot di33 e go make some rappers hot waaa cuz  no station can contain ur bars
 man's not hot is a banger!!!
If u no go show me lav ano go bother.. 
da whole Ghana dey ma back like I b Togo boarder 
Listen to mans not hot. mixed by unkle beatz by Medikal 
 -‘’Mans Not Hot ‘’ Freestyle download and share now !!!! MIXED BY UNKLE BEATZ 

Hi ,let’s welcome the 
 MANS NOT HOT
 -  man's not hot 
Powers 
 mans not hot 
Fuck yeah, that's what rock and roll is all about 
Another One
Ewii still number 1 on my playlist. Mad tune 
“Tea time” by Mz Orstin ft 
 on stage 
 | It's about to be a Detty December
{100% Naija}
Sounds from the West Side 
DanceHall vibezzzz 
What songs are buzzing on the street ??? Tune in to 
Wanna see your fav music video play on MTV Base??? Then tweet us with the hashtag 
I'm a train on a track, that ain't meant to derail.

- the mind of 
When it comes to RAP 
These are world class 
Yoo the obeleke tune be fire bro 
Charle the flows b dope
man you on fire 
Tellem nuh don't sleep
tellem to wake tye fuck up sakeoff 
Fresh out from 
Lomi never disappoints 
Dropping a new jam ft 
JUNCTION MALL WAS ON FIRE 
CURRENT SITUATION 
Now that was some performance 
Bad baddo badest
R2BEES EMBASSY Prod By 
'Boa Me' Official Video OUT NOW!! Such a vibe 
 w/ 
Accessorize your outfit with these beautiful Lapel Pins/ Brooch from 
 at Accra sports stadium 
Live performance at 
You Be Some BEAST 
Show done wid Love .. TATAIII 
Get ready to be blown away by my unbelievable DJ-ing skills 
This is going to be 
Big love to 
It is happening 
Johnnie To's absolutely crazy, CGI-free firefighting spectacle LIFELINE:

The extended 45-minute finale set in a burning warehouse was easily the most realistic fire sequence ever staged in HK cinema.

Screening Dec 2, 8:45pm 
Oh my globe! And mail! 
Caption game 
Kyle Guy was on 
Wow. Any list with 
Have you read 
Is it summer yet? I want to start grilling. 
FLASH SALE
Flash Sale
Congratulations Rak Su! 

Winners of the 
Shoutout to 
I always get pumped up when I'm working on an edit that I know is going to be 
Rocking the 5th anniversary T from 
What a win!! Absolutly buzzing is an understatmenet!! True passion, determination and most importantly a team performance!! Onto the next round!! 
Wayne rooney take a bow!!! 
Great performance from the lads today, the KRE was buzzing at the end! Shoutout 
GodFather is here !Thank you for all my knowledge 
 HIRING KLAXON! 
This is actually decent! You got yourself a regular listener my guy 
NB - 
Best 
New heat from 
 the below clip to get an exclusive message from 
We're just 
WIN 2 ticks to see 
We just uploaded our final festival photos from 
Get a load of our first photos of 
Keep your eyes peeled for more photographs from 
The procession begins! 
Our stewards are ready for you! Excited to see the crowd start to gather around the stage 
When your squad is 
#1858 hours 
1911 hours 
And that’s a wrap!

BURN 
Visit our on-campus store for pins (only $1!). Beanies and more in store and online at 
favorite set from my favorite comic 
Had a great time in Germany with 
"Work relentlessly, don't make excuses, and you'll be surprised at what you can accomplish." 
This record is 
 them bandana paints and that weave 
Using the all new power paste from 
TONIGHT! DJs 
Tomorrow night 
Cinnabar Fridays.. Each and every week 
Looking forward to being back behind the decks at 
Running riot here United! Brilliant game to watch.. 
Get your hands on a Madison Bomber Jacket for £35.00 
Top day at Trafford Centre. Topped off by purchasing a couple of naughty 
The couture club fashion line is looking sick! 
FREE SHIPPING ON ALL UK ORDERS! Head to our website and shop BLACK FRIDAY 
I thought is was gonna turn super sayern 
THE WORLDST FIRST EVER 'KURUPT FM TEAM FIRE IN THE BOOTH 60 MINUTES TAKEOVER IN DEPTH LIVE' 'MIX OUT NOW! 
The track for tonight’s 
Music 
Have to “Love Dat Bass” this shit is 
Things are heating up here in 
Excited to share a duet I recorded with 
Sprint boys were on fire this morning 
WOW! What a STUNNING goal from 
Finally finished our shirt wall of fame, our office is really looking good now thank you everyone that help 
Gorgeous warm tones by 
 RT and Follow us to win a 
back in stockholm in february for a showcase with the 
A little taste of how things were going down in Minneapolis 
HUGE CONGRATS TO 
my new tune with 
Great news for YCC and women's cricket fans! We have been given 2 Kia Superleague games in 2018! 
NZ & AU Where you at? Who’s ready? 
A little smoke always brings the 
Made my day to receive these complimentary 
When your makeup is as lit as the party.
Back at it today boys n girls. In the studio! Writing, production, recording. The sessions have begun
AUSTIN it’s going down tonight at 
ADE 2017 
What an awesome club/crowd, thanks to everyone who came down to 
Sheffield tonight 
So amped to announce I will be joining 
 festival 
Need to see 
VOLAC - No Love REMIXES EP
coming soon 
Last time i went b2b with BOT was on Groove Cruise and the vibes we're through the roof! 
Yesterday party with 
My remix of No Love by @volac_official coming soon.... 
2morrow 
ResiDANCE party in Moscow was lit 
new 
SOLD OUT PHOENIX AND TUCSON WHAT AN AMAZING WEEKEND I LOVE YOU ARIZONA!!!!! Thank you 
IF YOURE IN PHX GO SEE MY DUDES 
GOT MY BOYS 
Nothing like Saturdays at Monarch 
 See you tonight with 
A few sterile heads from RWA appearing in crops where imadocloprid has worn off. Looks like stem frost from a distance but not ..
Support your local Teig 
This time last night 
 was absolutely amazing, here’s a little taste of 
Yoo 
This fires me up, crush that midterm! 
NOW PLAYING: 'Sweeterman' by 
Listen To The Incredible New Single From 
Here we go! New 3rd jerseys will see the ice tonight! Game time vs Nipawin is 7:30pm! See you at the Palace! 
Weekends like these make the hard times that much easier. Thanks for a sold out show, last night was dope. 
This why Snows Concerts stay Litty 
Thank god for instagram live. Without 
What the weekend looked like
Few more favorites of Steve
Long day yesterday but so fun. San Jose tonight 
Let 
So today the awesome @mythic_frames_photo sent me through some pics we took last year the day of my @wbff_official debut show.  
*** Season Opener *** 
Thank ya'll for making last night one to remember. Here's to 21!  
Fire in your heart? 
It’s going down first thing tomorrow morning on 
Book the 
I can hear my favorite track from his hot 
My Brand New  
Your album is flames 
This is lit 
Lighting our 
 alexisren featured in 
Last Night was 
Salah is the doing the things for Liverpool 
Free heat protect spray with every purchase of an electrical tool on our website, today only 
Tap change for this coooooooold Saturday evening: more 
Tomorrow we celebrate my boy  Luse's birthday 
KILL THAT SHIT BRO!!!!!! 
Join us as we celebrate my boy 
We have a hot line up and also a pool to cool you off . 
 today 
We Also Celebrating 
 is a party already.
We've added three new beers to the family... DIPA, Raspberry Choc Stout & a Vietnamese coffee milk porter ...Tasting amazing! 
Harviestoun tap takeover at 
Hair so hot it melts 
Who’s cheering for #
200 fast follows

Retweet fast don't miss out 
Coming in Hot 
Coming out this Saturday in NYC...

Coming in Hot 
If you've seen 
This will be 
Phew! Great ride , awful weather , the last 20 km was a dark place known as hell 
Great to join Miles and the 
It's December, so we're turning up the thermostat to 360 degrees of no-scope hotness. 
Quick fire questions with Charlie Puth 
THE MENU
Stuck in traffic, travelling back from London! On the plus side, looking forward to chilling infront of the log fire! 
‘What has to be one of the best books of 2017’ 
Just finished & I can confirm 
Brazil's Nuta Cookier's December 
So excited to work with 
WOW This game is 
Our teams look great in their new 
The aftermath of last nights fire in 
 Congrats to Rik DeMeyer for taking out the 
Got some 
Exterior Cleaning Specialist.

With our most recent hires, over 1/3 of the 
Afters set by Mazzei at Happy's tonight
Eminem’s new album is dropping December 15th 
Congrats my man 
Me when they bring negative bullsh
 Let's be clear last night 
Check out our latest ep. 'Signature Research', ft. the genius of 
MONDAY NIGHT: The House will vote to move forward on the 
SWEEP over Clemson makes it FIVE straight wins for 
Need a poetry fix? The lovely 
Thanks for the feedback! RT 
Welcome to SA intl whisky folk! Looking fwd to dramming with you all at 
Love How 
 looking
Beautiful shoes too 
People can watch the full 
Don't miss the amazing 
What a try! 
Too much Sauce 
You should have asked him who made the coat though!! 
Not all camouflage is meant to blend in. 
Still hungry. 
Black Velvet Everything. The new GentsPlaybook Custom velvet bomber aka The Eichel. Available in 20 colors 
Epic week 
 Fired up 
This lucky fan is taking home 
19: GOAL!
Pat's 0-2 Cork.
Kieran Sadlier with one of the goals of the season! 
These are the 3 people left deciding the fate of the internet. We only have to convince ONE of them flip to a NO vote to save 
The best listicle of the week goes to my co-worker 
Here's that 
We are so PUMPED to hit the road for the third leg of our SWEAT 2017 NORTH AMERICAN ALBUM RELEASE TOUR! 25 shows comin' right up! 
11 songs you need in your life this week, featuring 
VIEWS 
Great ball movement leads to an open 3 for 
"I Go" & "Fail to Realize" w/ 
Been fiening for a new project since Hungry n Humble...

and Trillionaire Thoughts was straight flames bro 
COT DAMN THIS IS RAW 
 been waiting on this one for a cool minute, quality work my guy
50/50 update!! We're up to $8900 & it's clipping along! Sure to crack $10k!
50/50 up to $8100! Keep buying for your chance to win & win for 
Playing Seattle for Freakout Fest tonight at The Sunset for the 
New Remix 12! Out NOW! 
THE FIRE CONTINUES TO BURN - 
Happy Friday! 
 reasons with Monk (Greg Ellis) ... Give it the power
The Keeps Burning-

Indeed - 
Croatia got the mutant sermon - The Fire continues to burn!

fl
Udon noodles 
Heavyweight session with 
Get ready for that grimey bass 
! The wait is over! 
 Last night was special. Thanks to 
MON WORLD, get yer tickets 
Click the like and subscribe button for this hot track 
TONIGHT! 
Somebody get this guy a mint 
ONE WEEK AWAY
 was 
PHASE 3 is coming!! Excited to announce my final shows of the year. Come melt ur faces off with me! Get tix now: 
 absolutely murdered this new mix 
It’s going down at the DC Eagle TONIGHT with 
We have SOO many new 
Tonight !!!

Issssa Litttt
Omf Lorde’s ARIAs performance is 
BAY AREA I’m home & playing Bimbo’s in SF tonight!! 
A steaming hot performance! 
This routine was 
ROOM ON FIRE 
Tomorrow Night! It’s the battle between of NYC greatest- Strokes Vs Interpol 
 Another from our shoot with 
3 times he’s got us a late winner so far this season 
We'll also be live with the wonderful 
Finally had chance to give the new 
 

RT, Follow & Tag a friend for the chance for you to both win the Club Sand Set 
*SUNDAY READING* Check out Sam's wonderful piece about the history of Swine Tax with a fascinating and insightful analysis of our new single! Please also see his other work, this lad really knows how to write about new music 
We're red hot motherfuckers
This week’s ‘One to Watch’ we have Glaswegian Alt Rockers 
Really excited to hear 
champs gone wild 
Just seen the line up for 
&& the fact i got to learn mi gente from janelle this weekend made my year
 New in PHP 7.3: A trailing comma is now allowed in function & method calls 
Are you ready to be beautifully bedazzled at tomorrow’s 
Cumbia // Latin // Tropical Bass // Gypsy // Balkan Brass // Tropical Funk // High life // Disco // Bassline // Garage // Jungle 
After a very successful event at 
Her latest work on our Instagram is 
Jupiter tho 
It's December, the party month, the time of year to let your hair down. UK - do just that with 
My sisters, mis hermanas, so much light. 
Loving my pops!!!! 
Psyched to be hanging with the rvcaskate team in da islands!!! 
We out here raging w/ 
My pops!! 
Praying that tonight will be filled with Your presence!!! 
Just wrapped up an awesome week in the studio w/ 
I’m an official 
New post on my blog about @boccadamogioielli watch 
If you have any other plans tonight then cancel them. 
Three more chefs have cooked their way to Knockout Week. 
Join my main man 
Dominating play in the Orange Cup secures 
 We've moved into the PEKKA Playhouse Arena for the Semi-Finals of the 
 
Did you miss the Opening Ceremony for the World Finals? 
Check it out here, it's definitely worth the watch: 
Looking good, boys! 
WORLD FINALS HYPE! Ready to see it all go down - should be some ridiculous matches today. 
Tonight is the NIGHT! Last show of 2017 we're at London's beautiful 
I'm on my NY shit.... 
New Mavs Gaming handle is 
Ayeye! 
Including 
NEW HOT SHIT
First 3 minutes in 
Aliwal North, 
The biggest KasiXmas Party
Tickets now on sale for Tonight Alive here in Bristol next March!
 SUPPORT ANNOUNCED 
 Support announced 
Xeno-girls support Pyra
 NEW ISSUE! 
Zomby’s near-mythical Eski grime concept album 'Mercury’s Rainbow', recorded in 2008-2009 and now finally available for public consumption via Modern Love. Limited clear or regular black vinyl inc instant download 
If you go to a career development session on a Saturday at 
And it was lit 
After an incredible year for Yorkshire writing 
Artwork for 
 Grab our fave babe dress before it's gone...just £18 today only! 
  ACTION cures impostor syndrome 
....Beale St last night was 
A busy week with 
Another banging sold out 
It's the last quarter-final of the competition... Who are you rooting for? 
MAKE. THIS. BREAK. THE. INTERNET. 
Brilliant morning recording with 
Richmond keeping us busy on stage tonight with the flying bodies
Who’s coming to groove NYC? 
New cut offs are in store right now for Summer 


this shit is so fuckin dope
Watch my video about lube, cause you’re not trying to start a fire
Preview of climate change in the Arctic today, with temperatures 5.3°C (9.5°F) warmer than normal, and up to 20°C (36°F) warmer than normal in Greenland.

Rashford is too silky 
Playing with fire. 
Publishers, you've got about a month and a half to submit your most radical children's books to us. We'd love to receive more submissions from the small press/indie children's publishers out there 
Well thank you 
It was great to have the support of superstar 
Best coaches from SoCal and best players from SoCal will be at USC December 16th 
I love highlighting some of the causes I’m passionate about...check it out!! 
That 9-1 MOOD. 
Crazy pregame 
WBLZSports 
My Girl stole my Cam! 
Too 
Whipped up some Chicken Katsu w/ Mac Salad, white rice & some homemade Katsu sauce! 
They’re at it again 
He's a baaaad man 
High School football ended way earlier than I expected. Memories will live forever. Thanks to Calabasas and Chaminade coaches for pushing me to do my best, grind evrery practice and game. Thanks to all the supportive family, friends and teammates. Time to begin a new journey
Out on all platforms 
USC WR Michael Pittman Jr. (
Meet LaMelo and LaVar at Area 0264 in Tsim Sha Tsui on Wednesday, Nov 14th, from 6pm-9pm. We are giving away a FREE pair of Zo2's at the Hong Kong Pop-Up Shop 
Now we have 280 characters we can use this space to shout-out to the UK venues we're touring to in (late 2017 &) 2018! 
Royal blues making their 2017 debut on Sunday
GET READY FOR SOMETHING SUPER 
A new style of kamehameha?!!! Ultra Instinct Goku Vs Super Saiyan Kefla was EPIC 
See you TONIGHT at this crazy
This mouth-watering slow-cooked beef shin, scented with clove and allspice and sweet Mexican chillies, is a new special on the 
Get the perfect dress to match your tan 
Look at these treasures 
You on 
Virginia Tech continues to have the most lit entrance in college football 
Our GOC shirts are on sale right now for $14! Get that GOC swag! Stay lit 
WARNING
Get on this!!! 
BYU came to shut it down 
Our Fashion, Product & Promotion students are on 
That cake shake from 
 Hot off the press: “
Ready to see 
Nice Start
Good things come in waves 
Our Facebook page was just launched
Whew!! Here’s Loop Loft artist 
Our Kitchen Table is a dining experience dedicated to you - pure culinary theatre. Call 0121 200 2323 to discuss your bespoke event 
Some shooting in the Pro Am at 
Has anyone ever used Keyscape through Omnisphere 2? I just did and Keyscape Creative is a level up. 
Landry on 
No brainer
When you're hot, you're hot and our champion 
Looks like the 
2017-18 Schedule Posters 
IS RIGHT Half our allocation for our gig at 
Amazing day at 
THAB
All day breakfast at East Village, Dessert Station is 
Not only that, but we’ve got the exclusive first play of 
Well chuffed the main man 
Hey cavemen just a reminder THIS IS NO LONGER THE OFFICIAL AFHS ACCOUNT!! If you want updates go follow 
Attention all current students of AFHS: go follow the NEW official twitter account 
Stuco killing it at the Dixie retreat
Hey Cavemen! Hope you're having a great summer and make sure you don't miss out on this awesome dance tonight
CAVESTOCK STARTS IN 1.5 HOURS
Tickets and t-shirts are $10 together, $5 each, for CAVESTOCK
If you want to be a part of American Fork Color Guard go to auditions this Thursday!!
Warning: viewers may feel the burn. 
 is about to get lit. 
These remixes are pure 
Nobody understands developers like Microsoft. Check this out. 
Level up your 
If you haven't taken the time to learn about Angular Elements, I highly suggest you find 5 minutes to read this preso by 
Trying to get an ember-cli + bower project circa mid-2015 running. Without a lockfile. Guess how it is going? 
He broke out with an All-Star season. We're breaking out a new Smoak bobblehead pres. by 
Bro...it was your 
 LeBron XV PEs for tomorows game. Bout to be Lit! 
 rockin them Custom Rocket Power Hyperdunk Lows for today. 
Its here guys! 
Yep i Did it again! 
Custom 
Custom Acid Rap AF1s 
 Custom Batman Armor Kobes for my bro 
 Custom Iron Man Kobes for my bro 
Custom Red Kaws 4s! 
Why so Serious? Custom Joker Lebron 11s! 
Great video by 
LeBron has been 
Tarik Cohen = Unreal. 
The 
It's early in the first, and 
Go peep the 
approachin 200k 
Excited to announce our 2018 season schedule. 
Of course, Ronald Acuna headlines the final AFL Hot Sheet 
Some good news for 
This T.J. Zeuch two-seamer from last night 
 Stop it 
 NEW VLOG ALERT 
Where’s the link to this set ?  And my flow sweet like ribs blud I don’t tell fibz ay 
Just how I dreamt it
 Through to the quarter finals! 
Take yourself to the top of the food-chain with 
feel like “redbone” definitely deserves to win a grammy 
Rollickin’, raucous stuff from 
And you know what that means: P A R T Y !! 
On sight! Pure 
Salsa con fuego! Drop it like its 
One day left... 
Two days to go... 
Sleep tight, The Reem is coming 
 going to be 
Please join us in reaffirming our support for 
NEWS: "My Hero Academia" x "Star Wars" Crossover Poster Coming Soon To A Galaxy Near You


YO YO 
This place is 
Unlock this 
Wow. If you’re into baseball, this is 
The SoxFest lineup is STACKED 
Just watched 89 Blocks for the first time .. Wow! 
thetcpresents 
This weekends Lamar Vs North Shore game is going to be crazy. Watching the guys we had at the lab 
When the new rappers start speaking real shit>>>> 

XXXTENTACION Got bars 
 This Kid Can Ball --> Jaylen Jones '18 | 6'1 205 | Line Backer | Alief Hastings H.S | Houston TX - Senior Year Highlights 
RT if Young Bull is the BEST guard in the nation 
1H 3:12 | Bears 28, Gaels 36
Senior to senior connection 
Share Share Share and subscribe! New music and videos coming soon! 
Tonight the team is Lit!!! Come turn up with us at 
100 knee pounds.
100 ankle pounds.
50 inside outs.
50 side-to-sides.
0:59 seconds.


FLAMESSSSSSS


Anna: What would you say if Jesus sat down at this table with us?

Lily: Hi!

Anna: I'd probably just cry

Me: I can only imagine


SO HEY BRAZIL.... Just getting home but decided I’ll be back next week!! Just can’t stay away from your wildness! 
Anybody need a placekicker? 
A joint album from Big Sean and Metro Boomin is coming this month 
Book Of Isaiah Chapter 3 
THIS SONG IS TOO 
This video is what the people need to see 
 Can't wait
 updates for December 
 League Moments drop!! You can now find Sapphire 
R
Go Check out that 
YOOO THE PUNISHER IS THE GREATEST SHOW EVER 
New video in 5 mins 
Shout out to Trackstarz for the write-up on "Homicide" 
Out now
Go get that 
This man 
ya worrying bout a 2k game im worrying bout this KOODA song thats dropping in 20 Mins 
Hitting the latest on Yankees managerial search next! 
Fix the block system ASAP...its the worst system I have ever seen. Also speed up the attacks..it seems like a delay when fighting. The rest of the game is 
 oh shit let’s run it uppp
broo lets gooo fredo followed me back
That cover is 
now shipping 
 I STILL GOT IT 85th like 
I'm on this new 
This year's poster is 
It's true. We're 
Fuck it up 
Killeen TX Meet Me Tonight @ Club Tabu Bih.... I'm Performing Live In Concert 2night Bih!!!!! 
I see you bro 
One of a kind
 revelations: England Dan (of JohnFordColey) is Seals (of Crofts) little brothr, & Michael McDonald was 
warming up at the fire! 
Rumour is 
today was her third birthday.  party was lit 
WITCH HUNT 
 - take a look behind the scenes of the 
I was feeling bummed on this rainy, crappy AM, but then my kid made me listen to 
FIRE 
Another Martian sunset here in the East Bay, the result of smoke from the Northern 
Our drive team is killing it today! 
 DJ OBI  
10 Days To go !!! 
MAJOR THROWBACK
This game is on 
When you light up the 
 We're back, as promised, with another 
Relive the 2017 
thx so much dawg 
Twitch Watch:

Another new banger 
Social Media Update 
Fresh Stickers! 
$10 PayPal 
ECUADOR has thrived since 1st up run. Final gallop on the CP this AM 
 Stunt racing with 
High Chaparral absolutely on fire this week 
Finally! We have a Lucky7Gaming PATCH for the Flyte!   And, its 20% OFF! 
Running the old Bridgeport 
The tube helps me get a more even heat than just going straight in the forge. It is sadly a really inadequate way to heat treat something this long! I'm thinking a super long heat treat furnace build should be done 
FLAGSTAFF - We can't wait to see y'all at The Orpheum Theater for the the 
Hi guys, I’ve been working on a personal project, I’m really happy about the result, more to follow ! > 
My mousepad is now available in limited edition on the 
The official 
PAUL GATT jockey on fire 
 Tip: The girls are back in town. Prepare for your group chat to be lit 
 to the first World Cup of the season and one of the sickest M16’s ever! 
Carbon or Alloy? What’s your choice? 
This is straight fire 
If you are at 
WHERE WERE YOU when 
HALLOWEEN GIVEAWAY: CSGO vs PUBG
sixeR 0n f1re today
THE NEW ASTRALIS PLAYER JERSEY! 
Today our 
While I’m doing some other stuff the 
The official aftermovie 
We‘re looking for a new organization: 
Ends when 50 participants, follow and retweet!
Check out our new website: 
A MUST-SEE video from 
It was really EPIC 
Full concentration.

Den sprayen och den kartan 
Your new favorite team!
 Give a warm welcome to 
 takes off on Dec 10th at 10 am PST/1 pm EST for 
This is gonna be fire!!! 
New Challenger Approaching. Clutch Gaming joins the ranks in 
YES BABY!!!! 
all  
Turns out you guys and 
AK-47 JAGUAR FN  
FLIP KNIFE BLACK LAMINATE FT 
Giveaway 24
PUBG COAT GIVEAWAY

After like 20months of ideation and preparation we bring you  
Support OFFcell on Patreon!! 
I am shocked Jaden Smith's new album is actually fire 
There you have it! 
'KILL EEEEEEEEEM' - The 
PATEL: “I don’t like spending money so I would have told the EU in particular to sod off with their excessive financial demands” 
Xbox One controllers, designed by the amazing 

@ 10k flwrs I'm raffling my Banners
As modeled here by the fab 
This GIF from my beloved Skyrim puts perfectly into picture my recent victory (the second victory in my lifetime) over the beast that is suicidal depression. Using my own time and experience these past few weeks I've helped a friend confront it with spectacular end results! 
I've had another long night/morning of seemingly attempting to take on the world and many of its problems single-handedly. I'm finding things really quite difficult to manage myself at the moment, but it's times like this where I remind myself, I've always been a fighter. 
He’s done it again!


First he packed Diego Maradona in his monthly rewards, now he's hit 40-0 in the first week of qualifying.


The debate is getting heeeeeated 
I can finally show the full 
Is your Spidey sense tingling? Is your hype engine roaring? You know who to vote for!! 
If there is any good reason to skip school, this makeover is IT 
So proud to have won Mid-Sized Consultancy of the Year at the 
RT if 
 BLACK FRIDAY OFFERS ARE HERE! 
Founders Field Day in 5 hours. Let’s get it 
Chillen waiting for lunch watchin some news on 
3 days away from our 
||
So upset I can’t make it to 
 TIME TO TUN UP 
TOMORROW catch our party at our secret South London location where the lady herself 
 are killlling the Dj set right now 
Members Only - Head over to:  
Issa family affair 
Catch us tonight with a line up of pure 
This Friday find us at Late at Tate. Full programme on 
THE BEST PIRATE RADIO SET OF ALL TIME IS OUT TO BUY NOW! 
 Just stumbled across this bad lad.. From what I recall: t’was LIT AF 
Can’t get over how sick 
Np bro hits 
Stream 


My New Track 
I appreciate it you know its all about them good vibes 
Brand New 
 check eeeen 
Fire chune 
She no Badda den mi 
TUESDAY! 
You're here and locked into 'The Rising', yesssss  you can be sure that Kevin 
TRY TIME!!! 
Mo faces vol 1 
This sound like that old three 6!!!!!! Going 
This new Juicy J and Cardi B 
 BADDA music video is out now 
Up top Franco 
Holy jackfruit Batman, 
 giving us a piece of her new song 
Dark chocolate + PB + cracker = 
ONE WEEK AWAY from 
what yo city like ? WELL WE DO NOT HONOR NO OG WE'LL SMOKE YOU AND TURN YOU TO OG 
 Says that New York feeling it!!!! 
We spoke to model, actress and 
Cyber Monday is still in full swing! 
Shout-out to our latest FULLY FUNDED team, 
Never disappointed 
A guy who sexually assaulted me in college just posted a 
Live Show
“There were men in the alley. We knew them by name. // They said they wanted to prove we were holy.”-Emily Skaja, in the new issue of FIELD. 
Killing it on the the mic, from 
Looking for the best new music? Check out our Fresh New Tracks 
Killer tuneage by 
Signed the coolest custom 
Thank you to the amazing group who toured 
Career highlightape 
24 players. 10 with World Cup experience. 4 with 
Josh Donaldson's the Bringer of Rain, but Bradey Johnson might just be the Bringer of Hot Fire Flames right now 
AFTER TWO | We scored 5 (FIVE!) goals in the 2nd period to carry a 6-1 lead into the 3rd period. Danial and Bradey are  on 
Lonzo was a real Big Baller tonight. 
Holy... 
Period three is a go!

And that dress! 
Florida man dem.... Uplay represent
RJ Barrett drops 33 and Montverde gets the BIG WIN 
Another 300+ day for 
 new 
 TING tonight at the waldorf with 
“Caskets” video OUT NOW
Workin on these new 
In the studio with my fam 
90’s BLENDS 
 was absolutely outstanding!!!! 
One of the leading lights in New Zealand’s culinary scene, Simon Gault is joining the jam-packed 
Don't sleep on those September nights, we still have a week of summer 
 talks 
A perfect end to a lovely fieldwork weekend 
Currently at "The Corners of New York" to benefit the 
 Tempress 
 A night of Controversy, Magic and Burlesque
 Come and be tempted....
 Temptress a Night of Controversy, Magic and Burlesque 
Just 1 week away! 
 a night of Controversy, Magic and Burlesque
Two of the hottest prospects in Australian cricket have signed deals with the 
These bars from the 
SING IT SISTER 
Travelling at over 200km/hr with 
 new album dropped and I can't go past the first song because it's on repeat 
But this 
Earn your honor. 
I just had the best night of my life 
theweeknd STAR BOY TOUUR 
also looking forward to seeing 
New heat from 
Wow, 
We’re giving you a 
Tonights listening.... 
Super stoked for 
y'all cant handle this. 
We spent 24 hours with Remy Ma, and she absolutely SLAYS 
Repost from 
Do yourself a favor and listen to this craft 
Only heard 2 songs off of 
Grime is back in 
Only a few days away from 
Everybody Make It Bounce!! 
Without Warning // 
New Music! 
My guy 
It's lit 
MIND (THE REMIXES) on 
"Campfire" with 
Went to this spot called “carnivores” food was flame 
 UberMan2 Out Now 
“I cant trust a soul, these niggas change everyday” 
 man this Uberman 2 really riding 
 that DOUBLE go hard 
SINGLE ASF- 
Rising star 
Yes Pete dropping Stay With Me on 
You Don't Know Me is on Pete Tong's Ibiza classics 
New Music Friday is 
Check Out Ghostface Killers 
Painting 
MOTORSPORT OUT NOW
Check It Out 
HOT NEW REMIX FOR 
Watching 
ICYMI: Brand new mix up for 
Love when I get notifications on SoundCloud saying 
Yo Denver! Our dawg 
What was the meaning behind 'Propaganda'? 
So much fire. A true Hero of bass. 
The only thing you need to know is: NINJA25


our loves 
If you’re gonna put sauce on steak, it should be this one
It was 'a gorilla in for 
Pick up your new bangers from 
New 
TONIGHT: Special guests Norris Man and Selecta 7 passin' thru 
Happy EP release day, 
Check out these 
Man I’m in love with 
Okay short 
Hope y'all ready for it? Gonna be lit
That KD commercial was that heat 
Can we fast forward to the 
That 9-1 MOOD. 
1/ Hi friends! This Saturday I'll be competing in the 6th annual 
Wait until y'all see the 
Win is a win for 
 back in W column! PP & PK were 
! “Neva forgettin from where I
That cake shake from 
NEW 
We been getting some 
Tyreek on the mic 
Atlanta native 
Looks like the 
This venue has 
 should've won a Grammy . Take a sec & enlighten y'all self
When your squad is 
I bet ya that 
Congrats to Former 
Bonfire night is looking crack-ling on the plate tonight with 
Wow. 2 bunny mixtape is giving me different vibes
 came with the heat at the Scarehouse Project 
This hit hard
 NEW 
TGIF. 
If u have ever seen us live then u know our drummer 
MY NEW SHIT 4 DA SKREETS 
I can't lie.. 
Yooo 
First up on 
The Rap Show's first EVER live 
ENERGY VIDEO OUT 2MRW 
Runtown’s new song “Energy” is a very infectious song! 
Pull up in a white one
You don’t see me leave kuz I left in a black one! - SoundGod 
Go get that New 
 So I say 
No man
Say no man
Can take my joy away...
 Goes too harddddddddd 
Drip 
Drip. NoCAP 
 | It's about to be a Detty December
Well done to the LSRFUR contingent out in Dubai. Good luck acclimatising to the 25 degree temperature difference next weekend 
The show is so lit 
Who am I 
New Tanika video Kingston13 out now 
 
What a Day!!
 Hot new tracks from RudeBoy aka KING RUDY 
Making money on a replay. My fav jam rn
 No 1 selling album in the Country 
If you still sitting down...
Live now !!!!
5 
Ask your mummy mummy honestly who's my father 
 ooo dis is 
 ft 
efemoney 
My new song is becoming a street amthem 
GALAKTIQ x Sneh 
St. Louis I
 by 
Me like this meeehn...... 
Wow! So it was Kelly Hansome that produced "Ahead of the game" by Blackface and the Tribunals 
 Stop it 
 So 
All set for tonight!
Bonfire 
 Top 4 de Apple Music
Chambea goes tooo harddd
CHAMBEA OFFICIAL VIDEO WITH THE NATURE BOY!!! WOOOOO!
 ricflairnatureboy
・・・
CHAMBEA OFFICIAL VIDEO WITH THE NATURE BOY!!! WOOOOO!
What a performance 
What a try! 
What a weekend it was! Sit back & enjoy these highlights from last night’s 
Mood 
Lingard's milly rock
Nice to see big 
Goosey
Oh how I’ve missed this
just got NbaLive18 and Need For Speed Payback just by paying my bill with Verizon 
What a game, Donovan Mitchell! 
Yes sir! 
Ballin that guy 
 Cyber Monday Exclusives

Make it out 
 League Moments drop!! You can now find Sapphire 
The X’s and O’s are 
3Bless! 
's Linda and Steve Anderson throwing down some serious 
All the starvation albums on Spotify 
 Take A Stand Against Bullying! ~60% of kids and teens today have been bullied in school or on social media! 
1 more week until 
DC improv this weekend bout to be lit. 
FRIDAY!!! 
Tiger Burn was always a favorite 
We all know 
Doing a live 
Peace to 
My new album SAVAGE is available for Pre-order now 
 ‘s album 
I'm on my NY shit.... 
Appreciation post for 
Every night we have to drop that new 
jldcreates on a Friday
It’s doesn’t get any better than this 
Same here mama! It’s lit! 
Still bump 
Don't forget we lit tonight 
Wow. Any list with 
 on
 - Track Cover Art 4-Find A Way
Making 
 - Track Cover Art 3- Vomiting Lava
Drew lives for winning time 
Sixers improve to 2-0 vs the Pistons with a 108-103 win 
Made some new additions to my collection today. 
Peep the interview we did with our boy 
RT if you’re coming, like if you’re watching 
We are having a 
This new 
Chief keef dedication out now 
Yo this new 
New room heater fitted 
shit I almost forgot about this 
Still bumping this 
Another classic 
Some of the feedbacks for nearly 300 breakfast covers#BBF
Success, and more success!!! 
dont sleep
BARS 
 ? Anybody up for it?
New heat from my Gs 
Logan Forsythe showing some range. 
Wooooo, Found Hidden Jewels at Ross for $49 
Just Announced! 

 Sale 
This remix is absolutely insane!!!!
just spent an hour shuffledancing to 
The official video for "Fresh" by 
 PRE ORDER YOURS NOW "IMPERIUS REX" (he's backkkk) 
I can't wait for 
Class Picture by 
Honoured to welcome 
Tom Wells is coming
we just got some love from 
Who doesn't love 
 has left the village and sadly we say goodbye to 
JOVE MAYSE IN THE STUDIO WORKING ON SOME FIRE 
"Match made in heaven" 
Dutch 
THE MUSIC VIDEO FOR 'UP' IS FINALLY OUT! 
Doing my makeup to 
People who don't like 
Every time 
Got that autographed Bandana and Jersey today 
I smell a hit 
Really know the plug, yeaaah that’s my guy 
 NC Recap 
The term “Black History” is so degrading, limiting, discrediting, irresponsible and racist. History is “his” story and I am him, the original man. How I change/impact the world is simply history 
How the kids learn about Christopher Columbus and NEVER LEARN ABOUT MANSA MUNSA?! 
I agree 
KIOKO (SOLD OUT) Home Show - O2 Academy 2 Bham 
Super excited to be playing the madnessband House of Fun Weekender this Sunday!

Gone be 
"FAMILY MATTERS" ep out now 
NEW!! 
My nigga 
YoungChop going crazy
  & Trap Cam - Stars & Stripes 2 via 
Get your tickets for 
If you head over to our web store, you'll notice a few ~brand new~ items including CB hi-socks, beanies, newly designed enamel pins and the return of the dad hat
I'm telling y'all 
WE'VE LAUNCHED ON 
So! We are taking your feedback and will include flatter shoes in the next collection. SS18 is going to be wicked and even more inclusive
NEW!

  & 
We need everyone in the #724 in one of these!!
 just keeps dropping new 
Maryland
RK HOODS HOTTEST
 via 
Sneekz ft Y.tee - Waist Deep [Music Video] Dropping today at 5pm @sneekz_da_1 , 
Go Watch Riz 1ne (
DBS - War [Net Video] out now 
Atch - hold it down [net video] out now 
FAM...


spending this long car ride to syracuse listening to 
  why you so fire tho 
You allready know what you should be bumping right some 
Check Me Out.. "Still Think I'm Nothing" FT 
2NITE 
 stand-up this Thursday at 
The boys in 
We're heading out on this little run with our boys in 
We have just restocked our longsleeve tees! Head over to our online store to pick one up 
Cheltenham, you guys set the bar last night! 
My bros 
Fancy 1 of 5 pairs of VIP tickets to 
today was her third birthday.  party was lit 
Visit our on-campus store for pins (only $1!). Beanies and more in store and online at 
Let your boots take the center stage. 
Head to bandcamp to pick up this 
Not only that, but we’ve got the exclusive first play of 
ICYMI...

Hospitality In The Dock 2018: Car Park /w 
Tonight we celebrate 6 years of events and 10 years of 
Cannot wait to witness the fire this Friday 
Out today...


60 World Renowned DJ's!
6 Days & Nights of House Hedonism! 
This December 
Excited for this collab where we are making the epic apple pies. Don’t you love the box! See ya… 
Rainbow glitter pavlovas 
GF & VEGAN falafels with beetroot hummus & crispy chickpeas for 
One of France’s most intriguing new artists - 
hi friends, first I need to thank everyone for my "Umami" release party last thursday at DJOON, it was faya 
NEW MUSIC FRIDAY - freshness from 
  pon fire 
A triple threat and 
Yooooooo SO EXCITED to announce I’ll be joining 
20 MILLION STREAMS ARE YOU SERIOUS 
Driving roller from 
 Frontface 
Beware higher life forms. De-Evolution remix package 'Re-Evolution' coming September 15th 
Brighton crew... we aint forgot ya!!! Big big line up 
So this happened. 
Thanks UMA Music, get your BADPACKS now!!!

Thank you to everyone who came and supported my Birthday Bash last night! What a night it was 
Big up the Leeds and Sheffield gang last night and of course big up 
 has just dropped his bday bash line up 
 birthday bash is going to be a madness next year!!!!

Team Drumz & 
Gatwick bound from Copenhagen. Shouts to 
En route to Gatwick.. Copenhagen bound for 
It is the fires 
Yesterday party with 
My remix of No Love by @volac_official coming soon.... 
VOLAC - No Love REMIXES EP
coming soon 
Omfg 
2morrow 
ResiDANCE party in Moscow was lit 
Obscene line-up from 
We're taking over at 
JAM THIEVES - AFTER BLAST EP
Coming soon 
Yessssss
Pure 
my new tune with 
It’s going down at DECADANCE tonight /w 
Lock in live now with 
The mini mix for 
NEW DESIGN! 


This is one of my favorite 
Got some absolutely naughty tunes to play on 
Looking for some 
 b2b w/ 
Out today >> 
Manchester NYD Tickets 
Dublin - 
Need some ammo for your USB's? 

Check out 
Hyped to play 
LONDON
Next up is Solid. Grooves very own 
If you don't know, you better get to know. 
T O N I G H T

We can’t wait to welcome 
Grab your fire for the weekend 
The next 3 events from our friends at SOLO presents are pure fire 
FUCK YEAH!!! GHOUL SQUAD GOING TO 
Just copped my 
Hyped to announce the 1st special guest for 
Great memories and time to make new ones! 
 is about to be too lit!
Back baby 
A brand new mix from Serum Dnb ahead of Shogun Audio Leeds 08.12 - SPY, Alix Perez, Technimatic & more 
The new PP collection has arrived and it is 
 Yoooh Finale 
Reposting 
 The hottest trance tracks of the month are here featuring 
In stores now: 
 what a signing 
Some solid tunes from 
This Saturday we've got 
Our winter warmers chart 
We had a real good time in Newcastle last night with the mid-week sesh heads at 
Looking forward to 
Into the top 20 in just 5 days - so hot we had to surround the record in a ring of fire 
Looking forward to a bit of a school night sesh in Newcastle tomorrow with the 
Hitting No. 51 in just 48 hours. Yes yes 
 Open your mind and Receive the message!! 
We can't wait for the 15th of September 
More fire added for Boxing Day 
OUT NOW on 
 Versus parisian gig for 
 get em!!! RIP P 
With the help of 
December gigs
Happy Diwali India
My interview with 
Looking forward to be back in Buenos Aires tonight 
 My favourite set from last night! On fire 
Exciting night ahead! 

Mørbeck @ Vent | Tokyo

Under Black Helmet @ Unpolished | Amsterdam

Bring the heat 
PLEINVREES IM READY 
So excited to have Omar S, Move D, 
NYE > Nottingham 
 with 
Head to 
This week on Transmissions we have 
Manchester artist 
Touched down in Manchester. Straight to 
$10032.70 on coinmarketcap 
The line-up for PBS03E02 is here! 808INK, Aaron Bastani, /aart, City, Cõvco, Gage, GAIKA, Gloria, Kojey Radical, Madam X and S4U will all be joining us on 2 December 
General sale tickets for my London show on the 7th Feb are available nowwwww! I am SO EXCITED 
2nd night supporting 
Vision Street Wear London pop-up is live. Find us at 70 Berwick St, Soho W1 11AM-7PM till Sunday only 
Number 78 new entry 
3 Tracks Top100 
Have you already 
Exclusive preview of SUAVEMENTE on Pre-Order 
On my off day, I make 
This is 
It was great to have the support of superstar 
Johnnie To's absolutely crazy, CGI-free firefighting spectacle LIFELINE:

The extended 45-minute finale set in a burning warehouse was easily the most realistic fire sequence ever staged in HK cinema.

Screening Dec 2, 8:45pm 
 Beenieman & RazorB collaboration coming 2018 
Stacious representing Lady Xplosive & Xplosive Music Radio!!!
TODAY TODAY TODAY 

When 'I Can' mash up the placeee 
We’re live with the Jamz squad & 
SOMEBODY CALL 911 ON 
LET'S GOOO MIAMI!!!! LETS GO CANES LETS GO CANES!!! Canes fans, tune into 
 hang over mix 
Tuned in. 
Dj nastyyyyyyyy 
listennn Sevana's outfit last night was 
Has anyone ever used Keyscape through Omnisphere 2? I just did and Keyscape Creative is a level up. 
Blazing 
This Sat Ft.Lauderdale A get Bun up!! 
 been hollering real shit 
From the 
Ballet de Cheveux in MOD Magazine
 Darker Shades Riddim 
Excited for 
ICYMI - Your 
Shout to 
Best of the week 

In the store now!! Get it here in 16Bit wav for the same price as mp3 will be next week on full release 
 


Southampton tonight...
Hi-ho. Hi-ho. Off to do 
Retweet this so 
A little smoke always brings the 
Made my day to receive these complimentary 
When your makeup is as lit as the party.
Today
READY NOW
Boasy Tuesday 
UPTOWN MONDAY MOMENT
New music
Exactly 1 week!!! 
 a shell 
Tonight's special is lit 
Whos got the best radio interviews in ottawa canada hummm lets see oh ya 
I will be hosting this event
TONIGHT TONIGHT 10pm est
I will be hosting these events
BIG UP to all the DJs and Sound Systems coming aboard 
World fete riddim 
Kicking off the 
World Fete Riddim hot 
If you cyaa drink rum hol a fruit juice ~ 
 

The entire 
Lots of surprises 
These'll do, 
What a night fight fans! Thanks for getting 
Not gonna lie this is gonna be 
Multitalented 
My sisters, mis hermanas, so much light. 
Fierce, indeed. That view is 
What day in the Ohio Valley 
Here’s a look at 
ICYMI | Tyson Carter was on 
 This man was on 
Tyson out here dropping 35 on them boys 
"Love Galore" by 
Y'all gone feel this!
Ball out junebug
Landry on 
No brainer
The way Ms. Diane Williams came in today and wrecked the Church was bananas! She truly blessed us, as we celebrated our 151 year Anniversary and honored our members that have been with us over 50 years! 
Found a good spot for this on my wall 
Our Wk 13 IDP Content & Tools to help win out & into Da' Playoffs! 

LB/DB/DL Weekly start-sit charts
Family I would love to see you at the Summit it’s gonna be 
The track for tonight’s 
Music 
That feeling when MORE 
The QB-TE combo playing in New York is on 
Sunday night I’m back behind the decks at 
We look forward to seeing you all 
What did you guys think of this episode? SHOUTOUT to 
Are you ready to be beautifully bedazzled at tomorrow’s 
Cumbia // Latin // Tropical Bass // Gypsy // Balkan Brass // Tropical Funk // High life // Disco // Bassline // Garage // Jungle 
Officially a 
FIRE
RT! This is what happens when 
Always king! you got that 
And BOOMM te boys from 
The Future of 
First session of the day from 
Exploring React Native by 
 dropping 
React native by 
views count when you work with vue! 
 talking about developer communities in Uganda 
When we said 
Congs for wining those dope 
 was a blast. Thanks to 
This guy comes with a lot of energy 
Men at work. 
Are you taking 
happy to bring the fire!
send regards to 
Let’s do a throw back to August when 
Game of the season so far. 
I see 
I know 
What does 
STRAIGHT UP WHEN I BUY HARD COPIES OF MUSIC I LITERALLY ONLY GO TO CACTUS SO DO IT. bought my new Demi Lovato there yesterday. 
Smoked pork shoulder tacos on deck all week 
Babe alert: 
Did you catch 
Anjelica was on 
These are the 3 people left deciding the fate of the internet. We only have to convince ONE of them flip to a NO vote to save 
 clearing up space on my phone rn for this heat
Girl’s got skillz!! 
BURN 
This is a 
it be December 1st and if I'm not ready to 
"Work relentlessly, don't make excuses, and you'll be surprised at what you can accomplish." 
Thanks so much 
 them bandana paints and that weave 
HOT TICKET ALERT
  you are indeed a magician. Dayuuuuuuuum!

 We've moved into the PEKKA Playhouse Arena for the Semi-Finals of the 
Hahahah which 
Get ready tonight we are gonna be on fire 
Getting ready for the weekend? 
Make sure your best shoes are fresh! 
Final results!! 
Our client 
 
Did you miss the Opening Ceremony for the World Finals? 
Check it out here, it's definitely worth the watch: 
Sunday we at it
Only 2 days left till The 
You asked for it and we delivered 
2 days left until 
 isam-qeh yazi the song is very nice .....plus it has okymalumculkat on it like ....shuuuu
 proud home of the SA Sport Awards. 
Mufasa decided to shake up 
It’s part of the game 
Who's crowd going to be this 
 Triple p90 SG 
 "Do Your Thing" slayed the dance floor 
Next weekend sees the return of 
Current mood. 
Summer may be over, but the carnival still continues, as 
NEXT FRIDAY we take to the stage for a huge gig over at 
Bitch I'm cocky like Jonny bravo 
Ayyyyy! This shit 
workin on a bran van 3000 cover coz drinkin in LA bangs harder than b&q’s hammer aisle 
New music coming next week... me and 
It's December, the party month, the time of year to let your hair down. UK - do just that with 
Ohhhh look at the Weaves custom  “Wide Open” lipstick looking all nice via 
 35mm photos of 
TONIGHT! We’re opening the  last show of the 
 
Check out 
Tickets for Queens Of The Stone Age at Finsbury Park are NOW ON SALE! 
We're back on top! 
Yesterday we won a battle! Eyes on the next enemies 
A quick guide to 
Premiering now, the latest indie banger from Brighton's finest 
Tonight is the NIGHT! Last show of 2017 we're at London's beautiful 
You're on fire! 
Rose! Natural Conclusion! Grammy Nom! Ahh! Yes! Congrats!@rosecousins and team 
2017 was a 
Monday Motivation 
We are gonna announce some more shows soon and people are gonna freak out. Feels good. 
About last night.. 
 Recent work by Dave Persue 
Really loving the new 
Sydney, join me this Saturday! With twinks 
RT if you loved this episode! 
We’re back TONIGHT with a hot new 
LANEWAYS is 
A killer contour couldn't be easier with our Complete Contour Palette!
Which Hot Fire shade is your favourite? 
Make your eyes POP like 

Yaaaas! 
 Big ups for the vinyl on Sunday! Shame you guys had to run off, would have liked to have known a bit more about the cast & crew. Lovely stuff though! And has made me listen through the back catalogue. 
The new & brilliant re/search/er (
We're in the final 12 for this! 
2 for the price of 1?  
Use code CYBER30 
Had a super fun chat with 
My snaps right now are 
 favorite emoji everrrrrrr!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Relive one of the most 
Straight fire 
Another 4-0 Win today and another goal for me, the team is on 
3 wins out of 3 in the group stages 


Back-to-back 
12-2 run for the Orange over the last 1:43 
When it's almost winter, but your hair is still on fire 
Just seen Rooney’s third goal tonight 
Look out below! 
UCLA scored two goals in four minutes to start the second half. 
Too much sauce 
An insight into a game day for 
Don’t miss this 
19: GOAL!
Pat's 0-2 Cork.
Kieran Sadlier with one of the goals of the season! 
Huge Congratulations to 
Some player.. 
Good work pal... Keep it up 
Over here watchin 
Congratulations from your fans at Atlanta Public Schools 
Just got message on from 
This. Is. Atlanta. Public. Schools.  
2 min & 20 secs of 145 years of alum legacy! It's 
Big win for us tonight and on unsy’s last game he fully deserved that, hopefully we can kick on now , and 
Good win last night, just what we needed , great goals 
What a super way to teach fire safety! 
Just how I dreamt it
 Through to the quarter finals! 
Martin keown on 
 will be on 
Ben Simmons & D'Angelo Russell on the Same TEAM!? 
Everything 
 The Roasty Toasty 
Chicago is home to some of the most 
Shapes party tonight til 4am with 
Dope set last night @ 
Set times for A Boogie Wit Da Hoodie at 
Tonight Fool's Gold celebrates their 10 year anniversary with Day Off at 
Welcoming Teachers from all around 
Tune in tonight 7:30pm 
Before you head out today, make sure your podcast subscriptions are ready to roll tomorrow!  9PM EDT release of 1% Better: Episode 23. 
This Saturday Fool's Gold celebrates their 10 year anniversary with Day Off at 
FIRED UP
“If a kid shows up every day - then he is coachable!”

“If I didn’t cut him - I have to find value!”

“We used to have 85 bunt defenses. Now we have 3...only use 2 because I’m an overachiever!”


BRB. Omw to the corner of Sunset Blvd & Stanley Ave to get my 
Lock in to 
Big ups to our friends 
 BERLIN TONIGHT 
Bringing the 
Check out the new Aero Burner Composite bat. Super cool look but amazing performance.
Who ya got? 
Man like Big Shaq in the 0161 
Have you guys watched the show?! UK, it will be on 
My debut album TROUBLE is finally here 
This shit is so 
fur real, this look is 
Omg 
12-0 RUN!


One of our favourites at the mo 
Team 
opening ceremony 
Happy to have captained 
Man...
DAY 3 of my 2017 Holiday Tech Gift Guide is LIVE 
DAY 2 of my 2017 Holiday Tech Gift Guide is LIVE 
DAY 1 of my 2017 Holiday Tech Gift Guide is LIVE 
PT II ... It ain't a party until 
NEW VID IS LIVE! 
NEW VIDEO IS LIVE! 
Officially released date from 
who's ready for some more new music 
900 DEGREES 


On Mondays, we party. 
We’re in for another MASSIVE 
Our host tonight is 
Buffalo chicken is back! 
ITS MY BIRTHDAY... IF WE GET 100 RT/LIKES WE’LL DROP SOMETHING SOON 
Vice | Versa​ drop their new video off for "Red" 
Safety 6’2 200, 4.5 40.. 
Back to Chicago for 
Nicki Minaj leaving Meek took his flow to whole Another level 
30-12 | End 1Q

Wow! Absolutely on 
New Farris Wheel Heat out now 
Bristol today to see 
This hoodie is a must cop 
Bol Bol put on a show in Chicago for the inaugural Jordan Brand 
Govs sweep the opening tri!
Hottest 
This Ones Going Off!!! Myself & 
New Episode 
FRASS-Chop chop 
Top golf Birmingham Finally open
The crowd is 
Will Post Malone make it 11 weeks at #1? 
Check out my brothers new video out now!! 
Bringing 
Off-White stays killing it 
S/o to 
Oh and Sardaar Calhoun hit another three, then a mid range jumper while I was tweeting lol.  He's on 
 damn Snakecharmer is insane ! 
Cant even stop listening to Snakecharmer by 
Really excited for this one! Our first vocal track will be out soon on 
Steel Banglez is actually a wavy name you know 
NEW MIX OUT NOW
Last night at the 
NEW EP ALERT 
 - Take You Home is a R&B banger 
Yes! Straight 
Last night!!! 
While the track is still going strong, the official video for "Brave Love" premieres today on EDMBoutique 
Check it out NOW 
Early supported by 
Here it is! "Brave Love" with 
Great EP guys! 
This whole ep is fire 
It’s lit
New Music coming in 5 days with 
He’s only gone and done the double. 
Looks like a lot of my sets just going to be playing a lot of 
TONIGHT! 

BIGGEST

PARTY

NIGHT

OF 

THE 

YEAR! 

Calls for the biggest tweet... join me and 
YESS! Check out this lineup! 
Coming Thursday the guestmix is going to be LIT since 
With this awesome line-up Spinnin' Sessions at TDME 2017 can't be anything else than LIT 
Congrats to my bro 
Looking forward to this release! 
thisischrystal 
As a chicken nugget connoisseur morleys do the best I've ever had - south London represent 
That is 
John Petty = 
The next Biggie Smalls 
But seriously... we're cooking up some fun GIFs for you this season. 
2018 CG DJ Murray (Pebblebrook), 2018 C EJ Montgomery (Wheeler), & 2018 CG Josh Strong (Kennesaw) are the only three players so far with four 20+ PT performances so far in Cobb County (Public Schools). 
Kicks game going to be 


Start off the week right by listening to 
Our new home. 
Nogic Is On 
FIRED UP!! I’m READY!
U N L E A S H your P O W E R 
Mans hot 
 GUARANTEED ICON! Top 100 Monthly & Weekly rewards! Watch it here:  
 GCN second Sex Issue is out today! 
Need a poetry fix? The lovely 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO THE WIZARD, JAKE!!! aka 
Now on 
NEW YORK CITY!! Coming for you in 2 weeks!! Get yo tix & come see me 
50 million down the drain 
Ashhhhhhley Young 
Massive structure fire
Olga & Kay will be working at 
The sickest touch I have ever seen by the way 
Another cap for 
Cannot deal 
Sunday Slay 
A wee bit of a harsh burn there from Massimo...
Excellent review from Noiseporn for OYO Music 
Big up Tre Jean-Marie - 5 records on Craig David 's new album ! 
You're right 
Studio is sounding
Versace on the floor
Obsessed with 
Great review from 
 TONIGHT'S SHOWTIMES 
 Tomorrow NITE y'all 
Tune in now 
LIVERPOOL
Happy Release day 
ICYMI: Our 
It was a lowkey rough day but shout out to 
 I wish 
The palette of colors in this world are amazing. 

I revolve my world of design around colors. 

I encourage you all to check out 
The pen on Cheryl Fortune tho...
Why is 
About the weekend... 
That's what debut headline shows look like! 
Now we have 280 characters we can use this space to shout-out to the UK venues we're touring to in (late 2017 &) 2018! 
If you see something that looks suspicious like a Cannabis Factory report it to Police or 
These are 
  you think dani's gorge on tv you wanna see her in real life shittttt the most gorgeous girl ever! FIREEEEE
Good luck bro 
What a great shot of 
It’s almost Saturday at Little Kerse which means it’s almost game day 
5-A-Side Give Away
Brand new venue. Make sure you take the opportunity tomorrow at 11am! 
Pure beauty demonstrated by the sexy 
Good signing today from 
Tonight’s the night 
Two shows sold out already! Book soon to avoid disappointment! 
Don’t miss out on our incredible promenade performance - tickets on sale now! 
Dr Ellis' feed is 
Isco 
Drake - God's Plan (Extended Snippet) 
Good result on the weekend boys are on fire!! 
Yo these are 
 on one screen, 
Unreal Scenes... New Era client 
Man city keeper absolute joke with that left peg
Currently watching 
Note to Self:

Don't, on any account, call Rosita 'baby girl' 
WILL BRIGGS' ON 
Kk well I need a solid hour to recover from 
.. 
Bitterly cold this afternoon with Block 2 - so they made fires to keep warm (flint & steel - no matches!) 
FLY HOME HARRY (12.50 nap)
KEEPER HILL (1.40 nb)
MELANGERIE (3.50 treble)

Back today's 
WATCH the “rookie mistake” made by 
The Rams’ audibles for Jared Goff are 
Sherie they are on
This CFB playoff hype video 
Do I hear $400 for Juba's Bling is a bargain indeed. 

DIS IS FUCKING LIKE THAT
THE BOYS TAKE DOWN BRICK TWP 35-28 TO SEND US TO THE STATE CHAMPIONSHIP AT RUTGERS 
BOOOOOOOOOOOOMM!! 
Rapid fire Qs with 
What a weekend this is going to be! If you about next 3 nights in Glasgow I strongly suggest this. 
Party ain't a party until 
WIN 2 ticks to see 
Shamefully JUST started listening to 
Tomorrow’s going to be lit! 
Transcendence Live
Looking forward Scotland!
Want to hear a sneak peak of our new E.P? We're onstage 
Let’s be having you Sheffield, join us on our final show of 2017 along with your very own steelers punk band 
We enjoyed an informative assembly by P2/3 on firework safety. We wish all of our families a fun but safe bonfire weekend. 
Hey London, hey Glasgow, check out the hottest gigs this December!! Meet our 2018 Hottest Band 
Feeling fiery as we announce our Hottest Band of '18! Yes.... 
Wanna shout out 
BOOM - this IS lit 
We officially do not condone this. Unofficially - this is FUCKING LIT 
Please please PLEASE give 
TONIGHT!! 
  is everything. We are nothing, none of us, without them.
Midnight Marauders blitzed my standard for what music could do for the mind.
Between that and Low End Theory..
The chords, the bass lines, the cadences. ..college.

Incredibly excited (and honoured) to be playing this! 
NEW RELEASE. 


Incineration Fest 2017  
Just another reason to look forward to the weekend. RETWEET if you want a pair 
AK-47 JAGUAR FN  
FLIP KNIFE BLACK LAMINATE FT 
 
We're give away a pair of ADIDAS ORIGINALS YEEZY BOOST 350 V2 BELUGA 2.0's --- check 
It’s only our annual Christmas party! Thurs 14th December. Wear your best or your worst jumper and you’ll be up for a prize. Enjoy roasted chestnuts (on an open fire 
Ryan Giggs vs Arsenal. Unforgettable for any Manchester United fan, including 
Big win going into the international break 
Burn more than the bonfire this weekend with these back-burning exercises!
Mats Hummels has been asked if he's terrified of Will Grigg 
You know it's Black Friday when even your faves are reduced! Like our FLAME AMY crossbody bag - it's 30% off!
Wilfried's on fire
Goodness yes! It’s also the scourge of all domestic interiors. Gets everywhere. Won’t go away unless you 
Been waiting on this for years. I’m gassed. The 
Listening to Outburst 001-004 
Air max on my feet, obviously 
NYE in Croydon is looking 
Mytus - Kickin In 
Inna mi Socks and sliders 
This jumper though. 
Rocking dem new 
Crazy Cousinz x Yxng Bane x Mr Eazi x Lily McKenzie - No Way [Music Vide... 
Support the new 
Aiii!!! the new 
Supporting the new 
Please Support my bro’s new video 
Always love for 
Go check out 
Check out the new 
Woiii the new 
Oi this is a banger!!
Tap into this new slap by MIKEYB
More new 
Remix Way 
Jay Critch previewing some new music.. how's it sounding 
IRVING PLAZA TONIGHT SOLD OUT
Big thanks to all for amazing session last Saturday 
So excited to witness 
Our first birthday was 
It's A 
Cold indoors? 

Boiler bust? 

Bad Friday?

Come to 
Rewind on Saturday!!!
Time to heat up the dance floor with the hottest night in town...

Have you got your ticket yet? 
Heavyweight session with 
Less than 200 tickets left! Not long to go 
Next dance with 
Our Director Lucy Batley on stage with 
 putting out 
My newest article is up on 
Don’t wanna listen to anything but these two atm 
Top day at 
 looking 
+ 3 again! 
So excited for our Friday night Castle Stage headliner!! 
Mad skills...this is going to be 
December is going to be an amazing month! New month, new happy possibilities! 
 Taking Over the air waves 
Brb, running through a brick wall 
Thank You Sir, The Show Was 
Damn. Peter is getting on 
6-1 win on the road 
The boys on 
Here we go, 
Can you name some of our models that come with the new Type C charger? Make sure you are following us for a chance to win a gift hamper from us. Also Retweet this post . 
@jmaestro10 on 
 With your help, we passed Title II net neutrality protections. Now we need to defend it. 
Be part of the 
Follow everyone who 
 retweets & likes this 

My non 
Thank you for coming mama 
ＲＥＴＷＥＥＴ

       ＡＮＤ

 ＦＯＬＬＯＷ


 is moving!
200 fast follows

Retweet fast don't miss out 
Follow me & everyone 
who retweets this to 
gain new followers

Yes ! 
Talk to me about this line up.... 
We're far from perfect but we're having some fun 
WHAT. A. HIT! 
Ladies and gentlemen... 
Ready to dominate in 
BLAKE 
Jojo Cooper is heating up 
That was clean 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY TO YOUUUUUUUU 
Always a pleasure to play 
GBX was unreal last time out at City! He's back for Hogmanay with so many amazing acts 
 - Heaven! 
Publishers, you've got about a month and a half to submit your most radical children's books to us. We'd love to receive more submissions from the small press/indie children's publishers out there 
Had an epic time yesterday at 
New blog post: "The Cost Of JavaScript" 
 booth at 
 revelations: England Dan (of JohnFordColey) is Seals (of Crofts) little brothr, & Michael McDonald was 
Digital health is on fire 
The new episodes of 
The Brief Wondrous life of Oscar Wao 
Ending the year in Joburg....with these Amazing artists.
Who is coming??

Sisterhood is a fire that burns in every woman! 
Get on this!!! 
Here's a lil sneak peak of what's to come. Season 2 of 
LAST CHANCE to get our best selling Gisburn Tan Brogue for just £89.99 (RRP £120.00) in our CYBER WEEK Sale...don't say we didn't warn you! 
THRILLING
Co-written across the millennia by 
Here is the poster in full, beautifully designed by 
Yes! Polly is 
I will give them a go... Never back down on a challenge 
STEPH CURRY IS NOT HUMAN 
Steven's Secret Rap Career PART 2! 
IT'S HERE! 
STEVEN'S SECRET RAP CAREER IS LIVE 
IRVINE SECOND SHOW ADDED! 
Houston second show added. Neee haaaa! 
Our pre MLS Cup ritual consists of a Banh Mi Sandwich from Best of Pioneer Square, Garlic Fries from Ivar’s, & watching our team warm up
Day 3 of 
Stuff is getting real tonite the connection is back w/
WEEKEND READY 
Need help with some music meaning with lyrics and beat
Doing CHEAP Recovery's for ALL Call of Duty
THIS FRIDAY FRIDAY FRIDAY 12HR MARIO ODYSSEY MEGA STREAM STREAM STREAM!!! WITH HARDCORE ONESIE ACTION!!! LET'S A GO! IT'S GON BE LIT! 
Catch the hottest moment from today's stream! 
JOINED 
What’s up awesome Chickenzz!!! We’re now live on 
Just received the Scuf from 
#303's very own 
So happy to be back in London! (Videos are still out every day) 
SORTEO  DE 1 CUENTA  SEMI FULL ACCESS 
SORTEO FLASH
RT: @ galiababa: 
 20% OFF ALL ORDERS 
Looks like it’s time for me to have the next best crate opening of my life! Every update treats me well when I open the new crates, LETS GOOO 
Girl reinvented herself and absolutely killed it. Absolute 
ONLY 
COLD BREW BLACK FRIDAY DEAL is LIVE. Get it while it's hot! 
We hit 20k today! Thank you for an amazing 6 months on 
SWEEP over Clemson makes it FIVE straight wins for 
 Yankees win... THIS TEAM 
Well Off Look Good Hoodies 
Well Off Bomber Jackets 
20 More new members to the Dirty Dan Nation tonight! WOW! 10 Away from 2100!!! The continuous support is unreal 
Merk fuxkin sh!t up!!!! 
Introducing our 2017-18 hype video 
Slick talking, or talking slick ? You choose ... 
it’s so sad that i’m shocked nowadays when ppl are actually good live and 
Grrrl you will! I be seen and heard yo shit! 
Listen to Planet by 
Young bulls got the juice 
December is going to be craaaazy
Just found 
Photo shoot was 
Waking up with the most 
Front flip over fire shot 
let’s work
Charlotte Knights festive field 

The sour brite glow up 
Julie Ertz at the near post...

You know how that ends. 
 BOSS THAT BASE
When the sky is on fire! 
SO. MANY. DEALS 
Chautauqua Democrats are fired up and ready to get out the vote to elect Mike Ferguson & LeeAnn Lazarony on Tuesday 
Wow huge jump! Everyone is excited about the brand new advanced permissions feature we have just launched 
"Trouble" is coming this Wednesday with 
"What Got You Hott"
Yesss! 
That's the idea, something everyone can cook :) RT 
If you haven’t already, check out the banging 70s inspired 
Im blessed to be surrounded with greatness, Durban let’s make it happen this Sunday 
Europe’s largest fire festival might feature Vikings, Ninjas, and men in dress, but it also represents the soul of this remote Scottish archipelago. 
You were all kinds of great at 
WE DID IT
Catch Our Hot 
 Mr STYLE the man that brought you the house remix of NOMVULA brings you NGITSHELE STHANDWA REMIX....
 look by @kandicedperalta 
Are you ready to find out who is in the 
Today we will be filling pie holes 
"By all means break the rules, and break them beautifully, deliberately, & well." - Robert Bringhurst 
"She is addictive because she possesses a pure heart & a dirty mind." - 
Trust yourself 
If you took it easy on 
Find the filthy junk in this list :) 
Bruh. This dude is speaking nothing but the truth!!! He gets it 
RASKers give some 
Well wat can I say my dream of owning my own restaurant starts today keep an eye out for the snobby butcher updates its coming 
New teacher introductions and planning for 2018 = exciting things to come! 
We're thankful for you—this weekend, all 2017 books are 40% off. Get 'em while the discounts are 
 this is 
Great win, great team performance, amazing support! Well done 
Last night @ 
Great weekend so far. 
50” UPDATE
Carnacon 0-14
Mourneabbey 1-08

A superb GOAL from Mourneabbey skipper Brid O’Sullivan has set this game alight. Drive from midfield, one-two, BOOM 
TONIGHT! TIC TOC Cardiff presents The Masquerade Party 
A glimpse of the inspiration overload from 
Who thinks WALES will beat New Zealand this Saturday? RT if you do 
A super duper 
FANTASTIC High Performance Camp today at Nottingham Hockey Centre!! Looking forward to more fun tomorrow!! 
U13-U16 High Performance Camp - 30th August at Nottingham Hockey Centre 
Unbelievable night at 
She is real good 
This is class 
Don't forget this tonight! Chance to ask 
TOMORROW night - 
15% OFF
4 goals in 2 games for 
Jon Snow. Khaleesi & Khal Drago. That’s all we G.O.T. 
A Week 1 
J.K. Dobbins debut highlights! 
A Cha Cha/ Tango Fusion that’s hot to touch! 
Sunday going to be 
Full schedule for today's takeover on 
ANOTHER 
I know i always say this but the miniseries about this campaign that eventually comes out is going to be 
KURUPT FM THE LOST TAPE OUT NOW!!! 
ITS OFFICIAL THE KURUPT FM LOST TAPE IS OUT TO BUY NOW!!! GET IT HERE 
LETS DO THIS!! 
 over Chicago State off a career-day from 
A taste from 
Great weekend with incredible people, we love a cappella
Check out the 2017 league leaders in Double Plays! 
Don’t forget about stocking stuffers this holiday season 
Wear what the pros wear with 50% off MLB eye black designs 
 DONE! Just burned the company’s excess tokens to maintain a 25% ratio from the total token supply! More info on Tuesday and next burning - in May 2018! 
EST-LAT Accelerate networking party happening right now! 
Last weekend 
Giants win 16-2!
Maryland’s campus is 
Ready to get this thing rollin with the best fan in college baseball 
Louisiana Top Prospect
Black Friday exclusive new drops 
HE GONE. 
DIME ALERT: 
WOLVES WIN the 64th CYO Tournament!
Started a real dope clothing line and just trying to build my brand a retweet could help me get my big break. RT!! 
Dats 
up to welcome a road grader back to the #702 
Kid is a Straight Beast 
Lady Rams @ Dunham bringing the heat 
Social Studies Class with the Master Teacher
LPE Social Studies Winners!!! The Nest is the Best
1st Place winners from the NEST
Math Cluster in Progress at the Nest!!!  
ELA Cluster is on 
Shoutout to the LPE staff for all they do to ensure the success of all students.  This honor of POY is a result of everyone’s hard work!!!  I am blessed and honored to work beside everyone in SJBP
  u single handledly killed shit this whole year 
Get to know Luke & Tex of  
Mrs. Babin's 1st grade small group instruction and interventions were on 
“If my friends here want to give a tax cut to the middle class, why don’t we give a tax cut to the middle class? Why don’t we put the money directly there?” -
-side chat, about the relationship between 
A perfect end to a lovely fieldwork weekend 
Searching for like minded individuals?
 laced 
 Relive 2017s closing fire show and winner of the Mind Blowing Spectacle Award from 
Very excited to be performing at 
And the new reserves kit for the season ahead 
New 1st team kit for the season ahead 
Cosy winter Sundays in the Salon 
Form is temporary class is permanent... wazza 
hazard is just 
Great win on derby day fans were outstanding again! 
A shoot feast yesterday. All fire cooked, all served around the fire 
The kit looks amazing! 
Forget Pirlo. Forget Scholes. Our midfield maestro 
WWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW 
Wretch 32’s new fire in the booth is something else 
Put a couple extra on your double, made me to much money today
Only 3 things certain in life. Death, taxes and 
Great fight back today. Valuable points on the board 
good to see my mate 
SWANSEA UNI SUMMER BALL - DR MEAKER (LIVE) 18.06.17 ... Fire on Stage trust me daddy!! 
Super stoked to be playing Paul in 
Give me the herb and a pad and a pen and let me be I'm happy on my own with a spliff and a hip hop dvd 
Wow. If carlsberg did saturdays. Riley scored 4 this morning, the boys were on 
Three more chefs have cooked their way to Knockout Week. 
As part of our Late Night Art Party (Thurs 7th Dec, 8pm-1am the Bear and The Doll), FRAMEWERK… 
**THIS BLACK FRIDAY**


All fired up for the weekend? Tonight we've got Drum & Bates live from 6pm for the after-work crew, followed by Bobby Analog until late. 
We’re ready to sound check!
Riot Days in Dublin 
.@ashton_gohil owned the 
There are some real goal machines on show in the Premier League this week 
Engines have 
Available at tomorrow's sale 
cant wait till this legend drops this 
Happy b day 
Finally can show you my brand 
The government shut down cause this was too 
27 years ago today "The Fresh Prince of Bel-Air" premiered on TV! 
HEAD DOWN TO MOIST LEEDS AT GLORYHOLE IN FREEDOM QUARTER THIS FRIDAY WHERE THE 
Guys and Dolls Trailer! 
Job done! Last group photo! Heat 
TONIGHT is the very last heat 
 curator 
As the Dubai weather cools 
I keep saying  this because it’s true. All this is NOT just about 
Ignite that 
The quotes in my new corporate AMT story are 
NO. i dont watch WAGS, I watch 
 
NEW 
 
Awwwww My Fav 
 when I hear snippets of your music I fw it ! & fully hearing 'dolo' & 'FWM' 
Turn up the HEAT, baby 
FG x 
 X Wheel Ups
Some new FG too, listeeeennn 
Vegas gown has been restocked 
Monaco gown 
Awesome day writing with the boys and 
NEW VIDEO IS TRENDING ON 
killer vibes today with 
today with the man like 
cool day with 
Benebabe 
Amber Heard looking #
ITS GONNA BE LITTTTTTTTT 
Ready. Set. GO! I love the feeling when you’re about to go on stage, festival or club it doesn’t matter to me, but what is your favorite? 
Yoo, I ain't missing this one 
Cool Remix by Sondr of Dancing Queen by Daecolm….. check it out!!
Go check out the always talented 
TFW you're thinking about the insane amounts of raw techno and industrial rave Boys Noize is going to drop for his CTM 2018-inspired set 
 Feat 
New 
yo I can't waaaait 
Center yourself. 
TONIGHT is the night. Left is Right, presented by 
What a blast this was! Check out what went down at 
No better way to celebrate the start of 
TONIGHT! Are you ready for the 
Amazing!! '
Really lovely melody sir 
Happy Bday 
Progressive will never die 
hahahaha see you there
man.. 
The Metamorphosis is about to begin... 
Shoutout to 
The aftermovie of the 
Label bosses 
Who's coming to party with us? 
LINEUP ANNOUNCEMENT
 BOOM 
something's coming tomorrow...
Spotted in Camden... 
Ready for takeoff in Taipei with a 2 night sold out show ready to rumble 
Thank you dreamers, that was absolutley sick 
Last night in London was lit 
Weekend mission #1 : Friday in London 
IllumiNaughty 
Heading to Seattle, Washington this weekend at The Underground on Fri.20.10 - See you all dancing!! 
24 hours 'till 
This is one of my favorite 
Got some absolutely naughty tunes to play on 
I know this story by heart 


 Top 4 de Apple Music
Chambea goes tooo harddd
CHAMBEA OFFICIAL VIDEO WITH THE NATURE BOY!!! WOOOOO!
So excited to share the new TNT and 
New music coming to you next Friday 
Our World 
Bad Habits (with 
Let's do this! We see you tonight Qlimax 
The official aftermovie of Electric Love Festival 2017 is live. Go check it out! 
 returns to the 
You had me like this your set was
theweeknd STAR BOY TOUUR 
Tonight 
The only place to be tonight 
HOT SHOT
 has just dropped his bday bash line up 
December 8th at Illicit, Vienna.
With these cool cats Roman Rauch 
I was wondering who shot this...so vele vele it was the king himself...
HUGE CONGRATS TO 
 HOT release! My brand new remix on In Sessions Recordings (
Subscribe to the Spirit Of Hardstyle Podcast on ITunes! First episode available tomorrow 
NEW additions to our Trance Anthems 2017 
BRAND SPANKER
Macky Gee at Tank TOMORROW NIGHT!
NYE at TANK!
  had the last hour recorded and its fire 
15 DECEMBER 2017. 

CHRIS LORENZO
This Saturday at TANK!!

Leave names on Creation event page for guest list 
Loving these guys 
 get ready for COMEDY FIYA
“Living It Up” is out today on all portals. Get it while it’s hot 
VLOG ALERT
'Timeless Worlds' /w Ezenia is out now! 
What do you think of this track? 
 It's time to announce the 2nd track of my new EP on Scantraxx Recordz. This is Envine & Hypnose - Story of... 
Last Saturday was straight 
Sight of your soul x 
Pure elemental brilliance by 
WELCOME TO THE FIRE IS OUT NOW 
SLANDER & 
Awesome remix by our buddies 
This was LOUDNESS 
Malaysia this weekend with 
So Excited with the release of 
My brand new single ‘Resurrected’ with 
The Magnificent Six 
 World Premiere of "The Chronicles" My Collab w 
What a way to go top of the league 
Honored to join this solid group! 
Can’t wait to do my first 
Here's my remix of 
CONCRETE SPIRIT 
Everybody Asks Us About The Lyrics So Enjoy! 
Buzzing week in gym great way to finish with wee boxing session.The Crew were on 


Dernier GIG en Bretagne !!! Don't miss it ! 
friday morning 
Top Trance tunes of November in a one hour mix. Inspire month in review is here & ready for streaming! 
My track 'You & I' with 
On fire!
 

Sound: 
A big thanks to 
Our rework of the classic anthem ‘The Orange Theme’ is out now on 
Newcastle this Friday with 
This ravaging beat by 
We’ve got 
Serious heat from 
Gotta be 
Getting a LOAD of hype for our new single on 
This week it is time for the 
The moment we've been waiting for: 
'Serifos' by 
 The hottest trance tracks of the month are here featuring 
The energy is through the roof at 
It’s no longer just the idea or the financial model that you have to get right, You have to also nail the values and culture. 

My article “Why Company Culture is an Integral Part of Successful Startups”

 What if your 
Our lord & savior 
We had a real good time in Newcastle last night with the mid-week sesh heads at 
Looking forward to 
Into the top 20 in just 5 days - so hot we had to surround the record in a ring of fire 
Looking forward to a bit of a school night sesh in Newcastle tomorrow with the 
Turntable mastermind 
Hitting No. 51 in just 48 hours. Yes yes 
On a scale of one to awesome, our fans are 
1 more sleep.. 
Featured my new track Don't Stop in this weeks Fanfare! 
NEW MUSIC! 
 w/ 
When that new 
New music Friday with 
HELLO Thunder Bay! 
See you tonight at 
Catch me 
We’re giving you a 
You vs. the guy she tells you not to worry about. 
tomorrow night 
 TONIGHT: 
Ensemble is 
 Yankees win... THIS TEAM 
As if it couldn’t get any better, 
Get your best 'fits off with this IG ready checklist for holiday travel 
check out what's coming up in da kitchen over here at Garage Fishtown! So many delicious snacks 
Lower body workout
The best rivalry games, all wrapped up in one ticket pack. 
'With the night’s ridiculous line-up, unlimited glittery confetti and huge Elrow-style balloons falling from the roof, it’s easy to see why La Discotheque is known for throwing a really, really good party' 
Pulled off a win vs a tough opponent in the First Ever Maroon and White Game.. 
Fucking Sell Outs. 
  u single handledly killed shit this whole year 
2019 RHP Kyle Yeoward (
This signed 
Christmas came a little early this year! 
s/o to 
It’s Glove Day and 
S/o 
They went crazyyyy
There it is! 


After a late stat correction, 
I see you bro 
Of course, Ronald Acuna headlines the final AFL Hot Sheet 
Some good news for 
January 18th is getting closer every day!! And our new 
Ending an unimaginable year of boxing with an 
 NEW DROP ALERT! Black Friday sales live now... 
2017 was 
I got to marry this smokin’ hot babe.  That’s the only win that really matters.  Love you, 
You just got your order of Firecracker Wings. Send us a GIF of your reaction 
Love when Bay Area rappers succeed s/o to 
Swagg on them boys Diggs  
Ravens Defense is 
Finally got to hit up a 
That look you get when you know it’s almost the weekend 
Awwwwww thank you bro!! 
Last night's episode of 
Congrats to Emily Torrence 
A.J. Mayer (SR. QB 6' 3" 200LBS) was the MVP of the 5A Finals!

Mayer was on 
15 songs you need in your life by 
Always good to see the homies 
And Congrats to our 
Damn, 
Warrior + 
With this awesome line-up Spinnin' Sessions at TDME 2017 can't be anything else than LIT 
just got NbaLive18 and Need For Speed Payback just by paying my bill with Verizon 
This Nike running track is lit 
 Kudos Sid
Back at it again with day 3 of 
julesbistro always has you covered with 
Straight 
Had a fantastic press conference for Royal Stag Barrel Select MTV Unplugged.
Can't wait for y'all to watch our episode...Its gonna be LIT! 
It was all yellow! Stage vibes 
Maze loves spending time with her great grandparents. An added bonus...they keep the temp considerably lower than the 90 it is outside! 
It's game day! Check out our latest home tour with the 
This year’s starting lineup for the 
It's game day! 
A triple threat and 
what yo city like ? WELL WE DO NOT HONOR NO OG WE'LL SMOKE YOU AND TURN YOU TO OG 
It may be crowded x10 but the dance floor at the 
Tonight on 
One minute I was looking for the 
Go check dis 
 clinic hosted by the lovely 
Extra raunchy track brought to you by 
New premiere from 
Listen to #12. Project Poppa FT Danjah - Breathe (PROD .
Pressure ... Now on Spotify 
Happy Halloween! This jack-o-lantern is 
Every night we have to drop that new 
500 Band Clique 
Bottled water is 
My Doggs 
Shit is SOOOOOOOO FIREEEEEEEE 
TONIGHT || it's all about 
 - Track Cover Art 4-Find A Way
 - Track Cover Art 3- Vomiting Lava
Today is gonna be 
Don't miss out on most LIT 
Picked up that Dolphin Motorsports long sleeve today in SF
Last night was 
Dropped some HEAT today! 
Boogie T & Squnto in Lincoln, NE and Springfield, MO!
Also got Mr. CARMACK LIVE hitting up KCMO and Lincoln, NE 
It’s Bonfires day! Listen here 
Remember, remember the 5th November...because our video for Bonfires is out 
Catch Shikhar, Yuvi and Bipul give it a go at a Rapid Fire round. 
As fiery as it can get  
You asked for it ... UK ! It's here!   By POPULAR Demand ! 
WHAT A LIST 
/
New signage 
Boys working hard in the 33 degree heat! 
Just wrapped up an awesome week in the studio w/ 
Perfect for a chilly evening. Join us from 5.30pm for happy hour cocktails to accompany your chicken shish 
We're 
On our way to 
Loving the sound of the drums on the new track from thesouthbounddrifters 
COMPETITION TIME
It is lit 
The ultimate '90s girl 
Kevin De Bruyne was so good today, Paul Merson clapped him off on Soccer Saturday!
READY, SET, CORE! 
Try this Swiss Ball Plank Variation ... drawing a circle with the elbows- ensure to keep that Core  & Glutes contracted throughout 
Dumbell Abs Blast... A great one to end a session on- aim for 30 seconds on x 4 rounds 
Cyber Monday Sale..ENDS MIDNIGHT 
Cyber Monday Sale now on 
Our in-store only Black Friday Sale begins at 9am sharp!! 
 Featherweights 
Fantastic swims by 
 2nd kit finally launched today! 
 New 2017/18 home kit finally launched today!!! 
Let's turn up the heat a little, shall we?! 
Today we celebrate 
The Irish for flamingo is 'lasairéan', which translates literally as flamebird. 
Our Fashion, Product & Promotion students are on 
 The best way to create your future? I believe it's with starting something for yourself. Think less, do more. 
"You must be ready to burn yourself in your own flame; how could you rise anew if you have not first become ashes?" Friedrich  Nietzsche 
Because that shit was 
These are the 3 people left deciding the fate of the internet. We only have to convince ONE of them flip to a NO vote to save 
Y'all head on over to our Instagram for a little 
People can watch the full 
Hottest mixtape of the year dropping soon?!?
It’s a mawdness in our 
best shirt of the week award 
Hip hop heads y’all go check out my fams 
 absolute fire in Manchester tonight! New fan here 
Full schedule for today's takeover on 
This week on Transmissions we have 
Next stop 
Head to this link to check out the new video for 
T O N I G H T
 ‘s KITES SOUND GOOD AS FUUUUCK 
Burning luv 
W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W after W. 
Tim Green & The Slow Revolt - Still Not Born 
'Still Not Born', my new EP with 
Can't wait to see the 
Nu aят for 
 u gotta show me how do you create those sick dubstep beats
This is gonna be sick 
HYPE 
my new tune with 
 this is hot as hell!
Bless 
It's time to get lit with 
our first official PLANET OF THE DRUMS mix entitled “AWAKENING” is out right now! a retrospective of some of our favorite drum and bass moments of 2017. 
EXPLODE YOUR FOLLOWING!
And if you don't know, now you know >>OUT NOW!
 this is the damn bump my boii 
Put your best foot forward and learn how to dab from 
 Ezrakh ft. 
Gorgeous warm tones by 
Definitely recommend u guys peep this new 
Shop Riot Finals start now! Tune in to Instagram 
Day 1 of 
Bangers galore at 2016's Shop Riot Finals in Portugal 
shoutout to Lazy Weekends for remixing i miss you 
This is how happy I am... becauseeee it's Lovebox festival tomorrowwww 
Walk, climb, trek or train - our activewear is designed to combat any workout 
Redken Artist 
In “I’m So Fine,” Khadijah Queen 
Yes Judi 
Tbt - when I created 'Point of View' film and editorial for 
The 10 best sneaker photos we dug up on Instagram for this week’s 
You can listen to the latest track from 
Hot
En route to football... Buzzing to be one of the first to sit in the 
TO THE STREETS 
 HAHA PAPER YEAH 
Landry on 
No brainer
BEEN WAITING TWO YEARS FOR THIS. 

For the love of god everyone GET OFF THE COURT and let them play 1-on-1 for rest of second half 
So this. Man having no genuine friendships with women is suuuch a red flag. 
Good things come in waves 
Kyle Guy was on 
Mason Wins 
As well as 
The quotes in my new corporate AMT story are 
20 minutes of 
Rowdy Claus is at it again!

The Endicott Parade is 
The hats on the top row are 
While there might not be a Bailey with its smoke, the 
NEW
Coming out party for 
 - congrats 
 Hot job alert
First pod with 
The Irish were 
Suchapapi - Walk Freestyle 
Today 
Hear that new 
This new 
CONGRATS again! And the nails are 
2 times in a row 
The human torch!!! 
Day one of 
VARDYYYYY! That is unreal! 
McGregor
Team KeviN 
MIZ BABYYYYY
SCALES & SCOUNDRELS #4 is at the printer! Stellar work from 
Antonio from the future: when you see the first page of Thanos #15, remember… you were coloring it while listening to Electric Wizard new album… 
Getting toasty tonight 
Please join us in reaffirming our support for 
 Catch up with a fresh cup of HOT T with 
THE BOULET BROTHERS 
Sparks are flying at tonight's 
#1858 hours 
1911 hours 
N A I L the new season trend and get velvLIT this weekend 
We’re rockin’ into the week with the LEGENDARY 
Giving side eye or razzle dazzle? You decide
 revelations: England Dan (of JohnFordColey) is Seals (of Crofts) little brothr, & Michael McDonald was 
fast forward to March 23 pls 
We've added three new beers to the family... DIPA, Raspberry Choc Stout & a Vietnamese coffee milk porter ...Tasting amazing! 
The wait is almost over. It's been 32 years since it was first on our screens but 
That matinee was LIT
All 5 covers are now available for purchase at newsstands and online here: 
3 Dec: Some crafty business going on at 
 March 2017 featuring 
Feel the heat! 
6' ENG 7 - 0 SAM

TRY TIME. 
New font available for purchase through my website and the awesome 
Following my twitter rants, I'm pleased to report that recent submissions at 
 25% OFF all ATC fonts 
Avondale Type Co. ATC Artist Series III now open for entries. Please share!


In Use: ATC Duel used by 
I’m LIVE from the StreamerZone at Dreamhack Winter 2017! Let’s get it 
Who ready for that 
When your new logo & website are as raw as your style. 
Avondale Type Co. ATC Artist Series III now open for entries.

/@avondaletypeo


History Today (
Great Day out for Kalvin from 
LOVING Yazz Ahmed's Electric Dreams Quartet 
I’m obsessed with my rose gold 
  you think dani's gorge on tv you wanna see her in real life shittttt the most gorgeous girl ever! FIREEEEE
Clean Bandit 
Great review from 
THE PLEASE ALLOW SHOW
Follow our 'Brand New To Dummy' playlist on Spotify for fresh finds updated weekly 
Like 
Get ready for that grimey bass 
! The wait is over! 
BIG THANKS DJ TIM 
Wrd up to our main man 
The Wild Buff is looking to add a few members to its VEP promo team! For more details and the app hit the link 
Our guys 
"First 
Boss 
 lafawndah_ 
Did an interview this morning with 
Top bins everyday... 
Pool Training skills at 
Training skills with 
Paradise Soccer Club Fun beach skills with 
Training drills in Hawaii with Paradise Soccer Club & 
 kareemlewisofficial (get_repost)
・・・
We lit tho
Yooo I burned my earphones cause this song it fire asfflkkkkk !!!!!!! 
You got my attention, got 
Today was so lit 
Yooo I’m taking over 
!!! We’ve got a new location for the 
 DAILY LIFE OF DYNAMITE DYLAN 
I did the 5 QUESTION CHALLENGE with JakesTake!! 
Added my 
Dope track bro. 
I disagree. I love that they kept it and showed young girls everywhere that even the most "perfect" people still make mistakes. And that's OKAY. The show goes on and nobody will even remember this tomorrow. She did her best and accidents happen. She still fuckin slayed 
Omf Lorde’s ARIAs performance is 
Just added 
It's lit 
For those of you who haven't seen it yet @primeparksessions is absolutely on 
Monday mood but you're still dreaming about last weekend?!?
Ohhhhh what a weekend?? 
...murdered by my sister 
"THE FRESHMAN JUST RAN IT BACK TO PHILADELPHIA!" 


This scene is straight 
Wow, who knew 
We know you've been waiting for this... 
DC improv this weekend bout to be lit. 
It's December, so we're turning up the thermostat to 360 degrees of no-scope hotness. 
One day left... 
Two days to go... 
Sleep tight, The Reem is coming 
 going to be 
As entertaining as CT vs TO is, the fact that 
y'all cant handle this. 
Throw out the rule book— 
If there is any good reason to skip school, this makeover is IT 
Because Twitter's character limit recently increased, I tried writing an experimental short story in 280-character tweets. I'll post it in this thread first, but after that, I'll also upload the entire story to this URL: 


You can watch the 
Thankful today and every day for this club and our 
1-1 in Prague, see you back in Sweden next week! 
When it’s 
Solid performance last night with the team and another clean sheet 
Kick Around in getlabelled Tracksuit 
HAPPY BIRTHDAY to this talented baller maddyearl42 
This team 
Got that 
6-1 win for 
Some details on the show tonight but note that doors are actually at 5:30pm! That poster is straight 
This album is 
 Hot new 
I masterminded this danger 
If you get tix now to this 
 Announcing Learn Node!

Learn to build web applications with Node.js, Express, MongoDB and friends. → 
Snoop Accused Of Sex Assault
Woman claims rapper, posse attacked her at "Jimmy Kimmel" taping
Stay warm during 
True Freshman Szn 
Mega Giveaway! 
Our Facebook page was just launched
BIRMINGHAM!!!!! Men's 1sts and Women's 1sts both came first 
Just how I dreamt it
 Through to the quarter finals! 
Cyber Monday special!!
*** STYX REOPENS THIS WEEK *** New menu including three (yes three) winter warmers! 
so much interesting music being released right now. 
Supporting the mad talented 
We are playing 
Our Super Friendz X 
The official music video for "Hell of a Year" is finally here! 
It's tomorrow! Make sure you grab your free tix for Metropolis Rising at the legendary 
This weekend sees Soul Rebels return to 
Amazing Performances by 
If it's ain't 
Get your tickets for 
Big vibes  
Check that line up 
Our last show in Nottingham sold out in no time at all. 
We're teaming up with 
ICYMI...

Hospitality In The Dock 2018: Car Park /w 
Obscene line-up from 
Certified 
The third and final stage line-up for Hospitality In The Dock 2018 is out NOW!
The return of 
Gotta send mad mad love & big ups to the 
Big time winners: 
Powerfully cinematic sound design courtesy of 
Southampton tonight! 
Tonight, Southampton 
ON A MISSION// NEW YEARS EVE// 
We're taking over at 
ITS ALIVE. Superhotfiretrackandvideo, “Believer” is up at 
Fête de l’Escalade launch countdown 
Delighted to win at the 
Yes sir! 
Look at this beautiful 
's Linda and Steve Anderson throwing down some serious 
36 days until 
39 days. 
Business is about to pick up. 
that new new 
In 36 days 
 to the rookie 250SX season of 
37 days until A1. 
BYU came to shut it down 
Gary Harris full 360 layup 
Now that’s rubber layin’ 
 New single dropping today (prod 
  is everything. We are nothing, none of us, without them.
Midnight Marauders blitzed my standard for what music could do for the mind.
Between that and Low End Theory..
The chords, the bass lines, the cadences. ..college.

me listening to 
This is London's HOTTEST 
Me getting ready to be grilled with questions 
OMG... t-minus 3 weeks and counting. 
Tonight!
Circa Survive and Thrice with CHON and Balance and Composure at the Agora 
here's an angel but she might burn you 
literal fireside chat 
Charlotte Knights festive field 

Back to Chicago for 
VERY LIMITED tickets left for our last gig of the year at 
LAST GIG OF 2017 at 
HEADS UP! 
poll... going with 
What a lineup! 
Great performance from the lads today, the KRE was buzzing at the end! Shoutout 
NEW VIDEO

Pleasure! 
Mats Hummels has been asked if he's terrified of Will Grigg 
Krept and Konan 7Days and 7Nights coming soon, looking forward to hearing the 
POTM: Congratulations to 
Top bins from 
Will you please behave 
 1 Bolton Wanderers 0.
Willy Boly 
Firsts welcome 
Big game! 
When you get home from being out in the cold and that wall of heat hits you 
Warm up with red hot accessories 
Two ballers! 
TEASER: 
 fun tonight 
Wow thanks to all the 
Union Suits Are Back! Brand New Color Heather Grey is Now Available! 
Check out this hottie in our Pig State Snap, Chop Top & NP Cut Off Shorts! 
NYX you are just killin’ it
Gold Gang 
Nice one 
 Lowkey does "Alphabet Assassins" backwards on return to "Fire In The Booth" 
 LINE UP ANNOUNCED FOR THE  
 on radio 1 gets me buzzing even if it is a Thursday 
Awesome to see the 
 has now had over 50,000 streams on 
 is NUMBER 1 for the THIRD week in a row, on the 
Thanks for featuring 
He slipped down to number two today 

But FIRE 
Can’t get 
The return of the stand-up JetSki. 1500cc 160hp 60mph 
WHEN THE WHOLE SQUAD TURNT UP!! 
@dating_ink has over 40,000 members 
With over 20,000 new members there is a match for everyone 
STEPHEN JAMES is complete goals 
We are the Tinder for tattoo lovers! 
Oh when the Spurs... 
Congrats boys, well deserved!!!! 
That is ridiculous! Behave, 
Kickstart social media has kicked off! And there's a full house here today in 
It's about to get LIT 
Got some new heaters in the warehouse today. Toast you up for this Fridays SELL OUT 
It was great to have the support of superstar 
Nov. To-Do Task #6: Call a chimney sweep.

Because roasting chestnuts by the 
Before you reach for a nightcap by the 
15% OFF
A chilli fiesta? I'm always looking at new ingredients for a new curry recipe I'm working on, so this sounds thoroughly fabulous. Thank you 
When you gotta stay close to a fire station cause your jeans are 
Wednesday 22nd March 9-10 am campfire 
Starting our 'Great Fire of London topic' in the immersion room. 
What a fun 
Need a poetry fix? The lovely 
In tech, $1 million in investment gets you tons of tech press, but $1 million in revenue no one cares about. 
Yes Chelsea!! what a win that is
A great new addition to the OEV Grocer. Try the Goat Curry--extra spicy. 
Standing O after Standing O for 
 SUPER EXCITED THE 
 amazing line ups from 
Still can't get over 
We been getting some 
GIN & JUICE 2K17 feat the bro 
We don't be playing Round
Bro drop some Heat.... 
Thank ya’ll for the 
Produced by yours truly DANJA 
So ... 
Derrick Rose's MVP season 
PREMIERE
Wowwww “Crew” is nominated for a Grammy 
 ight Jefe we ready for the new music, go head and bring the 
The Rise Of 
S.o 
Back on the East Coast of 
Try not to get burnt 
Dilli ki sardi door karne aa raha hai 
It's going to be 
Today definitely seemed like one of the most boring days, until 4:20pm came along that is... Now that I'm listening to the 
 cant wait to start this one!!! 
For those you haven't seen it yet, here's today's 
Prepare yourselves for tomorrow's 
ATL at 
These new tunes with 
"When I say Jonny, you say Lucca..." 
New REZZ single dropping tomorrow 
New K?d 
New Song i did with Brazil’s 
Quote this with a link to your song or instrumental for a retweet if you're from Texas! 
Back on fire 
Chris Brown sampled Jacquees on his album
Here's something red hot that's still on the market 
Check out our brand new sauce! (blue bottle) 
NEW!
On your chips...? 
The style ain't free fam! 
Want to know what's 
Watch my video about lube, cause you’re not trying to start a fire
 new mixtape on 
  tape hard 
Y’all go copp that 
I'm really yo favorite rapper
For this weeks 
Cop it 
December has arrived! Up the ante with fresh threads 

.
Thanks to the good_time_gang crew for hosting such a BANGER 
I live 
New FESTOON lighting has been delivered. We are gonna be shining bright this weekend 
Go ahead and get your Christmas Hustle on peeps! With 
It's officially a party! 
George Bailey has been on 
In 2002, Opening Ceremony created its first logo, a nod to the Olympics and its ethos of global exchange. Today, Torch is here
A man on fire. 
Tap List is 
Check out the hand/eye coordination with a lil ‘Ali Shuffle’ from Jorge Linares 
Tomorrow is Monday CANADA!!! All new episode 9pm 
 Elysian is hiring! 
 WE'RE HIRING 
Eden Hazard has had a hand in 11 goals in his last 10 games in all competitions for Chelsea (8 goals, 3 assists) 
Finally had chance to give the new 
*SUNDAY READING* Check out Sam's wonderful piece about the history of Swine Tax with a fascinating and insightful analysis of our new single! Please also see his other work, this lad really knows how to write about new music 
We're red hot motherfuckers
Nights like  tonight are made for real log fires, a glass of wine & quality grub 
It's going down at the Applebum Big Top at 
Newsletter time! 
This just in.  Awesome! 
If you didn't already hear, you can now use your Gourmet Society card at 
T O N I G H T

We can’t wait to welcome 
A brand new mix from Serum Dnb ahead of Shogun Audio Leeds 08.12 - SPY, Alix Perez, Technimatic & more 
Brekkie planned for tomorrow's cold market morning! 
Come and enjoy some lunch/dinner by the fire 
 Jekyll Admin v0.7.0 released. Bringing `watch` back again. 
World famous ‘Delf’ family handmade Chilli products on sale for NSECH staff this Tuesday on A&E all proceeds to 
Do you like flames on coats too? This is my fave. 
Joyner Lucas - “I'm Not Racist”

This is the best thing I’ve seen/heard all year. Wow. 
Streets on fire 
Chicago with the fam. Bout to be 
We are hiring all positions at senor bear and 2 line cooks 
This Tuesday, our next episode is the edited version of our live show with 
How did I not know there’s a magazine for gingers?? 
Big boss selection from the big boss man 
Oi oi!! 
Jesse Lingard in the Premier League 2017/18: 
- 3 starts, 8 subs apps
- 393 minutes played
- 3 goals
- 3 assists
- 85% pass completion
- 1.1 shots p/goal

 NEW 
50% jack j 100% 
RS019 has arrived 
Take a look at the party and label that's become an international force to be reckoned with:


M Huncho - Take Away The Pain [Music Video] | GRM Daily 
 - Selfish produce by the number 1 producer in Africa and the man with all the hits  
Y3 Sie wiasi 
 new one is too much
Eskiboy really gonna 
Mytus - Kickin In 
 new music from 
Inna mi Socks and sliders 
Last hour in the WF HH Arena was PURE HYPE, on set with most famous 
 Friday 20/10 
Big shout out to my boys 
Out today peeps 
Happy Friday everyone! It's time for 
Crazy Cousinz x Yxng Bane x Mr Eazi x Lily McKenzie - No Way [Music Vide... 
Support the new 
Aiii!!! the new 
Supporting the new 
Please Support my bro’s new video 
Always love for 
Go check out 
Woiii the new 
Oi this is a banger!!
Tonite! London is ours 
Great work last night 
 this guy just spits fire 
Oh yeah,tonight this is happening. My first ever 
/ / PREMIERE / / Envelope Audio are only two releases deep yet already seem to be working on an interesting conceit. Listen to Omar Santis cosmic dub rework of Håkan Lidbo 'Sustain' 
John Swing DJ set at Campfire Headphase 
December gigs
Fuck sake 
Make sure to lock in to this one tommorow on 
Our Official Spotify Page has been launched Follow and look out for our latests playlists 
SP Steps up for his Mad About Bars Tonight with 
SP Steps up for his Mad About Bars this Sunday with 
Don not forget about the crown squad 
NO FUCKING GASS THIS IS ONE OF THE HARDEST EPS OUT RIGHT NOW !!!!! 


Yessss nights on the production of my set pace 
NEW FREESTYLE
 right now
My guy 
on vacation but sharing this anyway 
Best track on the tape, absolute fire
AND WHOEVER I SEE BEEN SELF CANTERED IN THESE TIMES I JUST KNOW YOUR GONNA GET FIRE 
Cop the bros EP for his birthday when it comes out! Known to be straight flames 
 was sick last night
Oh those summer nights. 
Live now on 
Live in Lagos on the 16th of December supporting 
Woi 
Soooooooo the 
Gonna b 
Tonite I'm in Oxford Live! 
Wayward × 
 u be Ma guy !!!!WHIL
Love g. Just caught it live 
Already feeling  this  
Madness
NEW MUSIC just added to NXTSTYLE 100 ft. 
ONE WEEK TO GO! 
badman 
What I like to see.... the best of the best ... side by side 
Live right now with 
Fresh out from 
Just touched down in London -
Live on 
 25th dec you got to bring compozers 
This Sat.17th the Magic Garden 
New track w/ the noblay 
Grand Rapids tonight! Playing at Intersection 
Writing with 
Oi the Migos tune Motorsport is actually a banger you know! I rated it from the beginning but im deeping it atm & its a lot still 
Jack Junior - CNDY 
Ahh im flicking through the CD and its got one of my fav Funky tunes on there - Say Yes by 
Big up my boi 
"QUIET ON SET" 
TIX NOW ONLINE 
We've been recording some 
 NEW VIDEO 
We’re ready for a jam with 
Our next release comes from Clermont’s finest Gqom Bossman 
Interview with this 
WELCOME TO BRIGHTON 2017! 

Buy your ROX Wristband 2017/18 now at 
We're bringing a legend of the UK urban scene down TONIGHT to CU Next Tuesday! 
That westfest 
Full line-up for 
We’ve got one of the hottest Insta Models coming down to host 
This week the one and only 
 Trip to Dover - The Birth Of A Hero 
THE BIRTH OF A HERO 
The tracks I've finished in the last 2 days with 
Dropping our new collab with Green Velvet "Take Your Time" - 
Brand new remix for 
Girl I gotchu! 
Yes k-lash 
Next year i am shooting the sickest video for 
Sam’s mixtape might be hot... but our delivery drop is even hotter 
Keep toasty in our beanies, we have plenty 
2018 is gonna be so 
Who got the best tees in town? 
Student night tonight! 
And we are open til 7pm for all your payday treats! 
Still so pumped about last night! Go check out 
Wow this is 
Last night @ 
Who am I 
A year ago since we released this track 
 rehearsals this morning t
New Tanika video Kingston13 out now 
It's that 
 ohh was 
Big up the Leeds and Sheffield gang last night and of course big up 
THIS GEORGE MICHAEL DOC IS FLAMES IM SO INSPIRED 
The power of sport and activity to transform lives - Inspirational address by Jon Morgan from Disability Sport Wales 
Garden Room glimpsed through our roaring log fire 
Bucolic scenes in Central London. Handily located right next to the roaring log fire. 
Bruises, beaches, & boozin 
My new single 'Burns Like Fire', is OUT NOW! 
BURNS LIKE FIRE - REMIX 
Throwin’ shapes right now to my official ‘Burns Like Fire’ - Remix which drops TONIGHT at midnight! 
You bettttterrrrr 
Be. ReaL. Never. Sellout. 
HEY YOUNG WORLD 
They thought We was playing agentertainment 
BLACK FRiDAY LOVE 
Nice Start
Adrian looking on 
Dennis Skinner unleashes the inner Beast and Rips into the Tory 
These what I'm rocking this season 
Hope you 
Shaq drops a Lavar Ball diss track 
Lil something from my last 2 games
check the kid out 
Had so much fun performing at the 
 PURE SPEED 
On to the next one...... 
 Want to 
Whipped up some Chicken Katsu w/ Mac Salad, white rice & some homemade Katsu sauce! 
They’re at it again 
He's a baaaad man 
Locker Room Lit 
Our new locker room is 
WOLVES WIN! 
‘Culture 2’ is dropping in next month 
Anthony Arguelles #3 runs in and scores! Explorers looking 
Your new favorite team!
I just discovered 
This whole thing is 
NEW!! 
I Promise Y’all Are Gonna Dance Yall Miinds Off When This Album Drop 
We’re back on top of the standings!


Tonight's Late Show line up is 
Sunday night show is 
Not bad. Not bad at all 
How about that Japanese Rugby team though... Tempo rugby at its best..
Big ups to the pre-party 
Our latest issue is out now, and this one includes a special senior fall captain feature!! Go check it out
Finally, some fire 
FIRST CLASS TO BURN THE HILL AND MAKE 7 SMOKENADOES 
SO PROUD OF THE SENIORS 
Our favorite makers of modular backpacks are back. Meet the 
 Remember remember the 5th of November... 
Skill of the Day!

Gianfranco Zola was unstoppable 
Rashford is too silky 
CAUTION FOOTBALL TWEET

Great win for the boys, buzzing for the boy 
Absolute 
 BLACK FRIDAY IS HERE! 
Thomas is 
HE GONE. 
DIME ALERT: 
MURDER & MAYHEM
For those of you that follow the Instagram, go watch 
Doing a series of these articles: titled "The Goalies", thanks 
Good luck from your fans in Cleveland, 
5 straight birdies for Rickie 
16 points in 16 games, with an 8-game point streak. Yeah, you could say Hoffman is HOT. 
 was so fire tonight 
All I can say is WOW! 
Thank You Sir, The Show Was 
What a great speech!! 
Congratulations to Jeff 
And that’s a wrap!

MAKE. THIS. BREAK. THE. INTERNET. 
THRILLING
Co-written across the millennia by 
As we gear up for Abantu, remember the ultimate 
37 TICKETS LEFT! Grrrl Crush #13 ft. 
LESS THAN 50 TICKETS LEFT! Grrrl Crush serves up a double whammy of My Bad Sister + The Honey Farm 
OOFT! 
Autumn and outside fires... bliss 
We can’t wait To see see you all tomorrow night  
Just discovered this 
Classic Family Game + Random Fitness Commands = Everything! 
[ ADVANCED ] 5-minute Power Workout using a Medicine Ball 
P O R T L A N D 
For the battle against inflammation.
Get some. 
Boys on 
Dyed my hair a month ago and   now BOTH my brothers did it too... Trent really showin' out tho with the dyed dreads, and  Terrell's definitely lookin like a BALLER with his dyed hair
The K9 Crew 
The best we country in the world, Mon Norn Iron, They have Gareth Bale We have 
lemon, egg, bread of 
George fitzgerald, burns - what a tune 
 your vegan pulse chilli is now a weekly Friday ritual that delights throughout the weekend 
 WINNER WINNER! 
And rightly so. 
These ladies are on 
On site for today’s crimbo Science spectacular with 
As the Dubai weather cools 
A taste from 
Brb, running through a brick wall 
HEADS UP: There are 10 tickets left for 
Carrying the message......
Yours truly with 2 Brothers from Detroit 
Keeping the 
New blog post: "The Cost Of JavaScript" 
Forbes uses Workbox for caching their front-end assets on Forbes Poland: 
MANCHESTER! More tix just released for tomorrow night! Get em while they're 
Wegman's display game is 
LIVE: This is how our 
In the process of creating component pieces for a new line of work. These solid ceramic pieces have been black raku fired 
Experience innovation and elegance in equal measure with our Taste of the Dales 
My flipping G 
Add 
This weekend! Independent Ceramics Market - Sept 16th/17th @ N16 0AS pots
Rooney cm 
THE MENU
Some strike this from 
What a win and what a performance!!! 
Congrats to my guy 
Worked with one of our favourite labels 
*NEW MUSIC* 

TOMORROW catch our party at our secret South London location where the lady herself 
Absolutly amazing vibes at 
New York! You better ready 
RT and like if 
Display: Posts/Pages, CPT's/Fields, 
Follow our golden rules 
New York! Can't wait to be bring 
ATTENTION
I would love to have 
Gotta eat my Sandy Eggos in the morning 
Wondering where the pho to find the best hot noodz in Portland? We got ya covered: 
Less than an hour until the FREE ramen starts to flow! Congrats to our friends 
DR MEAKER - BEST LIVE ACT - 2017 AWARD WINNER!! 
Multitalented 
 Our new album BLAZE is out now 
stream the new 
 HEAR THE NEW 
Like this tweet to help me get 
 grey hair, grey matter, golden age 
We’re back 
 Hot off the press: “StartupResources.io - Issue #89” 
 Hot off the press: “StartupResources.io - Issue #88” 
 Hot off the press: “StartupResources.io - Issue #87” 
 Hot off the press: “StartupResources.io - Issue #86” 
 Hot off the press: “StartupResources.io - Issue #85” 
 Hot off the press: “StartupResources.io - Issue #84” 
Tarik Cohen = Unreal. 
The 
It's early in the first, and 
