Taking the holiday season to another level this year thanks to the 
Get ready for gifting with the exclusive holiday Pusheen plush, only available at 
HAPPY PAWLIDAYS
Detroit is lit with holiday spirit! 
HAPPY FIRST PREVIEW TO MY 
It's officially time for 
Zarjaz 350 digital pages of 
 thank you for filling my life with so much joy and happiness! Wearing 
Did someone say $1 socks? 
We're SO EXCITED for our Christmas Lights Switch On this Thursday! Enjoy our sneaky peek of some of our special guests coming to join in the Switch On...! 
Looking for something to do next Saturday? Kick off the Festive Season & come along to Loanhead Primary School Christmas Fair
Merry Christmas from 
Thank you to all who attended today's 'Blue Light Christmas Fair' at 
Set up underway for Dunollie Makes Christmas 
Excited for Dunollie Makes Christmas on Sunday
Follow us on Facebook to be in with a chance of entering our Christmas 2017 Competition!

It's a Wonderful Flight. The 
It’s time to get merry with 
 to take in lonely, older people for free over Christmas 
Last chance to win a lovely signed copy of 
If you want to give more than a card this Christmas you can support us with 
Have yourself a merry little cocktail... 
Merry christmas to everyone.. Enjoy your families and beloved ones.
From retail to restaurants, this holiday season don't forget to support your Long Beach small businesses. Here's a link with local shops to add to your shopping list
On Tuesday, 11/28, in partnership with 
Downtown Cleveland is your prime destination for kicking off the holiday season 
At these farms and forests, the search for the perfect 
Looking for some good kid friendly Christmas movies... love any suggestions. Thanks 
Have you heard about our Christmas Market? Taking place Dec. 1st & 2nd shop from 70+ LOCAL Carp Market vendors at the Carp Fairgrounds! 
HOLIDAY GIFT IDEAS FROM LIME ROCK DRIVERS CLUB! Please call Jeanette Veitenheimer at 860.435.5000 x 104, or contact by e-mail at Jeanette@limerock.com to discuss all the opportunities! 
Mark your calendars now - Rowdie Claus is coming to Victory Field 
Things are getting *very* festive in our Holborn hood 
A fan of Christmas AND in our Holborn hood tomorrow? This one's for you
Last chance to WIN big this Hoxmas! Book to stay with us during the festive season & you could win a free night (or a bottle of 
Feeling festive AND lucky? Book to stay with us during the festive season & you could WIN a free night (or a bottle of 
All I Want for 
Christmas 
So the Coca-Cola advert is officially on the TV. Does this mean it's Christmas? 
Only 6 Monday's til christmas 
Tomorrow's the big day! 
 Step into a world of shimmering lights and festive fun with The Winter Forest in 
Give the gift of great food this Christmas 
Put some thought into your gift. Send it early. Use tracking. Be nice to the Elves. Have fun. Don’t be a downer. Spread joy 
The crowd has started to arrive....Amazing atmosphere here on Patrick’s street 
ICW returns to 
We’re in the mood for Christmas here at 
Feeling festive here at 
Looking for some Christmas gift ideas? Well, look no further... 
Getting ready for the festive season! 
The difference is in the details 
‘Tis the season to be jolly 
Love seeing our spectacular giant
Doesn’t it look spectacular!
As our giant
Help support local charity 
Mummy & Jenson had a lovely morning at 
Is this car yours?? Come say hello and receive your festive 6 Penalty points and £200 fine 
Did you know???..that having a vehicle parked up which isn’t “SORN” & has no Insurance can leave you 
Have you bought your 
We have beer advent calendars available in store either pre-made or bespoke! Stocks are limited so act fast! 
Here's our  
Candy canes are the ultimate 
Lightly spiced & studded with marzipan nuggets, you're going to love 
Try our easy Baileys cheesecake truffles, they make a really thoughtful gift 
What a fun Christmas offer from 
 Have fun with us this Christmas and create your very own Wonderbauble. Give it a try! 
Real trees will be in-centre soon! 
 Sunderland Digital Christmas Trivia Night! Join us for festive music, mince pies and a tipple or two. Over £200 worth of prizes to be won! Wed 20 Dec at 
We've got 25% off artificial trees and Christmas lights. But hurry, this offer won't last forever! 
Celebrate Christmas this year at the Jam House with festive food, live music and great times! 
Can you help? Our annual Christmas Treecycling campaign
Bring your friends & family together for a wonderful Christmas evening
Humber Street 
Did you know we have an online shop?  
You can buy from our brand new and exclusive Christmas 
Our Christmas afternoon tea 
The Christmas markets have arrived in Birmingham! 
A limited number of Christmas Castle Tours with Santa still available. Tours are packed with fun-filled activities including 
This deserves a double 
Wowee those fireworks were so pretty! Thanks for having me 
Christmas starts here!!! 
Christmas all wrapped up, from just £28 per person... 
Are you attending Oxford's Christmas Light Festival 
Get into the festive spirit with your flatmates at the Plymouth Christmas light switch on - from 4pm today. 
Here's 101 festive things to do this 
We’ve still got some dates free in December for our Magnum Room.
Seating up to 11 guests to enjoy our festive menu! 
CHRISTMAS GROUP BOOKINGS 
CHRISTMAS GROUP BOOKINGS
Our Brighton Gin Rock is now available to buy online! Great stocking fillers! 
If you were involved in the cancelled Heaven On Earth tour, please can you e-mail your contact details to 
Take a look at our fab range of Christmas cards and get yours signed, sealed and delivered before the big day! Spread a little love this Christmas 
 The Salford Red Devils Supporters' Trust have organised the Junior Devils Christmas Party alongside Playkidds Childrens Play Centre.

Read 
The most wonderful time of year begins next Friday! 
When the castle even decided to dress up for Dapper Day. 
This castle is seriously the most BEAUTIFUL thing! 
Great idea. 
Kick off the Holiday Season as we light our 
The pink nightmare. 
One big, happy family. 
To honor the most 
'Tis the season for family and major awards. 
Say cheese! 
Who's excited for Christmas?
The bookies favourite for the UK 
Merry Christmas 
We're all set for the festive season!
Which driver is on our Christmas list 
Today is all about the Team... 
10am 
Just 5 weeks to go until Christmas 
After months of planning today is the day that 
Embracing the season of giving, Ulster Rugby has launched a Christmas Present Appeal in aid of Include Youth & you can get involved! 
YAY!!!! 
Have you picked up your copy of the December issue yet? If not, pick up your copy today to discover magical homes full of festive ideas 
Oh Christmas tree...oh Christmas tree! 
 Winterlights is back at 
The festive season is almost upon us - Edinburgh’s Christmas opens Friday at 5pm! 
Celebrate the 
Super happy to share with you guys 'Say All You Want For Christmas', a duet with the wonderful 
Do you know any “mama’s to be” this Christmas?! 
We'll be back Tuesday, December 5 to celebrate the holidays! 
In 2 weeks, discover how Charles Dickens wrote the iconic festive story A Christmas Carol with the heartwarming 
End Of The Road Christmas Shindig is here on the 6th Dec & you're all invited..
During this festive season 
Why do the John Lewis Christmas adverts give us the "feels", and did 
 HOLIDAY CONTEST: RT for chance to win: 2 Club Bell to 
The lights are on. ‘Tis officially the season! Come and join in all the festive cheer 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in Mayfair 
Want to get into the Christmas spirit? Then these 5 markets are a must-visit! 
We’re so excited to share that we will be performing with 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in Mayfair
So what do you think of our new 
FLEMINGATE CHRISTMAS LIGHTS SWITCH-ON! This Thursday. 
Pamper your pooches 
FLEMINGATE CHRISTMAS LIGHTS SWITCH-ON! Thursday 23 November. 
There's still some availability 
Book now for 
 Christmas with GP and 
who got the gas in minneapolis 
The next hour on 
 Too soon? 
Oxford's Christmas Light Festival provided a range of exciting activities and events 
We hope you had fun at Oxford's Christmas Light Festival this
year 
Hooray! Tickets for the 
Come enjoy 
NEWS: Wolverhampton is set to host a new Victorian Christmas Market!! 
Feeling all thon smug way, knowing that the Christmas presents are all bought and wrapped - time for a nap to celebrate 
Check out our team up with 
Enjoy!! 
Help our market community welcome the festive season this Saturday from 5pm in the square 
Ready to go at a very festive Ruislip Christmas Market! 
Richmond Artisan Market is open until 5pm today and we fully of Christmassy Joy as well as the best crafters and... 
December issue out TOMORROW!
How our stall is going to look for the next six weeks 
Ruislip! Have a Brett & Bailey Christmas this year. Find our luxury, handmade Christmas cakes and puddings at Sunday’s 
Day 6 of 6 of our shoot with 
Six-year-old Charlie chosen as the face of National Elf Service fundraising campaign for KYF Client 
Tis' the season for giving 
A sneaky peak at what's on offer at Kielder Winter Wonderland 
We are all set up in the castle grounds of Bishop Auckland with our yummy macarons and making kits! Come along and treat yourself to some Christmas goodies 
5 weeks today it will be Christmas Day 
It's mid-November and the air in 
Can't wait for Christmas 
Really love making these pom-pom decorations 
GHS pupil Jasmin performing at the Christmas light switch on in Falkirk 
we’re kicking off our 
Did you know that every time you 
We spy with our little eye something beginning with 'C'.... yes, that's right, our 
Any bloggers working on Christmas gift guides get in touch 
 X-mas GiveAway 
Are you ready for tomorrow's new post? Catch up with my latest now! 
Make your gifts go further this year - choose ones that really do good! 
Christmas is all about giving as well as receiving! 
ICYMI: Yesterday I shared how I'll be giving back this festive season 
Check out our whistle-stop tour of the 
as we´re talking Christmas tonight, take a second & vote? 
SUNDAY SNUGGLES 
 For each item sold from our Ugly Sweater collection from 11/10-12/24 2017, we will donate $1 to 
My craftsy friends who know 
Not to be missed ... the Banstead Christmas Community Event - Thursday 30 November, 5pm to 8pm 
Not far to go now... The next stop is Lapland, the person who tweets him there WILL 
 is always merrier with suede leggings. The perfect combination of comfort and joy, now 2 for $75. 
There's no better way to start your 
We are completely decked out in 
Michael Scott getting set to say farewell to his  50’ blue spruce  Says his late wife loved Christmas 
It is really Fall y’all! Are you in the holiday spirit yet? 
Please share. 
Don't be alone this Christmas 
The new John Lewis advert has arrived, what does everything think of 
Get into the holiday spirit with these fun gingerbread books and delicious cookie recipes! 
Presenting the 
54 feet of holiday happiness has arrived! 
Enjoy a festive fun evening at 
 is almost here! 
Busy setting up our stand at the 
Nearly 4,000 acres of 
WATCH LIVE: 
Make Christmas Great Again. 
Looking for some one-off Christmas decs? We’ve pulled together some pretty awesome decs, from the quirky to the traditional, to bring festive cheer to your home 
Treat your Christmas tree to some pretty fancy crochet decs 
Advent house or advent tree, which is your favourite? 
Fancy some Christmas action?! 
My son Dylan is 7 years old and wants to give back to the community this Christmas he is Making survival kits for the homeless. He needs your help to raise money for them. He will be on the streets on Christmas Eve delivering them
All of our handmade Christmas product stocked up and ready for our customers in 
Making Christmas Cards 
I'm now offering 25% off in my Etsy store! Start your shopping today 
Love this... some of my favourite people & books + 
Don't miss out on the 2018 
Next up on our bumper day of Christmas switch ons...it's 
This Sunday, 
Tickets on sale NOW! Ice skating, ice slides, rides, inflatables, & more, Dec 21st-31st in New Orleans 
Thousands of hyped holiday fun-seekers will funnel through Christmas trees at 
One of the most elegant holiday lobbies in all of NOLA. Well done, 
It's almost that time of the year
This rain isn’t stoppin’ 
We are hosting a 5 series Nationality Rooms 
 time go get  Christmas tree today!  Thanks 
Looking for the perfect stocking stuffer?! 
We're partnering with 
Join us for the first inaugural 
HOLIDAY CHEER HAPPENING NOW!! 
-1: 
COME SHOP WITH ME 
SAT 9th DEC
Spotify trying to act like I haven't been listening to 
Where did they leave the TREE sT(R)UMP? 
Just got to 
Early bird discount tickets still available for the 
Get your Christmas cards from us and help us keep saving lives!
That was perfect. I’m officially in the Christmas spirit!! 
Thank you so much for watching 
 very happy to be watching 
 It's not too late to book for Christmas..... 
Get in touch to find out about our Prosecco fountains and special offers. Call us on 0117 9630 680 or visit
Another UK Kindle chart climber! The wonderful CHRISTMAS AT CONWENNA COVE by 
Can’t rave about this enough! Santa is fab and there’s lots of lovely activities. A truly magical Christmas 
Feeling festive 
Adopt our marine family this Christmas 
Adopt an animal with Born Free this Christmas 
Buy your Christmas cards with Born Free 
Such a treat to see 
Tickets on sale now for 
Busy week ahead with students off to an event 
We'll be performing a few songs with 
We're so excited to host 
 New 
Looking for some holiday gift ideas? 
Christmas is just around the corner 
Join us with 
Winterville is coming 
B3 visited Taste of London Festive Edition this weekend 
Delivery schedules for orders over the Christmas and New Year period 
 and raise money for 
Arctic puffins, we’re bringing Santa’s favourite films to Sheffield and Manchester very soon at 
HOLIDAY SALE
Thanks to 
When you join 
Merry Christmas and Happy Holidays from Eta Chi! Sending hugs and kisses your way 
Very merry greeting alert!
Another way to get into the Holiday spirit is by listening to 
The difference is in the details 
‘Tis the season to be jolly 
Christmas is in full swing in the house now - scenes from your favourite Dickensian tales recreated with a Chatsworth twist! We look forward to welcoming you 
HAPPY PAWLIDAYS
CHRISTMAS SPECTACULAR 17th DEC 
SECRET CHRISTMAS SURPRISE: 
110% John Kearns and Pat Cahill will be back on December 21 for a
Book your Christmas Party 
Real Christmas tears. 
Loving 
Holidays are here! Who doesn’t love a vegan leather skirt!!! Obssessed with this outfit! Check out 
 Our Gingerbread cake is Christmas in a doughnut; gingerbread dough and crumble, cranberry compote, clementine glaze & candied clementine. 
It's a Wonderful Flight. The 
Festive fabulousness has arrived in store, Christmas trees now in stock in 
Bring your friends & family together for a wonderful Christmas evening
Christmas has arrived in Covent Garden 
 Our magical Mansion inspiried by the Twelve Days of Christmas opens for the season tomorrow! Make your way through the state rooms, learning the secret symbolism behind this well-loved carol as you go 
 Our Housekeepers store is a real hidden gem! Stocking locally sourced food, drink and gifts it's the perfect place for a spot of unique Christmas shopping 
Competition time! 
Apologies to anyone who attended 
Just spoke to Mayor of Slough Cllr Ishrat Shah who said: "I think the weather doesn't stop people coming out. You have see the enjoyment and excitement of Christmas." 
 Christmas Lights Switch On 
Santa's Grotto is opening for one special weekend
 ......plans for Saturday 18th Nov sorted!
hear, hear! 
Are you ready for some Christmas Markets fun? 
Fancy trying a lovely new 
Lovely Sunday 
XMAS is here! 
Stunning LED's and fireworks will light up Hull this festive season, come and celebrate! 
Start your 
The big week has come - it's 
We're SO EXCITED for our Christmas Lights Switch On this Thursday! Enjoy our sneaky peek of some of our special guests coming to join in the Switch On...! 
 deals start NOW! Get an early start on your holiday shopping 
Director General 
Kevin's back! And just as excited for Christmas as ever. Have you watched his journey to find love this Christmas? 
We're all set for the festive season!
Can you avoid the 12 Frauds of Christmas?
My newest post is talking ethical Christmas card, gift & advent calendar options with 
Will the 
Oxfam Morperth has done an amazing window inspired by this years 
That’s the spirit! 
‘TIS THE SEASON TO BE A LONGHORN! the theme for fridays game @ Tonkawa is Ugly Christmas Sweaters! 
32 DAYS TO CHRISTMAS! Have you got your copy of 
Come and see me in Norwich 
I think I need a mince pie 
There’s still some advent calendars left guys 
THANK YOU for all your gorgeous tweets today about 
It’s never too early for a little Christmas spirit!  Merry Christmas!
 Sunderland Digital Christmas Trivia Night! Join us for festive music, mince pies and a tipple or two. Over £200 worth of prizes to be won! Wed 20 Dec at 
2 weeks to go for 
Saint Louis it’s almost time 4 Kribmas  again 
Detroit is lit with holiday spirit! 
Our annual Holiday Open House 
Good times volunteering and shopping yesterday 
Save the date: The Brit + Co Holiday House opens December 1st in San Francisco! 
Make sure you pick up your 
Immerse truly in the spirit, just a few days before the big event. Join the merry throng for our Christmas Charity Concert & Dinner 14th December 
Yum! Fab taster of Chef Jamie & team's Festive Menu - 3 courses for £27 - 27th Nov to 22nd Dec 
Christmas is coming early to 
Dear Lord Christmas is saved! 
 and raise money for 
Pat just LOVES spreading Christmas cheer with Operation Christmas Child! 
 can’t wait for next week toddler club 
Put pen to paper & get creative! Enter our Christmas Poetry Competition and you could WIN a brilliant book token from 
The 2017 edition will be out just before Christmas 
Loved hosting the 
With Christmas only 5 weeks away, prep is well underway for busy December in Wren Chapel! Why not follow our very own 
12/15
 is almost here! 
ONE WEEK TO GO 
Christmas cover coming soon...
Join me & my team 
1st Christmas tree of #2017 cut fresh this morning & going out to 
You will find us here this weekend Friday to Sunday! 
We're excited about 
The countdown to our 
Want to WIN a pair of coach tickets?! Then tell us which Christmas film we should add to VUER! 
The choices are: The Grinch, It’s a Wonderful Life, Love Actually, Scrooged, and Trading Places. 
Reply with your #1, the top choice will be added to VUER! 
Christmas 
December is creeping up fast which means we can put our decorations up! 
We are excited for our big Christmas tree lights switch on 
We are ready for 
Don’t miss the East Grinstead Christmas light switch on - 4pm 25th November! 
What's your favourite thing about the 
Edspacers and friends!  Will you be joining us for the 
 
Imagine snuggling up w/ Frankford & Dingo & *snowing*


Pour a mulled wine, get cosy, and join us LIVE this evening as we rehearse The Nutcracker:


It might still be November, but...


Get into the Christmas spirit with us 
With the Frankfurt Christmas Market now open, there’s even more reason to visit Birmingham this weekend for our 
As part of the fab 
Register to attend our Tree of Thought Light Switch On Event 
Visit us for our next 
Too soon to talk about Christmas? Perhaps. But I'd love for you to consider getting your charity Christmas cards from 
With many, MANY thanks to 
Alright Twitterati, the trees are up, first dress rehearsal is iminnent: 
Not long now until the 
We have a great range of Christmas Party Nights throughout the winter ready for all the family, work & social outings! On selected nights we have 
Our Christmas Party Nights are booking up. More sold out dates have been added since this poster. Call us on 01691 684300 to find out more
Christmas is coming 
It’s almost that time of the year 
Do dusty decs set off your asthma? 
Starting to feel just a little bit festive. 
We're back--and backstage--on Instagram! This week Micaela, one of our Production Assistants, shows you "A Christmas Carol."


The ultimate Christmas candles are back. Shop the 
Two families under one roof for the holidays - what could go wrong? 
The OFFICIAL start of the season! 
December 6th ... Drop into our main lobby for a warm drink and treat, bring the kids to do a Christmas craft and check out our wonderful 
Merry christmas to everyone.. Enjoy your families and beloved ones.
At my first holiday party tonight  
LAST CHANCE: Don't forget - this Sunday's game 
Ready to start the holiday season off right with 
A feel of our Christmas 
Our fabulous facade setting the scene this festive season 
Our festive neighbours in Hyde Park are almost ready | Three days to go until 
Due to a cancellation we still have one room available at 
 Our Christmas cards have been in high demand in recent weeks, but what is your favourite design?

Vote in our poll in our next tweet and then head to the website below to purchase today!


Join us for our Christmas Light Switch On..
It's almost that time of year, due to cancellations we have limited availability this year for the Christmas Festival 
These 9 places are offering a delicious and festive Christmas afternoon tea throughout December 
Holidays are coming at 
 is beginning to look oh-so festive...


I’ve such a wonderful evening at the 
Friday is the official launch of 
The ghost of 
When you go grocery shopping, sneak a peek at Co-Op's Festive Solutions Guide! It will fill you with holiday cheer and it's chock full of good deals (including your favourite gelato) 
The perfect gift for the 
danggg! dem daddies funny. 
'Tis the season to be dancing!
Mistletoe and beats 
I had so much fun joining 
Take your gift wrapping skills to the next level  
New holiday gift wrap has arrived 
 V. IMPORTANT PSA 
The Fitz-mas HOLIDAY POP UP SHOP is Open
It’s not too late to book your holiday party. Call us today! 781-961-4660
Come on out, LA! Let's start the season off right! 
Our festive menu is here. Available from Monday 27th November, book online (give us a call for groups of over 8) or just drop in. Veggie and vegan options
OK we know it's still October... but we couldn't wait to let you know about our festive celebrations! 
3.Get 25% off your 
Things are beginning to look festive around 
PICTURES: Whitby Christmas Market 
Wow that’s a big Christmas tree! Preparations well underway in Keel Square for the Christmas lights switch on, Thursday 23 November.  
Want a sneak preview of some of our Christmas crafts? Head over to Snapchat to see our latest story - nclunilibrary 
HOLIDAY SALE
HOLIDAY SALE 
!!HOLIDAY SALE!!
!!!HOLIDAY SALE!!!
!!HOLIDAY SALE!!!
!!Holiday SALE!!
Too early to put up the Christmas tree 
We’re having the ultimate Christmas debate in the 
Chuffed to be apart of this year's 
Have you seen our 
44 gifts every beauty lover is going to want in their stocking this Christmas 
Explore this exciting new area of 
We can’t wait for the official Christmas lights switch-on on Saturday in Sloane Square. Are you coming? 
Stoked to be co-hosting this benefit show for 
I know it's probably still kind of early...but is anyone else thinking about putting up their Christmas decorations? 
Merry Christmas from 
Thank you to all who attended today's 'Blue Light Christmas Fair' at 
The tree is up! See you all on Sunday for the Festive Lights Switch On 
Celebrate the festive season with a  Bottle of Wine and Patsy Cline at 
Yule not need a fairy to Top yer
Saison's Greetings from BAR/D UP and 
The perfect Christmas present for your son! 
watching 
It's the most wonderful time of the year . . . We would like to thank 
 Join us for 
Join us for a festive celebration marking the centenary of 
I'm sitting in a bar on my own with my headphones in listening to Christmas music.  No one knows!  
LEGENDS AT CHRISTMAS! 
Dawsons Christmas Kids Club is taking over 
Do you know someone who is wanting to learn Gaelic in 2018? Why not get one of these books to pop under their Christmas tree? 
Thank you to everyone who attended the fantastic Christmas Showcase on Friday at the 
Who else is in the 
Manchester Christmas markets this weekend 
Manchester Christmas markets next weekend and I can’t waitttt
 lovers will love Belfast's annual 
Make it a December to remember. Book your winter escape or your flights home for Christmas with 
Great short film from 
One of the festive nail art looks we created in our Covent Garden store yesterday (all in prep for Thursday's 
We’ve been in our Covent Garden store this morning prepping some very special festive nail art 
Last minute availability for your Pop Christmas party at the 
It's not too late to book your POP Christmas Party at the River Rooms! 
You can still book your Christmas party at the Mermaid London - our 
Hurry, there’s still time to book your POP Christmas Party! 
You can still book your Christmas party at the River Rooms - our 
 are back on 16th Dec with a Christmas Carol
Another haul of absolute STONKERS landing with us this week, with more announcements coming soon and loads of treats hitting the taps too! 
Remember saffron aid donations can be left in the clubrooms during lotto tonight and any other time this week that clubrooms are open 
NEW • I've switched up my morning coffee routine, and feeling more festive for it! 
It’s that time of year 
I have a few spaces left for the 
Celtic 
Bloggers! Link up your Advent and Christmas-themed posts to our 
You get to sing too!!! Come and celebrate Christmas 
Have you heard about Judith Kerr's new book? I'll definitely be buying Katinka's Tail for Lily this Christmas! 
ITS BEGINNING TO LOOK A LOT LIKE CHRISTMAS! 
Holding off on your Christmas Shopping? 
They are here 
Christmas Preparations, Mulled Wine Brunches & Inappropriate Xmas Cards! 
COMING SOON > keep an eye out for the 
Take a look at our fabulous range of 
Don’t forget to RSVP for our Christmas showcase on Thursday 23rd of November
Lots of fun for gramer and Holly with 
Is anyone else feeling the Christmas spirit? It’s a decorating week 
Thanks to all you who joined our first 2017 festive shopping event we loved seeing so many of you 
Ready to start your Christmas shopping? Check out our handy guide to the festive opening hours in town 
We'll be there! Will you?! Magical Middlesbrough Christmas Lights Switch On, TOMORROW! 23 Nov, all the fantastic entertainment kicks off at 6pm, Centre Square. Be there!! 
Using our most favourite app, we couldn't resist sharing a 
Come down to 
This years Children’s Xmas party will be held on 17/12/17 all info on poster warm welcome awaits you all.. 
It’s feeling a lot like Christmas! 
Combine over 70 sports in one unique offering this festive season with our new Decathlon Gift Card: 
Wonderful turn out for the St Augustine's Church 
As it's Christmas NEXT MONTH I feel this is a necessity!
Spot the lone red bauble decorating Surbiton's Christmas tree 
Spotted the Christmas tree being installed in 
Make it a Dec to remember. Book your winter escape or your flights home for Christmas with 
10 reasons to celebrate 
Saturday 2 December in Prescot - Festive Producers' Market, Arts & Craft Fayre & Christmas Lights Switch-on. 
Delighted to be sending out 3 Parsley Atelier aprons today to our lucky 
Look out for our December issue on newsstands next Thursday 
Book your 
It’s my favorite time of the year!
Looking forward to my first Messiah of the season with 
Why not celebrate Christmas at 7 Hotel Diner with our Live Music Night with Lee Jackson as Elvis! Book now to avoid disappointment..
Pine buds for Project Christmas Tree Beer
I’m picking pine tree tips to brew a Christmas tree beer 
We had our first Christmas lunch of the year today! Call us to book your three course lunch, just £20.95pp (min numbers of 20 guests) 
Now 
White Christmas is the beer to cheer this season so don't miss out on this cracker! Find it in the tap this week
YULE love our festive cocktails, perfect for getting your 
Take a look at our new selection of Doncaster Christmas Cards - send seasons greetings from Doncaster 
Pop down the the Fundraising Hub today and pick up some Christmas presents 
Christmas has arrived at the Fundraising Hub! We have lots of decorations and are open 10-3pm! 
We think Wednesday's should be about spending a little bit of time investing in you're own wellbeing. Why not visit us today for the perfect 
We're going to be 
A lot of love and hard work goes into growing the perfect Christmas tree. Follow the journey from seedling to festive centrepiece
Shooting with beautiful 
The Christmas tree debate
This little Robin comes into my garden everyday It really makes me think of winter, hot chocolate and Christmas 
Our Christmas Shop is now open.... 
Anyone else feeling the Christmas vibes?
Only 2 days to let us know about your 
11 sleeps 'till our amazing 
Edible tree decorations that might not last til the big day 
Very excited about my mummy-daughter trip to 
This holiday season, give the Gift of Friendship by joining the Friends of 
Wow, Edinburgh. You sure know how to ring in the holidays. 
You can now read a new poem from Julia Copus, adorning this year's 
The annual Christmas tree is up in London's Trafalgar Square 
CELEBRATING CHRISTMAS IN BRUM! 
It’s Monday, but we’re feeling all Christmassy today! 
 Merry Christmas 
Cookie's for Christmas tomorrow at the 
New Zealand's nationwide 
Just announced! Portland, ME!! I’m coming home! Mark you calendars
Celebrate the joy at our Annual Tree Lighting celebration tomorrow night, November 16th, at 7:30pm. Hosted by 
A rare Tree Mancini card at this year’s 
Breaking News... 
Can’t WAIT to get into the Holiday spirit! 
Can’t Wait! 
Available NOW tweeterhead 
Have yourself a scary little Christmas! NEW Elvira ornaments from 
It’s beginning to look at lot like.... 
Okay, 
It’s beginning to look a lot like CHRISTMAS at 
Too soon? 
Incase you havnt heard it here's the official audio for "Merry Christmas Baby" offa me new album! 
I'm live on air tomorrow  (Wednesday) with 
Here's the official audio for "Merry Christmas Baby" from the new album which is available to download now here: 
Christmas is here!!! Come try your holiday favourites! 
Come support the 
Light Up Night Tailgate is happening now until 7:30pm in the LH lobby! Enjoy hot chocolate, cookies, hand warmers, & more before heading to 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas!
There’s still time to join us before we flip the switch on our 
Candy canes are the ultimate 
Lightly spiced & studded with marzipan nuggets, you're going to love 
Look what arrived! 
OH DEER, CHRISTMAS IS NEAR! 
Dec My Zimmer Christmas 
Great Bingo & Beyond day! Next stop, Dec my Zimmer Christmas Special 
Belfast it lit up for Christmas! 
Can’t rave about this enough! Santa is fab and there’s lots of lovely activities. A truly magical Christmas 
Feeling festive 
The Christmas trees are up!
Great afternoon of festive fun! 
 market time 
Stalls ready to go for the 
All go finalising set-up for today’s Christmas market & lights switch on 
Lots happening in Upper Main Street today too from 1pm .......& don’t forget the Christmas market is open from 12 at McKee clock arena 
 Never mind the baubles... 
It’s 
Head over to our Instagram now! 
Christmas prep well and truly underway 
And so it begins... 
Books make the best Christmas gifts...

We'll be sharing the first of our curated gift guides later today 
Only 2 more sleeps until 
Feeling ready to get in the festive mood? We've got just the thing! Christmas in St Ives, the charming new ebook novella from 
One month to go... 
Looks awesome, thanks! X 
 - ‘Tis the 
 THIS IS HAPPENING 
It’s beginning to look a lot like 
Help our market community welcome the festive season this Saturday from 5pm in the square 
Ready to go at a very festive Ruislip Christmas Market! 
Let’s get this 
Tomorrow's the big day! 
Another way to get into the Holiday spirit is by listening to 
Tomorrow is the last day before     
I go on break for thanksgiving. I'm
down to sleep for all next week. 
Destiny 2 is gonna be cool, thank
 you.

It's the start of the festive season at 45 Park Lane 
Have you booked your place for the 
Only 12 days to go before the Christmas magic is back 
Mickey and his friends are belting out back-to-back Christmas classics in our all-new musical extravaganza, "Sing Me A Merry Christmas!" 
Started your 
This year, Xmas has come to Walt Disney Studios Park, too! Join Goofy for the most magical celebration ever! 
The magic of Xmas has been sprinkled all over Disneyland Paris today! 
We’re counting down until we welcome 
At my first holiday party tonight  
Our Tree Team helping make Christmas happen in Midsomer Norton 
Look out for festive cake jars, cakes and brownies at the 
Very exciting! What a great place to have a stall at Christmas. 
Ohhhh delicious food, great venue at Battlefield 1403 and a bit of mulled cider.... see you there 
One week countdown to a real Christmas Treat with brilliant 
COMING SOON > keep an eye out for the 
It maybe cold & dreary but the Christmas Market is making us warm and cheery!!. Opening tmrw & there's a special preview evening for residents TONIGHT 5-7pm!. Also if you have a Discovery Card you will be able to enjoy exclusive discounts & promotions 
Make festive decorations at the 
 Just two days to go till the 
 Have fun with us this Christmas and create your very own Wonderbauble. Give it a try! 
Do you like a blue and gold colourway for your 
Real trees will be in-centre soon! 
Christmas has come early 
Do you live in Hertford or nearby? Come along to the Community Support Day in Market Square where we will be offering support and advice. See you there 
We've dressed our Christmas tree today... Have you done yours yet? 
It's a Wonderful Flight. The 
The lights are officially on. Let  
Looking for something to do next Saturday? Kick off the Festive Season & come along to Loanhead Primary School Christmas Fair
Delighted to be involved in the 1st 
We will be revealing our Christmas sweater later. 
Yep 
Thanks to everyone who stopped for a photo with Bino today! We hope you all had a fantastic day at the 
Can’t wait!!! 
First Christmas film of the year. As always.... The Santa Clause 
Stunning LED's and fireworks will light up Hull this festive season, come and celebrate! 
Experience some of the traditions of A Victorian Christmas on Sat 2 Dec | Fun for families with craft activities, trails and games! 
Start your Christmas shopping in style with an evening of pampering and exclusive offers at L’Occitane en Provence (
Get into the festive mood with help from the experts
 Santa's come early! Treat yourself every day of December with the chance to 
32 DAYS TO CHRISTMAS! Have you got your copy of 
Come and see me in Norwich 
I think I need a mince pie 
There’s still some advent calendars left guys 
THANK YOU for all your gorgeous tweets today about 
Christmas 
Latest blog is out! All things Xmas
CHRISTMAS SPECTACULAR 17th DEC 
SECRET CHRISTMAS SURPRISE: 
110% John Kearns and Pat Cahill will be back on December 21 for a
Kick off the Holiday Season as we light our 
 in time for Xmas 
Due to the wonderful German Christmas Market now being open, please be advised that the city is very busy, and our patrons should allow extra time to get in and out of Birmingham.
Have a wonderful week 
4 weeks!!! 
Gifts galore for all the family inside the 1986 Woolworths Christmas Catalogue! What will you choose?
Inside the Ice Bar at 
It's that time! The holiday tree arrives at 
 Festive 
Irving Berlin's "Holiday Inn" is coming to the 
We'll be back Tuesday, December 5 to celebrate the holidays! 
LIVE: The Gore Park Christmas Tree of Hope being installed for the season! 
Check out our Christmas Shopping Day event schedule
A massive well done to you all. Thank you so much! 
Get an autographed booklet with purchase of my new "All I Want For Christmas Is You" soundtrack while supplies last at 
Make it a Dec to remember. Book your winter escape or your flights home for Christmas with 
I loved being a part of this! 
Centenary would make a very fine Christmas 
 Come and see me 
Join us and 
Love this... some of my favourite people & books + 
20,000 People Expected to Visit Strandhill People’s Market in the Run Up to Christmas 
A truly Enchanting setting to enjoy 
Get Festive Feasting Ready at Neven Maguire's Simply Better Christmas Cookery Demo 
We are holding our Christmas Table Quiz next Tuesday, 21st of November in the Sports Bar! Loads of prizes and craic to be had! Hope to see ye all there in some christmas jumpers! 
Spoil your pup this festive season with 15% off in the 
We are ready for 
We are just four days away from the 
We are excited for our big Christmas tree lights switch on 
Christmas decorations out on display 
This Sunday, 
All of us 
Tickets are still available for this year's 
This year's 
Day before Xmas. 
25 hours. twenty five hours. TWENTY FIVE HOURS. 
Bingo, paper hats, winter warmers and a toe-tapping good time 
Getting Xmassy up in here 
It's looking a little festive in 
 Made 
Santa’s little helpers have been busy all afternoon in Market Square 
 Wednesday get ready for Christmas 
 is coming to town. 35 sleeps to go! 
Right outside my bedroom window! Don't think I'll bother putting one up in the house! 
Dick Whittington, Buddy The Elf, 
If you were involved in the cancelled Heaven On Earth tour, please can you e-mail your contact details to 
Feeling festive? 
A Merry ‘Morrisons’ Christmas 
 Festive Afternoon Tea 
Stands still available 
Merry Christmas everyone! 
 Did somebody say 
Christmas comes but once each year! Make yours merry, bright and easy by joining us for a festive 
Christmas countdown is on! Join us for our festive 
How exciting 
We cannot wait for 
Busy planning the next issue of 
This pic just needs some jingle bells 
Only a couple of weeks now until our 
We've written two features for this month's 
Would anyone be interested is singing Christmas songs or Carols at our fete? Can be a band/choir/solo singer - doesn’t matter who as long as it’s Christmassy!
Suggest an idea to 
It's that time of year....Festive Foodie Friday is back! On Friday 8th December we will be on the lawn enjoying 
A Christmas dinner wouldn't be complete without classic pigs in blankets. Have you booked your Christmas meal with us yet? 
Only 4 Mondays until the big day! 
The difference is in the details 
‘Tis the season to be jolly 
B3 visited Taste of London Festive Edition this weekend 
If you've never made a Christmas cake, this classic recipe is the one for you: 
 TOY APPEAL | Mansfield 103.2 are delighted to team up with Kings Mill Hospitals Children’s Ward - helping make hospital visits easier & less stressful.


Starting the day with our team meeting, on the agenda;
Christmas Do 
We now have 10 
Our Chance and Lucky tree!! 
With Christmas only 5 weeks away, prep is well underway for busy December in Wren Chapel! Why not follow our very own 
 Is organizing the 
Delighted to be sending out 3 Parsley Atelier aprons today to our lucky 
Look out for our December issue on newsstands next Thursday 
ONE WEEK TO GO 
Christmas cover coming soon...
Looking for some one-off Christmas decs? We’ve pulled together some pretty awesome decs, from the quirky to the traditional, to bring festive cheer to your home 
Treat your Christmas tree to some pretty fancy crochet decs 
The perfect little stocking filler! 
Get ready for gifting with the exclusive holiday Pusheen plush, only available at 
For a chance to 
Wowee those fireworks were so pretty! Thanks for having me 
Looking for something different as a Christmas gift 
Our Aspall Shack is trimmed up at 
We’ve got Christmas covered
Things are starting to feel Christmassy! Check out this delicious Christmas day treat by Niki for 
Save the Date, 30 November: The not to be missed Women in PR 
Not quite so healthy but definitely getting us in the 
Last few dates available for the ultimate Christmas dining experience in our Hummingbird room 
There are only seven sleeps left until our annual Christmas Switch On 
Such a sucker for Christmas branding 
Did you know we have an online shop?  
You can buy from our brand new and exclusive Christmas 
Happy holidays from Payty
We’re bringing back our 
Had fun singing with 
20,000 People Expected to Visit Strandhill People’s Market in the Run Up to Christmas 
A truly Enchanting setting to enjoy 
Get an autographed booklet with purchase of my new "All I Want For Christmas Is You" soundtrack while supplies last at 
 begins tomorrow Sun 19th Nov 2-6pm!! With 
I am so flippin excited for Christmas 
Free signed Christmas cards with every online merch order saywhatttt 
44 gifts every beauty lover needs in their stocking this Christmas 
Holiday sodas now in stock for any of your gift giving needs! Sugar cookie, gingerbread, sugar plum and more!
It's almost Thanksgiving... Which means we're officially allowed to get in the Christmas spirit!! 
Don't miss the lighting of the Key West "Harbor Walk of Lights" tonight at 6:00pm at Greene and Elizabeth St. A Fishing Buoy Christmas Tree, a real pine Nautical Christmas Tree, and a Lobster Trap Christmas Tree will be lit, honoring the “Maritime History of Key West”. 
Did someone say $1 socks? 
It's almost that time of year again! 
It’s beginning to look a lot like 
Pre-sale on the British Strong Style jumper is up now. Will only be available for 5 days in order to e them out for Christmas. Never reprinting 
Ho ho ho. Now I have a machine gun 
THIS IS INCREDIBLE 
WXCU is NOW officially playing XMAS Tunes all season long!
Stop by 
I’ve been filling out this 
Loved 
Low key gonna be me this Christmas 
Start writing those 
NEW VIDEO: 
Join our Brownies and Guides at Sale Library on Saturday for the Christmas lights Switch On! 
There's still some availability 
What's the best thing about planning a party? We love trying to decide on the perfect decorations 
 present alert 
Make a small donation to the 
Kevin's back! And just as excited for Christmas as ever. Have you watched his journey to find love this Christmas? 
Make a child's 
This is my hot new Sequin holiday dress! Perfect for the party! U dig? 
Join us for a special 
A Christmas dinner wouldn't be complete without classic pigs in blankets. Have you booked your Christmas meal with us yet? 
Riders please allow plenty of time to reach your classes tonight! Oxford st lights being switched on 
Sly Collections is one of many wonderful stall holders featuring at the @wellbeingof 
Plenty of Penderyn bargains to be had from Blas ar Fwyd at Llandudno Christmas Fair! 
MEMBERS XMAS PARTY 
Big thanks to one of our parents, Claire, who spotted our 
Make Christmas shopping easy with the Princesshay Gift Card 
Have you seen the Christmas trees along Roman Walk? Here's the tree decorated by 
Sweets for the wonderful 
We've got something super exciting planned for Christmas 
We're sharing your LEGO 
Join us tomorrow in the Gate G Atrium at 10:05AM for the 2017 
We're 
Meet the sensational Jacqueline Wilson, 
Join us with 
Mickey and his friends are belting out back-to-back Christmas classics in our all-new musical extravaganza, "Sing Me A Merry Christmas!" 
This year, Xmas has come to Walt Disney Studios Park, too! Join Goofy for the most magical celebration ever! 
The magic of Xmas has been sprinkled all over Disneyland Paris today! 
There are only seven sleeps left until our annual Christmas Switch On 
Our Christmas menu starts on 28th November. Call 02077412233 for further information 
With only 34 days until Christmas, 
Psychologists are claiming that  people who put up Christmas decorations earlier are happier than those who wait!
Our Christmas concerts start this weekend, when we light the tree in Martin Place 
The rain has cleared just in time to launch 
This Friday Instore 7-9pm! Don't miss Mandy Baggot's launch of her new christmas book, One Christmas Kiss in Notting Hill 
With Christmas just around the corner, we only have a few places left for our award-winning Christmas Live 
We hope you like our 
Christine has been a fantastic support for Cash for Kids. Thank you for your continued support for 
Spent today shooting Christmas recipes for 
Party season awaits... 
Too early?? 
Gifting season has begun! See our beauty director and editor-in-chief Melanie Morris​ and Marissa Carter, founder of Cocoa Brown pick their favourite selection of gorgeous gifts for friends, family, kids and themselves from Cara Pharmacy
Only 2 hours until our Light Switch On outside Fulton House and the School of Management 
Any stationary addicts in the audience? You're not alone. This morning's top pick from the Christmas range at Cara Pharmacy is the Kate Spade agenda & bando diary. Our 
Gifting season has begun! See our beauty director & editor-in-chief 
Make room for yourself this Christmas!! 
It’s feeling a lot like Christmas! 
Great afternoon of festive fun! 
 market time 
Stalls ready to go for the 
All go finalising set-up for today’s Christmas market & lights switch on 
Lots happening in Upper Main Street today too from 1pm .......& don’t forget the Christmas market is open from 12 at McKee clock arena 
We started decorating early this year
A sneaky peek at our first 2018 title – Rocking the System: Fearless and Amazing Irish Women who Made History! We're also offering a very special thing to our followers and releasing 100 copies in mid-December in time for Christmas 
Wouldn't it be great if Mr Underbed by 
My craftsy friends who know 
Join us this today at 
It's OFFICIAL.... the 
Machynys Members Shield. Thursday 28th December! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
Perfect with Christmas just around the corner 
Can't wait to welcome our customers, clients and friends to our Christmas Drinks in a few weeks time
Kind of 
Loved hosting the 
Is it Thanksgiving yet?! Looking forward to getting our Christmas trees up this week! 
Imagine a city made for Christmas...
Ellie the Elephant is in the Community Square, Gravesend, enjoying the Christmas Lights switch on! Go and say hello if you're about, she can tell you all about our Christmas Market next Saturday! 
Here’s a message from Gocsy! Grab ya tix tomorrow from 9am (QLD) 
Celebrate Xmas with us! 
Flashback Friday to this time last weekend when we got all 
The Christmas tree debate
Our Christmas Shop is now open.... 
hear, hear! 
It's about that time...
Pat just LOVES spreading Christmas cheer with Operation Christmas Child! 
A rare Tree Mancini card at this year’s 
Who is up for a Self-Guided Tour of Nights of Lights? 
Who is going to Light Up Night tomorrow?
At 6:30 pm 
Reading a new story tmrw 
It’s finally here—Happy First Preview of 
So psyched that cast members from "A Christmas Carol" 
Looking forward to my first Messiah of the season with 
Make it a Dec to remember. Book your winter escape or your flights home for Christmas with 
Release your inner 'elf' this 
Too soon? Nah. Bring it on. 
Feeling festive at the Sloane Square light switch on 
Tesco kicks off “
Have you popped in and seen our Christmas range yet? It's begging to look a lot like Christmas this week!! 
Do you have a specific day when you put up your 
So proud of Group 101 - you've pulled out all the stops to make this the best Christmas ever!! Well done to everyone - Merry Christmas 
Do you want to maximise your online sales over 
Tesco will top up all donations by 20%. The last date to donate non perishable items is the 2/12/17. 
Christmas countdown -42days left 
Any 2 for £7 stock up now for Christmas 
Joe (our sous chef) smashed it today at the 
Perfect Christmas gifts down at 

Plz RT tickets on sale 
Like n retweet for chance 2 win free massage treatment for you or special someone 
Don't miss the 
Our gorgeous Environ Christmas Gift Boxes 
Hello Everyone! Check this short clip out on 
If you were involved in the cancelled Heaven On Earth tour, please can you e-mail your contact details to 
Toi toi toi to all the cast & crew 
Can’t beat a good Christmas 
Check out this playbill advertising A Christmas Carol at the New Adelephi Theatre. More info 
 Our Christmas cards have been in high demand in recent weeks, but what is your favourite design?

Vote in our poll in our next tweet and then head to the website below to purchase today!


Seasonal, atmospheric and romantic! CHRISTMAS AT CONWENNA COVE by Darcie Boleyn is 99p for a limited time only! Grab this amazing must-read for 
Buy the book readers are calling the ‘Christmas read of the year!’ CHRISTMAS AT CONWENNA COVE by 
So excited for all this Christmas 
Local author: Erin Green is creeping up the books charts 
This is very exciting, limited spaces so get yourself on board for some Christmas hockey peeps 
 Fancy a family ticket to the rock 'n' roll panto Red Riding Hood at 
Our inclusive singing and signing choir are rehearsing with 
Only 2 more sleeps until 
NEW ALBUM 
If you are up late and still listening to stuff here you go… 
Darlings, we are THRILLED to invite all of you to join Charlotte's SECOND-EVER YOUTUBE LIVE! Learn how to get the MOST PERFECT PARTY EYE with VERY SPECIAL GUESTS 
Christmas 
IT'S TODAY! 
We are now taking Christmas bookings online! 
NOT LONG NOW! 
And we are open until 8pm tonight so you can start your Xmas shopping!! 
Part of a large organisation? Planning your 
Exclusive to 
The Best Christmas Marketing Ads of 2017, are there any we've missed? 
The calm before the Bury St Edmunds 
Picked up your ticket to our 
Tickets on sale tomorrow. Get yours before they sell out! 
Don’t forget our Christmas shopping evening 
22nd November at our Tettenhall shop 
Don’t forget 
1 week to go ...still a great opportunity ...let everyone know. Take advantage and hand the firearm in. Spend Christmas 
Thank you to 


Coming up to Christmas, I have my merch on sale! Writing out Xmas cards also....
MERCHANDISE ON SALE NOW FOR CHRISTMAS!!!!! 
Since its coming up to christmas soon! I've opened up the merch store!!! CHRISTMAS CARDS, BUNDLES ETC!!!
On sale now, the ultimate F1 Christmas 
The most wonderful time of the year is on its way, and we've got just what you need to deck the halls in style 
A portion of ticket sales for 
We will be there LIVE covering the parade! 
There's a giant Christmas tree going up in the park 
day after thanksgiving is when i
Christmas tree 
Just remembered HR said we MIGHT be able to have an ugly sweater party next month 
Make sure you join us for 
Over 300 goody bags all stuffed and ready for this Friday’s 
If you missed the lighting of the state Christmas Tree 
Proud of MTA Board Members Denny Olson, Ken Gauthier, and Bill Deater delivering state Christmas Tree 
Because the festive season is upon us, we now serve 
Our Beer Advent Calendars are flying out the door! 25 different beers for 25 days. The perfect way to count down to Christmas Day. 
The Sunday Post #47 
 - ‘Tis the 
It’s the start of Christmas at Rosebery. Christmas Fair this Friday 
Holiday safety tips from 
‘‘Tis the season! 
Did you know that ‘A Christmas Story’ is a favorite film of ‘South Park’ co-creator Trey Parker? He was so inspired by the bully Scut Farkus that he created Scott Tenorman, the ‘South Park’ bully!
A Christmas Story
WE TRIPLE DOG DARE YOU to join us for the ultimate holiday favourite - ‘A Christmas Story’

December 1st, 2017
Doors at 7pm + film at 8pm
ONLY $5 + a non-perishable food bank donation

Join us for games, eats, beers, trivia & a whole lot of Christmas!
We love having visitors to the TC office, especially if they’re in the holiday spirit! 
Check out our Christmas Shopping Day event schedule
Please do 
It's official... the Cutty Sark 
How will you be doing your Christmas shopping this year? 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas! Tree decorating is in full effect at HQ
Have you planned your Holiday party yet? 
We love an ornament with a little charm! Check out 
I'm excited to announce that my 
I'm kicking off the first 
 THIS IS HAPPENING 
I've teamed up with 
Butter tarts in mah belly and this magic on my TV. Getting my Christmas on! 

It's what you have all been waiting for.


Booking your christmas party? 
CHRISTMAS SPECTACULAR 17th DEC 
Real Christmas tears. 
Stocking filler gift ideas 
City workers doing a great job putting the lights on the Christmas tree!! 
Cardiff has everything you need for the perfect Christmas - 
An iconic Christmas scene 
The tree is lit!!! Wishing everyone a warm and happy holiday!
SO much fun with 
On a day like today.. warm festive cocktails is what you need. Keep your eye out for our festivities starting from the 1st December! 
Just Announced-- Hip-hop legend, 
Have you been Naughty or Nice?? Come celebrate our ONE YEAR ANNIVERSARY on 12/15/17 with us!… 
10 ways to prepare your home for the 
Make Your Own Holiday 
Putting the final touches to my 
Book your QUIZ teams now! 
What a lovely idea for Christmas 
The countdown begins to the 
And so it begins! Christmas stock arriving! Decs up next week! 
Kick off the festive season with our annual Christmas Craft Fayre!
Shout out for the fabulous 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
Just in time for the holidays, hang a little 
From Thursday 16th November, enjoy a magical 
The Holidays are coming in the Student Activities Office, 
Our Open House Advent  Calendars are now just £5! Plus we have all the gorgeous Christmas papers & embellishments for you to decorate them with 
Well it's time to start thinking about our Christmas edition!
XMAS ~ £10 Christmas vouchers NOW available at 
Xmas Parties are available to book NOW! 01244 852 536

£12 per child for the full food & footgolf package

Why not treat your squad & staff or even parents to a Footgolf Chester Experience. We catering to your needs and can ensure a day to remember. 


5 Exit-Intent Holiday Campaign Ideas to Boost Conversions 
Christmas Preparations, Mulled Wine Brunches & Inappropriate Xmas Cards! 
Find your 
After you're done watching, go stream/download 'Everyday Is Christmas'
Opening Times this week.

8 Christmas markets in 
The real Christmas tree is here! 
Put pen to paper & get creative! Enter our Christmas Poetry Competition and you could WIN a brilliant book token from 
Get in the festive spirit by grabbing pen & paper and entering our Christmas Poetry Competition. You could WIN a brilliant book token from 
Christmas is just around the corner ... if you are running out of time 
Great Christmas window 
Going to the 
Is it time for Christmas shopping? 
We’ve extended our opening hours for the 
We’re open for late night shopping tonight so you can get your Adnams fix if you’re in town for the Christmas lights switch on. 
 it seems a 


We've launched our 
Ahh we had a great time hosting the 
How cute are these! 
Add some Snowdog sparkle to your Christmas tree with the Sparky inspired gold glitter decorations!
See you tomorrow! 
Who do you think should win JD's 
Less than 50 days till 
 CHARITY 
Struggling to save some cash this Christmas? Check out our top tips to keep you afloat over the festive period 
Feeling festive? 
Then enter our Christmas Poetry Competition and you could WIN a brilliant book token from 
Head over to our Facebook page for the full album of 
H A P P Y 
Holiday pictures came back. 
Did someone say CHRISTMAS? 
Early bird discount tickets still available for the 
With just 38 days left until 
Not only have we got the 
Yes! Our beautiful Christmas tree from last year! Not long now until we put a new one up! 
We go to 
Not to be missed ... the Banstead Christmas Community Event - Thursday 30 November, 5pm to 8pm 
Check out our 2017 
T'is the season to be jolly!!
Some of our lovely Christmas pieces!!
Visit our gorgeous store to take a look at our new Christmas stock! It’s looking very festive!
My favourite Christmas movie is Carol. Can’t wait to mysteriously loose my glove in a John Lewis. 
A lot of love and hard work goes into growing the perfect Christmas tree. Follow the journey from seedling to festive centrepiece
Event Alert! Sign up for the first Active Newcastle Christmas Virtual Event. Have fun, where you want, when you want
Soggy walk- definitely miss wellies as it's my hands in the mud!
Wispa is out selecting xmas trees...
Retweet if you miss Woolworths... 
Meet Santa & FREE family stuff throughout Dec 
It's almost that time of year… 
ACPIN Wales evening event
Oh Christmas tree! Oh Christmas tree! 
Will be arriving SOON at patricias floral fair, 93 Bank street, Rawtenstall, bb4 7qn
We will have a beautiful selection, come and pick your own, we can deliver for you too! 
Tel 01706 213054 
So excited!!! 
YAY!! We can't wait Limahl Official 
Our team are excited to be helping out the 
Wonderful turn out for the St Augustine's Church 
All you need is love, lights, free mulled wine and a very big choir 
Did you see our Xmas in a box tweets today 
Never too early for Silent Night Boyz II Men style with 
Have yourself a merry little Christmas... 
Celebrate the beginning of a magical festive season with us by joining us on Monday 27th November for the annual lighting of our magnificent Christmas tree. 
Tickets now on sale for the 
Make sure you keep the 5th December free for the 
Incase you missed our first post! Are you thinking about 
Are you thinking about 
Meet the 17 EPIC street food traders who will be heading to our Street Feast arena at 
Big thanks to our Christmas Pub Quiz sponsors 
He's back! So we're officially allowed to mention the C word. Book now for our Christmas Pub Quiz!  
5 weeks to go 
Getting 
Our wonderful Spring Season goes on sale TOMORROW at 10am! Looking for perfect Christmas present? 
Dec. 
Before you leave 1 mean comment, go leave 10 positive ones! Spread a little more love today than hate! We all get caught up in drama & bullshit, I think it's human nature 
ICW returns to 
Buying Christmas gifts for a wrestling fan? Our friends at 
Please keep the people of Puerto Rico in your thoughts this holiday season 
Christmas is coming early to Central this weekend as we launch our brand new winter cocktail collection - introducing the Flaming' Lemon Meringue Pie! 
Only 1 sleep until our 
Rudy features in our 
Pit stop on the way home from Essex - Redbull, Chocolate and a Christmas CD 
 for all your Christmas 
Hectic weekend preparing the Christmas tree 
Lots of preparation behind the scenes! A trek to Derbyshire on Saturday for the tree! 
What a fabulous opportunity! It would be great to see one of 
Make Christmas Eve one to remember this year w/ twinkling lights, gourmet food + amazing photo opps
 BLACKPOOL FUTSAL FESTIVAL U7s - U12s


Excellent gloves from 
 Join us for Festive Sunday Lunch throughout December in the Riverview Brasserie bookings now being taken on 0371 911 1555 
 Limited availability on our Christmas Party Nights now remains - don't miss out call 0371 911 1555 or email solevents@elior.co.uk 
This, is, my, new,style, of, wishing, you, a, merry, Xmas, in, advance.... bronya is coming 
Thinking of a Christmas gift for dad? 
Looking forward to hosting 
Christmas tree have arrived in abundance 
Christmas Eve 2006 for the Kardashians 
We've rounded up 15+ easy kids Christmas crafts to get you in the
 festive spirit.
Xmas 
Winterville is coming 
Come and join in the festive fun at 
It's been much requested, and for the FIRST TIME EVER, here it is.
Hark! Magic Christmas is on DAB, our app, and 
Are You Ready for the Holiday Season? WE ARE!! 
 Christmas is Coming to The Durham 
It’s almost time for Chelsea’s Christmas lights switch-on. 
110% John Kearns and Pat Cahill will be back on December 21 for a
Oh, and it's already jingle bell tastic in this office 
Cookie Mixes ready to go out for delivery 
Okay, so it may not be beer related, but who else is excited about 
We’ve had a wonderful time at the 
Trivia night topics tonight are...

The countdown to our 
Want to WIN a pair of coach tickets?! Then tell us which Christmas film we should add to VUER! 
The choices are: The Grinch, It’s a Wonderful Life, Love Actually, Scrooged, and Trading Places. 
Reply with your #1, the top choice will be added to VUER! 
Need a little pick me up this lunchtime? Don't forget you can still get a cracker surprise with every purchase of a hot drink through the Caffè Nero app! 
Just announced! Portland, ME!! I’m coming home! Mark you calendars
It's a Wonderful Flight. The 
PICTURES: Whitby Christmas Market 
It's Christmas social time! And we can't wait! 
It's Christmas social time! We can't wait!  
Beautiful Foss Street, Dartmouth, Devon,ready for Christmas
Deadline to join our 
 Only 7 days to go until our Fantastic Christmas Fair 
Eeeek! So very excited for St Nicks Christmas Market 
Archway's Greatest Christmas is here and we're excited! Join us for the switch on of the Christmas lights, a festive market featuring local busniesses and lots of fun activities for kids too! (the winning name will also be announced!!!) 3rd of December 1pm-5.30pm Be there! 
It is MAJESTIC! 
Looks like Archway is getting a Christmas tree!! 
LATEST POST! 
Charlotte Melia shares her top 
Me and Mark bought our first Christmas tree today Ahhh so exciting
Our SUPER popular Rose Gold V2. Premiums are on SALE right now! 
Be sure to check out our Black Friday Sale and stock up or buy a pair for your loved ones this Christmas! 
Matte Silver V2 Premiums are the perfect gift for your loved ones this Christmas! 
Out here making our list... 
Christmas will soon be here 
Only 4 weeks until the 2017 
 McCarthy's Christmas Pamper Evening! 
Can't wait to try these at our Christmas Food & drink 
Tickets are going quickly for The Kringle Mingle 
Are you as excited about Christmas as we are at 
After you're done watching, go stream/download 'Everyday Is Christmas'
It's the most wonderful time of the year & 'Everyday Is Christmas' is here to make it even better! 
Everyday is definitely Christmas when you give the GIF that keeps on giving 
If you were looking for a sign, here it is 
Join us this today at 
It's looking a little festive in 
Very merry greeting alert!
| You can still celebrate 
Enjoy, 
NEXT WEEK! 
Too soon for Christmas? 
It's that time of the year, 
BACK IN STOCK! 
Get an autographed booklet with purchase of my new "All I Want For Christmas Is You" soundtrack while supplies last at 
Had lots of fun at 
This deserves a double 
Enjoy a festive fun evening at 
Wow, what an amazing time we had for our 1 weekend only / exclusive 'Choose a Tree' event! We've loved looking at your pictures and hope you had a great time. We'll be open from Sat 25th Nov, where you can browse our lovely freshly cut trees outside the Log Cabin at the farm 
We're finally opening on Saturday 25th November! Xmas trees, a Log Cabin, beautiful Xmas decorations, a tea shop and adorable reindeer. Make yours a Cotley Christmas this year! Watch our new video on Facebook now 
 - In a 2004 survey of the nation’s favourite smells, real Christmas trees came eighth just behind the sea but ahead of perfume 
Less than one week to go until the shop opens, are you getting as excited as we are?! 
We're still taking bookings for our 'Choose a Tree' weekend, for tomorrow and Sunday - 
Read here how Lester and Helen started the Cotley Christmas Tree shop and see how far they've come! 
Keep signing up for this weekend's 'Choose a Tree' event - spaces are going quickly! Great way to get festive and keep the fam entertained!
IT BEGINS. Christmas has started 
This Saturday is Halifax's Christmas Lights Switch On! 
Grab yourself some goodies at our 
It’s starting to feel a lot like Christmas starts to feel like Christmas 
 A foolproof festive feast delivered straight to your door. Click for the best early Christmas present: 
 Dreaming of a stress-free Christmas? Just like the one you've never known? Sounds like you need to meet our Traditional Christmas Box...

Click here to solve Christmas: 
How much Christmas shopping will you buy from your local shops this year?
Browse our range of unique 
ITS CHRISTMAS! To celebrate Newports turning on of the lights, Saturday 18th November all kids meals will be on us! 
It's that time of year & we've got you covered! 

Mulled Wine & Cider is now available @ BOXBAR ! 
** XMAS GIFT 
 Sunday Brunch office debate - what time do you have your Christmas dinner? 
 We're spreading festive joy by giving accompanied kids (under 16s and Bus IDs) free travel every weekend between now and Christmas day! Spread the word - 
Darlings, we are THRILLED to invite all of you to join Charlotte's SECOND-EVER YOUTUBE LIVE! Learn how to get the MOST PERFECT PARTY EYE with VERY SPECIAL GUESTS 
Friday is the official launch of 
Our Under 5's are making mince pies today at the YMCA Sovereign Centre in 
Make sure you join us for 
PERFORMER ANNOUNCEMENT! Cheesecake extraordinaire Harlow Kitty!
December 21st at 
Free signed Christmas cards with every online merch order saywhatttt 
 HOLIDAY CONTEST: RT for chance to win: 2 Club Bell to 
Hey, and now they’re 30% off until Monday.  
 Don’t forget that in the spirit of the season, you can get free shipping on any order by using the discount code HOLIDAY at checkout!
On personality, emotional labor, and surviving the holidays. 
Glad I got to see the U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree here in Kansas City! It was super neat! 
Enjoyed the Whistle Stop today in 
Mark your calendars for Fanfare of Lights at 7 p.m. on Mon., Nov. 27 
Our festive fable is here 
What a lovely way to support us 
 Decorate with a $5 
Oh (ginger) snap!! 
2 weeks to go for 
Curious about how you could make Christmas bookings easier this year with 
Come visit us at 
Cute new studs perfect for Xmas
'Tis the season to be dancing!
We loved kicking off the 
A Why Don't We Christmas... out Wednesday night 
Another edition of 
The Soundtrack to Christmas
6 ways to stay safe this 
25 hours. twenty five hours. TWENTY FIVE HOURS. 
These precious ornaments have come all the way from a small village in Austria to be with us. Each egg is hand... 
202!!! That’s going way above and beyond for your 
A massive well done to you all. Thank you so much! 
CHRISTMAS @ DUNSILLY
We're going to be at the 
Almost looking like little ‘lowly cattle sheds’ - always a lovely Christmas 
How cute is this? It was in my goody bag from tonight’s 
Fab opening night 
To our 
There are just TWO days to go until this year's Bath Christmas Market kicks off! 
Up goes our 
We are looking forward to the 
 Festive 
 Satisfy your taste buds this 
Giveaway: Do you wanna get festive with 
Starting to feel super Christmassy today, maybe because our garland is up and sparkling - you can't miss us!
Spotted: 
Less than two hours until we hit the airwaves with our Christmas Special Extravaganza 
Put pen to paper & get creative! Enter our Christmas Poetry Competition and you could WIN a brilliant book token from 
Things start to get festive over at the Red Cow Moran Hotel 
Plan your Christmas break at the NEWLY TRANSFORMED Red Cow Moran Hotel 
With Holidays season coming !?! What is one thing everyone wants for Christmas ? 
Get Festive Feasting Ready at Neven Maguire's Simply Better Christmas Cookery Demo 
Would you like to celebrate 
They’re here!!!

Pick up your limited edition Giants Advent Calendar, £10 each, starting tomorrow night 
Thanks to all the team 
Our Christmas shop is now open! We are open to 4pm today. See you there 
We are busy getting ready to open the door of our Christmas shop tomorrow morning at 9am. Hope to see you there 
All of our handmade Christmas product stocked up and ready for our customers in 
From Dingle Gin Infused Smoked Salmon to Irish Hampshire Ham, our Signature Tastes range will help you make this Christmas the best one yet!
SuperValu, here to help you make Christmas Super. 
5 weeks until 
The countdown is on for the Christmas Shopping Fayre! 
Can you believe it's only 9 weeks until Christmas? That means just under 5 weeks until 
Enjoy 3 fun-packed days of festive shopping all under one roof at the Christmas 
LOVE this shot by 
Now that's what I call a Christmas gift guide! The very best of 
Are you looking for that PERFECT Christmas gift? Look no further. The 
We're looking for fantastic Christmas temps for FOH. Send your CV to jamesmartin@manchester235.com 
Pawsing for thought here. Dogs are forever - not just for Christmas (even adopted gentlemen like me)
HAPPY PAWLIDAYS
The next hour on 
 Too soon? 
We’re bringing back our 
Psychologists are claiming that  people who put up Christmas decorations earlier are happier than those who wait!
You guys, 
Christmas crafts for all you crafters! (for adults and kids!) 

Carols by Candlelight Wed 13th Dec 6-8pm in aid of St. Francis Hospice 
Celebrate the start of the season with us tonight! 
I made the mistake of making the comment that I felt like Santa and his reindeers as I was sitting on the train on the group ride. Now I have Christmas music in my head. 
Feeling lit up like a Christmas tree rn 
Members of 
Enter & win your 
Support Born Free’s ‘least loved’ animals this Christmas 
It’s time to care this Christmas 
Adopt our marine family this Christmas 
Adopt an animal with Born Free this Christmas 
I look forward to the 
joy joy joy. 
If you need some 
'Tis the season! 
Have you seen our blog on all things Christmas? If not, have a read! 
46 days to Christmas, but who's counting! Have you planned all of your Christmas events? 
Last few days to get in your Christmas Inventions! 
Calling 5-11 year olds, send us a drawing or video of your idea for the chance to have your invention built on YouTube!


Brilliant! Inspire tomorrow with what's done today 
If you know any little inventors, they have a week left to get their festive invention ideas to 
Some great things happening in Truro over Christmas 
Get involved in this great cause this December with Tor Bridge High School, 100% of earnings are donated to 3 chosen charities! 
Always a wonderful evening watching the 
The lights are officially on. Let  
Shorty with you. 
"Blast this Christmas music. It's joyful and triumphant!" 
Dates have opened up for Christmas parties at our venue, The Hide! 
Only 12 days to go before the Christmas magic is back 
CHRISTMAS SPECTACULAR 17th DEC 
'Tis the season to order your Christmas cards! 
Christmas lights are going up 
Revealing the 
 Wednesday get ready for Christmas 
KELOWNA SHOW ANNOUNCEMENT!!!
12 Days of Xmas
So excited to be welcoming the 
Open from 11am Sunday 18th dec
We can't wait ..working away.. so many beauties coming your way  
New post! Feeling festive yet? We put the vegan options at 
Planning on visiting the fantastic St Nicholas Fair 
RICHIE: Today's 
1st weekend of December 
Get in the Spirit with a Luxury Festive Afternoon Tea at Sheen Falls Lodge 
Feeling festive 
Enjoy some mulled wine and mince pies this evening between 5pm and 9pm. There will be over 40 stalls so you can get some 
EXCITMENT LEVEL 1 MILLION!! My 
“Celebrate Christmas like nobody else”
Christmas Opening times for our Agricultural branches 
Such an amazing day today!! What a crowd
You guys never ever disappoint!!! What an incredible crowd 
Coming up to Christmas, I have my merch on sale! Writing out Xmas cards also....
MERCHANDISE ON SALE NOW FOR CHRISTMAS!!!!! 
Since its coming up to christmas soon! I've opened up the merch store!!! CHRISTMAS CARDS, BUNDLES ETC!!!
TOMORROW!! Prestwick Christmas light switch on, see you soon
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
Little Drummer Boy (LIVE) is now $.69 on 
The Christmas tree debate
Our Christmas Shop is now open.... 
Merry Christmas folks. I trust you've all had a fantastic day eating , drinking and feeling great surrounded by the ones you love. 
12 Days of Christmas Gift Offers is coming soon to subscribers of Brand SA News (formally Inside South Australia)! Subscribe now, it's free! >> 
It's feeling a lot like Christmas!!! A very very very small batch of Christmas Gin! Sold Out… 
 Today is the 
Amazing day 
Had such a lovely day at 
Tonight at 6pm 
 THIS IS HAPPENING 
 Pay for 1 hour on-street parking in 
So proud of this project, a complete work of love for my family and all those who’ve been so supportive down the years. Thank you. Available for pre order on the ITunes Store. 
Thanks Mrs Brown & Mrs Perkins for helping the little elves of P3/2 add finishing touches to their rustic tree decorations. You can buy these beautiful crafts on Saturday 2nd of December at the Thornlie Christmas Fair. We can’t wait to see you there! 
Almost ready for a Christmas party 
. Putting your decorations up earlier can make you feel happier.  The first decoration started already 
All ready to switch on the 
We have had such a fun and festive night attending this years Christmas Experience at 
 Christmas events today 
| Who's heading to the 
 POPPED MUSIC PRESENTS XMAS PARTY! FRI 8TH DEC 
JUST ANNOUNCED. We’re putting on another 
As of tonight, the festive season is on! Who's heading into town to see the big switch-on? 
tips from The House.. 
Christmas riddims in Tesco. Peek
I do like Christmas 
  are bringing a festive twist to their iconic Tofu Cute x AMUSE photo opportunity area 
We have just finished putting our massive order of 
Couple of Christmas 
Have yourself a stress free Christmas this year and have your festive feast delivered right to your door! 

Savoury or sweet we do all the trimmings so you don’t have to 
i’m ready for christmas 
Christmas on Locke events launch with a bang on Friday, with the lighting of our community tree! 
Room101 Christmas 
Starting November 20th Life Skills is selling their handmade Christmas items from the Jags Den. 
Eeeek! So very excited for St Nicks Christmas Market 
Low key gonna be me this Christmas 
We have launched our 
Have you donated to the 
Looking for holiday gifting tips? Check out Steve Noviello's gift guide live stream, starting now!: 
A Christmas dinner wouldn't be complete without classic pigs in blankets. Have you booked your Christmas meal with us yet? 
Our first Christmas 
We hope you like our 
Christine has been a fantastic support for Cash for Kids. Thank you for your continued support for 
Sometimes u run into the best people at 
Merry Christmas to all my dolls and gentlemen 
Happy Holidays 
With the besties 
Love the Christmas coffee cups at 
 staff helping Santa & his Elves to prepare for Christmas 
Have you checked out our holiday season designs yet? Click here -> 
Well, what a great performance 
This BC blogger’s vintage-style holiday home is a DIYer’s dream 
Bloomsbury is having a fantastic Christmas sale!
100 Ideas for Primary Teachers: Mindfulness in the Classroom is 30% off. 
It's so nearly there! 
10.4 million views within 24 hours of its launch, 
New from 
It might still be November, but...


Follow Ebenezer Scrooge, Tiny Tim and the whole gang through A Christmas Carol at 
Me listening to Stanaj sing Last Christmas 
Christmas is coming early to 
These 9 places are offering a delicious and festive Christmas afternoon tea throughout December 
 hi me and my colleagues have organised a Christmas fete at West Parley, Memorial Hall 9th dec 12-4!

Face Painting
Stalls
Bouncy castle (weather permitting!)
Food and drink
Raffle
Competitions 
Games (many prize every time!)
And much more!

Free Entry! 
 Christmas with GP and 
Stop by 
Ok, now we're feeling festive! We love the look of 
It's beginning to look a lot like CHRISTMAS in Springboro! 
Black Friday tips: David Mack holiday 
Our first limited edition Kansas City Whiskey holiday label, inspired by the artwork of a 1911 J. Rieger & Co. ad, arrives November 1 
Last night at the opening ceremony for the Winter Festival of Lights in 
Go ahead and judge me, but my living room is my happy place right now. 
There's only a few days left to lock in your spot at Hockey Season's Greetings! $50 gets you dinner & a skate with the team, plus gifts, prizes and more!


Gorgeous new range of aperitifs for Xmas 
Last weekend was M
You’re bringing the cheer to the party this year. 
Holiday Blanket Drive for the Strongsville Food Bank! Thank you to Strongsville Council PTA for leading this... 
S/O to these 16 TS Teens for volunteering @ Winter Wonderland on this very cold evening! You helped make it a MAGICAL night! 
O Christmas tree! Don't miss these 11 local tree lighting ceremonies throughout the region, where you can catch falling “snow,” ride in a carriage, sip hot cider and a whole lot more. Details: 
ONE MORE WEEK! We are excited to welcome our ceremony performers: The Throw Zone's Jeremiah Johnston, Capitol City Dance Academy, Sacramento Preparatory Music Academy and the Sacramento City College Choir! See you at 4:30 next Wednesday 
Who’s ready to light this beauty up?! See you tomorrow, Front and K, 4:30pm 
"Expect chaos and a shambles from start to finish, a bit like most people’s experience of Christmas itself.” 
 deals start NOW! Get an early start on your holiday shopping 
Good times at 
This could take all night...
Date Night: Christmas Tree 
Downtown Cleveland is your prime destination for kicking off the holiday season 
It’s beginning to look a lot like 
 BLACK FRIDAY SALE  
Dec. 
All this excitement over 
ICW returns to 
Hey!! Go check out all things 
Deck the halls with bows of Malmaison, fa la la la la, la la la la 
Lots of festive activities happening in Dundee this weekend. We can’t wait!! 
This Friday, the Christmas Craft Fair from Exclusively Highland takes place at Brodie Castle 
 – Only 12 sleeps until 
...rather nifty list of 
 new scarves now available online and from the main office at Stark’s Park (9am - 4pm) 
More Christmas stock has arrived today 
We need your help! We're holding a Christmas event for our elderly residents on Joseph’s Road in 
 This looks brilliant! 
 A closer look at the work of the Salvation Army Parkhead, charity partner of this year's 
So what do you think of our new 
SANTAS GROTTO
Just an update about on Christmas Grotto! 
The great safari bake off, starring Mrs Claus!
Limited tickets left for our 
We have festive friendly animal encounters over Santa Safari! 
Xmas Party Nights at Safari Venues, located in the grounds of 
Enjoy your complimentary festive snacks during Santa Safari, included in the admission price! 
Never to early to be thinking about the festive period 
"Maybe Christmas, he thought, doesn't come from a store. Maybe Christmas, perhaps, means a little more" - The Grinch


who's excited for christmas (and hot cocoa, candy canes, snow, skating, hoodies, gingerbread, cozy fires, and cuddles)??? ME!!! 
HASHTAG KIT RESTOCK! Head to the store now to get your Home & Away kits available in ALL SIZES! Pre-order now to ensure they arrive in time for Christmas: 
Supporting the 
My favourite Christmas movie is Carol. Can’t wait to mysteriously loose my glove in a John Lewis. 
Getting together a pile of seasonal reading. New reads for us by 
Are you attending Oxford's Christmas Light Festival 
There's so much to do and see in 
Don't miss the big Chorley Christmas Lights Switch On today! 
Finally! I printed more postcards just on time for the festive season 
What an excellent birthday! And look what I’ve got for my 
Excited to celebrate with 
A feel of our Christmas 
Our Retro quiz hosts Leanne and Dave are turning on Liverpool one Christmas lights 
Christmas is definitely on its way! 
Have you got your tickets for our Christmas fundraising dinner yet? 

Food by the incredible 
Catch myself &  group of talented artists on 17th dec @ 

DON'T MISS IT
TODAY FROM 2PM: 
TOMORROW: 
Can't wait to see you guys tomorrow. Also CHRISTMAS 
When you realise The 
Merry Christmas everyone. Wishing you all joy and happiness 
A 25-metre Christmas tree from 
The list of Christmas Markets in Warsaw 
As we officially hit the festive period our Christmas Shop is Back! And chock-full with more organic treats, gifts & xmas essentials than ever before 
Move over mulled wine! Check out the new 
Just a few more weeks till Christmas holidays and you can lie in till the turkey's ready 
Is it bad when I’m looking for an ugly sweater for a work party and I find one I think is kind of cute? 
We're all set for the festive season!
ONLY 6 DAYS TO GO 
It’s our Christmas Comedy Night 
DON'T MISS!  
Last weekend of groups for the year, get your Santa hats on!
Make a small donation to the 
Is it too early to watch Christmas 
Less than 5 weeks until Christmas is here...get in the festive spirit & come along to 
Quizmas is back! 
Head over to our Instagram now! 
Live entertainment, vendor booths, children's activities, ice skating and more! All starting at 4 p.m. on Friday, November 24! Join us at Metro Hall as 
Votes are in and we have an early Christmas present for you!
Hot off the Press - one of our pupils has won the Mayor's Christmas Card Competition and will turn on the Christmas Lights in Brentwood this weekend. Make sure that you turn up to see exactly who it is!! 
Celebrate Christmas this year at Tynecastle Park 
Super excited to see our favourite football team 
The St Enoch Christmas Market opens today! Pop down for tasty food & drink and great festive gifts 
Just a quick few photos from the wonderful Switching 
Did you know that Xmas ads are 51% more likely to elicit an intense emotional reaction than the average ad? 
Tickets released!
Helping raise money for 
Excellent gloves from 
We'd love to invite you to our family friendly
Only 12 days to go before the Christmas magic is back 
It's official... the Cutty Sark 
Come sing with us sweet seraphims! We're performing in the gorgeous 
Send the cutest card to your BFF this Christmas with our 'Season's Greetings' card, designed in partnership with 
Can you avoid the 12 Frauds of Christmas?
Took some inspiration from 
Great ta! Anyone who wants to host one or encourage a pub to host one or just download it for
Is this on your Xmas list ma’am? 
It's Christmas! 
You right you right 
From Dingle Gin Infused Smoked Salmon to Irish Hampshire Ham, our Signature Tastes range will help you make this Christmas the best one yet!
SuperValu, here to help you make Christmas Super. 
With only 34 days until Christmas, 
 | Planning your Christmas party? Check out what's on at 
Still looking for an 
At these farms and forests, the search for the perfect 
it's almost that time of year again!!
Available NOW tweeterhead 
HAPPY CHRISTMAS BABIES! 
Have yourself a scary little Christmas! NEW Elvira ornaments from 
Festive Feels
Pleasure! Thanks for joining us 
Thanks for joining us! Great fun had by all 
Thank you all for joining and 
Join us for a special 
 Fancy a family ticket to the rock 'n' roll panto Red Riding Hood at 
Stop by 
Put the finishing touch on your 
Join us for a 
Book your 
Here's a sneaky peek at our delightful December issue. Keep your eyes peeled... it's out soon & full of festivities 
Join us for our wonderful Wreath Making session with 
There's no better way to celebrate 
I don't think I've ever been in the Christmas spirit this early before. Perhaps it's all the darkness in our world that's making me long for joy and light. 
It’s starting to feel a lot like Christmas starts to feel like Christmas 
Only ONE MONTH until 
Come party at Pronto/Prontino for your holiday celebration! Email pronto.cambie@gmail or prontino.cambie@gmail with inquiries & for details
watching 
Looking for some festive activities? 
It's the most magical event of the holiday season.
Need a 
 Do you leave the TV when opening Christmas presents? We want YOU to tell us all about your Christmas TV traditions! 
Our Xmas Dinner Social
Our 2017 holiday sweater is available now through December 10! Free domestic shipping, and flat rate international shipping on all orders from 
Just Announced-- Hip-hop legend, 
Just stating the facts! 
Lee Mead at Christmas - Some row E and dress circle seats just released for Lee’s highly awaited Christmas show. 
White Christmas was absolutely wonderful. Karen Ziemba stole the show! And THE ACT TWO TAP OPENER HOLY COW. 
Join me in celebrating Christmas early w/Jacob!
Grinch and an actual "Old Max". Listen to the full interview with 
Any stationary addicts in the audience? You're not alone. This morning's top pick from the Christmas range at Cara Pharmacy is the Kate Spade agenda & bando diary. Our 
Gifting season has begun! See our beauty director and editor-in-chief Melanie Morris​ and Marissa Carter, founder of Cocoa Brown pick their favourite selection of gorgeous gifts for friends, family, kids and themselves from Cara Pharmacy
Gifting season has begun! See our beauty director & editor-in-chief 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
Christmas is in full swing in the house now - scenes from your favourite Dickensian tales recreated with a Chatsworth twist! We look forward to welcoming you 
Help support local charity 
Planning for Black Friday? Join our Guest List or get an area with us this Friday and receive a complimentary Christmas cocktail for you and your party! QUOTE: ‘Complimentary Christmas Cocktail’ when booking 
Successful craft day held at Alex House this morning. Lots of goodies created 
Christmas is getting closer by the day and we're getting excited! 
It's Christmas TIME! 
We're delighted to exhibit, and have have the opportunity to present our wine, spirits gift portfolio. 
A Why Don't We Christmas... out Wednesday night 
Explore this exciting new area of 
There's so much to do and see in 
Cardiff has everything you need for the perfect Christmas - 
I just drove past a Christmas tree farm. pass me a mince pie!! 
We’re down at 
We’re researching some exciting festive recipes for the blog on our website - what would you like to see?
You’ve got to be in it to win it. Check out our comp on FB to win 4 tickets to 
How many people does it take to unscrew the Christmas decorations for a quick test run before December?
Another edition of 
Hear "This Christmas" + 2 new bonus tracks from 
I haven't been in a christmas mood this early for years so thanks to 
 reunited! Team dinner at 
Our candied fruit station looking very festive 
Don't forget all the wonderful local shops that we have in Tralee when you are out and about this Christmas. Think local, shop local 
Centenary would make a very fine Christmas 
Our Roses are delighted to be part of this magical night 
Event Alert! Sign up for the first Active Newcastle Christmas Virtual Event. Have fun, where you want, when you want
12 Days of Xmas
It’s mornings like this that I am so grateful to be able to work in my Uggs beside the Christmas tree 
 is coming to 
Perfect with Christmas just around the corner 
To our 
There are just TWO days to go until this year's Bath Christmas Market kicks off! 
Up goes our 
A fantastic review of 
If by chance, you weren’t on Twitter yesterday - here are the highlights from 
Check out our visitor for 
Too soon for Christmas? 
We’re writing a blog about the Christmas gifts the trades would LOVE to get this year. Do tweet us what’s on your list 
Kick off the Holiday Season as we light our 
All your West Point Holiday Show questions answered here: 
You will find us here this weekend Friday to Sunday! 
Find your 
Don’t miss my friend 
I loved being a part of this! 
Enjoy! 
First day of my vacation, Ann. I have my post it note ready for my 
One month to go... 
TONIGHT we're lighting up the 
When you realise there's only 33 days until Christmas... 
Our yearly tradition ! The holidays don’t start until we see 
Yes yes yes yes. Deck them halls 
Does this mean he won't comment on these issues any further as soon as marriage equality is law? Merry Christmas! 
Couldn't make it to 
Added up how much I spent at BNE finders keepers today & it was definitely not nothing 
Head over to our Facebook page for the full album of 
NEXT WEEK! 
Five stars for 
There is lots of excitement in the building for 
Christmas Prizes 
Meet the 17 EPIC street food traders who will be heading to our Street Feast arena at 
tanyabardoboutique have new amazing stock for Christmas 
Join us Friday for 
Looking for some one-off Christmas decs? We’ve pulled together some pretty awesome decs, from the quirky to the traditional, to bring festive cheer to your home 
Treat your Christmas tree to some pretty fancy crochet decs 
Join us for a festive celebration 
You'll be walking in a winter wonderland through the Christmas Tree Trail at 
FOODIES: We know 
Looking for holiday gifting tips? Check out Steve Noviello's gift guide live stream, starting now!: 
Belfast it lit up for Christmas! 
We can’t wait to share the world premiere of a gorgeous new carol by Jaakko Mäntyjärvi at our concert in Newman University Church on Saturday December 9th 
EXTENDED OPENING HOURS! 
Last few dates available for the ultimate Christmas dining experience in our Hummingbird room 
12 Days of Christmas Gift Offers is coming soon to subscribers of Brand SA News (formally Inside South Australia)! Subscribe now, it's free! >> 
christmas songs on the radio making me feel v jolly 
Getting Xmassy up in here 
I get to get my Christmas on
I get to be wedded to 
Nice feature in 
Our Christmas tree has arrived! 
Get your Christmas Appeal Badges here: 
Had a great time at 
Our entire family with 
Carols@TheFountain
Help us settle a 
WIN our little 'Brum' children's quality replica car. 100% funds raised goes directly towards our service. Raffle tickets £2 each or £5 a strip. Currently retailing at £189.95 (Dobbies) winner notified by telephone, drawn Mon 18th Dec - item to be collected by Wed 20th Dec 
Expat Australian gingerbread man who, like thousands of Australians abroad, yearns for home in David Jones latest (most adorable) 
 time! 
The DEN is ready to spread some cheer!
 Listening to Christmas music on 
If anyone is replacing their Christmas tree this year - don’t get rid of your old one. We (Cain Theatre) will take it.  
Start your shopping early 
The holiday season is almost here 
Such a great idea!!
Grab yourself some goodies at our 
Today our elf on the shelf had some fun by making a little mess of our Christmas tree! 
RT if you're super excited for Christmas! 
Yay! One of my fave people 
Hundreds at 
Santa and his reindeer are in the house at  
Great post about Kansas City's holiday traditions. Well worth reading! 
 folk do use the ever growing online gift guide by searching 
Today was a good day - Christmas menu tasting for the Dog & Fox staff! Lots of full and satisfied bellies! 
Have you booked your Festive bash yet? 
Call or email and we'll get you sorted!

There's still space left for Christmas parties & sit down feasts. Who can resist some festive pigs n blankets. 
It’s that time of year 
So the Coca-Cola advert is officially on the TV. Does this mean it's Christmas? 
We’re about to get full on festive in The Little Deli
Less than 3 months to go... 
Thank you so much for watching 
That was perfect. I’m officially in the Christmas spirit!! 
 very happy to be watching 
These were brilliant fun to make at CAP HQ 
**** TODAY ****

Come and say hello to Freddie and taste some of our award-winning 
Have you visited the 
Can you help? Our annual Christmas Treecycling campaign
Make Christmas shopping easy with the Princesshay Gift Card 
Have you seen the Christmas trees along Roman Walk? Here's the tree decorated by 
The Christmas ads have aired so here’s ours! Our ‘Women Inspiring Women’ enamel pin badges would make a fab Christmas present & are available to buy online for £5 +P&P 
Christmas all wrapped up, from just £28 per person... 
Amazing day 
Had such a lovely day at 
Trying out a new 
My son George was very happy to meet 
Of course Chris Coleman’s gonna be at Newport Christmas lights and IS pushing the button! Sad to see him leave 
Only 16 more sleeps until we reveal what’s behind the 8th Advent Window! 
Ho ho ho! Plenty more to add and build up, but the foundations of our Christmas booze window are in place! 
Merry and Bright 
We love this gift combo with a little south of the border flavour – crafted tequila from 
This pretty pair make for a seriously local festive gift for your loved one. 
Get your shine on with a bottle of this unique moonshine from Silver Creek Distillery. Try their flagship Clear Shine or a fun flavoured Shine. 
A little bit of honey and a whole lot of Jack. This amazing spirit is a must have on your festive wish list this year
Under the tree this year we're hoping to find a bottle of 
 is almost here! 
Come down to the 
Mark your calendars for the 
Calling all 2017 Undergraduate Alumni! WBS CareersPlus are hosting a festive reunion at 
Belfast is definitely worth a visit this Christmas! 
Need Christmas present inspo?
Delighted to be organising this fantastic event in partnership with Neilston War Memorial Association. Huge thanks to 
Ahh we had a great time hosting the 
 Our first Christmas Lights switch-on of the year at 
The East Street lights go on at 5pm 
Day before Xmas. 
Christmas cake is complete! 
Is it too early? WRONGO! 
Enter a winter wonderland at the 
It’s official! All 42 trees were lit up tonight at our first Member Holiday Party of the season. Christmas and Holiday Traditions Around the World runs November 21 to January 7, 2018. 
Dec. 
“Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas” will be available on iTunes and Spotify, but the full album will be available only on Amazon. BUT there will be some official music videos and live performances on our YouTube coming soon! 
Absolute Christmas tree GOALS at 
The 2017 edition will be out just before Christmas 
It’s bedining to look a lot like Christmas 
All I want for 
We are hoping to make this an annual event so there is always next year. Maybe you can make the Faculty Holiday gathering on 12/13. 
Party season awaits... 
Holiday shelf do it yourself project another happy do it yourselfer! 
Kurt Weiss is ready to rock some Holiday Sales!!! We had an outstanding Open house tour, THANK YOU to the NY Metro Team for your continued Support/Partnership 


The Junior Lions Christmas Party is just weeks away!


If you would like a signed copy of any of my books with a personal message for 
Support Born Free’s ‘least loved’ animals this Christmas 
Too early for Xmas lights?  
No... ho... ho... ho...
Thank you to everyone who took part in our 
Give the gift of Elvis Style this Christmas, available from Amazon and all major book retailers 
Christmas presents sorted!
That may have been what we were going for. Christmasy and addictively tasty! 
We're ready for Sloe Gin season 
It’s time to think about sending those Christmas cards so keep an eye out this week. We have many charity cards 
Great to take our 
Ready for another clue? Here it is! 
 Where better to celebrate your Xmas party?!
There are only seven sleeps left until our annual Christmas Switch On 
My book review column in 
Check out the fun! The 12 Days of Christmas: Epic IP Themes 
The Chalets for the 
A Very Vintage Christmas by 
When your favourite teams send you their Christmas jumpers
YAY!!!! 
Our tree has arrived and feeling superbly festive this morning 
Christmas Sunday lunch 17 Dec 
Doing the double this week. Find us at:

Thurs: 
Our first Christmas 
OK we know it's still October... but we couldn't wait to let you know about our festive celebrations! 
Lights going up on the trees in 
Dates for your Diaries......  Christmas Events in the 
Catch me on 
 Fairytale of New York! BEST Christmas song EVERRRR!! 
We can’t wait for our Christmas Panto 
HAVE YOUR SAY!

We are now sorting our Christmas Movie Nights! Below, vote for your favourites! The top 3 will be our films for December, so be sure to RETWEET and get as many votes through as possible
ONLINE CLOTHING TRY-ON HAUL (WINTER 2017) 
Make your gifts go further this year - choose ones that really do good! 
New video: CHRISTMAS DECORATIONS HAUL including a neon sign, a gorgeous snow globe and even more gorgeous pieces!  
Our Christmas women <3 tech meet-up is filling up fast. We'll be talking about women in sport and technology as well as sharing a festive drink 
5 festive reasons to visit Edinburgh at Christmas: 
Christmas markets are popping up all over London these days 
London’s Covent Garden is looking ready for Christmas today 
Where to find London's prettiest Christmas wreaths: 
I’ve spent all day exploring Edinburgh’s Christmas highlights. So much festive fun here 
Here 
 has come early 
I’m a little bit in love with our 
Colleagues and I are collecting **new** gifts for the women and children who will be spending this Christmas in 
CHRISTMAS PARTY NIGHTS AT TULLYGLASS
Only 52 days until 
We have lots of surprises planned for this Holiday season
‘Tis the Season! Such a great time hosting 
's Yonge-Dundas Square Christmas tree lighting ceremony takes place on Nov.18
Two more days before the official start of the Christmas season!!
Merry Christmas to everyone 
“How do we know those hens are French? The berets!” 
Wrapping up books! 
In Chicago for the weekend and spotted my new book in the Chicago Tribune! THE TWELVE DAYS OF CHRISTMAS is “Fresh, fun, and full of energy”! Thanks to 
yay! 
haha. this is what i love about acting! getting to play all different kinds of characters. thank you! merry christmas!
It’s beginning to look a lot like 
The most wonderful time of the year is almost here. 
My TA brought three dozen bagels to class today and has played 
We're very excited about 
A moment of calm during a very crazy day shooting our Annual 
Arctic puffins, we’re bringing Santa’s favourite films to Sheffield and Manchester very soon at 
We are so excited to be popping up at 
Our Christmas events 
It's the most wonderful time of the year!
Pop down to the Square this Friday for lots of festive fun 
Christmas cheer last night with 
Who would you vote for? 
NOT LONG NOW! 
 winner and runners up!!! Brill morning 
'Tis the season! 
Happy to announce that we will have 
 CHEER! 
One of our Home towns 
After months of planning today is the day that 
Lights are ON! 
We invite you to join us for our Christmas Light Switch On, 16th November. It will be an amazing evening for all the family. Let it glow in Harrogate 
Busy night in 
Nearly time! 
See you tomorrow! 
Who do you think should win JD's 
Free entry

Another big week 
Christmas is on its way… 
Pop down the the Fundraising Hub today and pick up some Christmas presents 
Christmas has arrived at the Fundraising Hub! We have lots of decorations and are open 10-3pm! 
 Book the family in for a festive night of ice skating, Christmas Cream Tea and Santa's helpers! This December will be a magic one at 
 Make Christmas one to remember, with a visit to the brand new ice skating rink in the grounds of 
 it's time to start getting organised and festive 
The most glamorous ladies from our 2017 bake off collection! Tag a 
 decorations will give a warm festive feel to any home this Christmas 
A “little” holiday cheer has arrived in 
Been there 
So excited to have my friends 
Baileys on ice and 
Hitting the shelves at the tap room this Friday...The Pfeffernusse Saison. 
Since everyone’s getting in the festive spirit, here’s our version of Xmas. RT and get your friends dancing
Another haul of absolute STONKERS landing with us this week, with more announcements coming soon and loads of treats hitting the taps too! 
Our Christmas beer Gift o' Gold - 4.5% golden ale infused with orange, vanilla and Xmas spices has gone into cask this week. Taking preorders now: 07969950755 
St Pancras is already my favourite station in London, but the addition of this striking Christmas Tree by the station’s very own luxury florist 
Lots of interest in this years tall Christmas tree which has sprung up in 
Look at this stunning creation by 
Christmas Tree brownie anyone? 
Christmas 
One of the festive nail art looks we created in our Covent Garden store yesterday (all in prep for Thursday's 
We’ve been in our Covent Garden store this morning prepping some very special festive nail art 
Too early to talk about Christmas?... Enjoy these while you wait. (it’s only 37 days away...woo!)
 Ealing 
You can find our Christmas Opening Times for all our indoor markets now on our website 
This is a bit 
'Tis the season of warming puds full of spice. Here's one of my recipes. Make it for your fam this weekend, send me a pic and might send you some treats!  Because...Christmas.
A huge thank you to 
Our first time ever 
We've fallen in love!  
Meet our new BBF 
Winner has been DM, please look out for more competitions soon we are feeling festive 
Only 5 weeks to 
EXACTLY 9 WEEKS UNTIL 
 These Merry Cwtchmas jumpers are too cute 
A few words from the wonderful 
We’re almost ready for our 
We feel like your Christmas Tree might be slightly bigger than ours?
Fancy a little mystery in your stocking this Christmas? 

We've got you Mince Spies sorted
Winterville is coming 
We are delighted to have Justyna's amazing Irish gift cards in Shoda from 
It's almost that time of the year
 getting ATL in Christmas Spirit 
Christmas is all about spreading kindness so we’re giving away £200 to help give someone a Christmas to remember 
Just a few more weeks till Christmas holidays and you can lie in till the turkey's ready 
This place really is magical! 
After you're done watching, go stream/download 'Everyday Is Christmas'
It's the most wonderful time of the year & 'Everyday Is Christmas' is here to make it even better! 
50 DAYS UNTIL CHRISTMAS! 
Spotted: 
All you need to know about Christmas at Butlers Wharf Chop House this year! 
It's the most wonderful time of the year!
Pop down to the Square this Friday for lots of festive fun 
Christmas cheer last night with 
Kevin's back! And just as excited for Christmas as ever. Have you watched his journey to find love this Christmas? 
Liking the look of this! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas...
Feeling ready to get in the festive mood? We've got just the thing! Christmas in St Ives, the charming new ebook novella from 
The Sunshine Radio 
Only 2 more sleeps until 
Another edition of 
That face you make when you realize Thanksgiving is a couple of days away and Christmas is 34 days away!
Stoked to be co-hosting this benefit show for 
Just heard 
So excited to announce that I’ll be performing at 
It's almost Thanksgiving... Which means we're officially allowed to get in the Christmas spirit!! 
We're going home for Thanksgiving today and the "I'll Be Home For Christmas" video is out nowwww
We're performing at the 
Sorry, No Art Tomorrow, or the Next Day. We’re closed from now until 11am on the 27th so have a great Christmas from us all!
Christmas has arrived in 
Are you attending Oxford's Christmas Light Festival 
We are feeling very festive here at the WLAHS after last weeks fantastic outing to Squire’s Garden Centre. 
Not a dry eye in the Conference as 
We’re ready for Christmas in the Craft Gallery with Twink Addison’s quirky cartoon cards & Angela Lindsley’s miniature prints - perfect! 
Great day in Edinburgh today starting my Christmas shopping 
Just under 2 months until The 
"Up to 2,000 people expected to attend Crediton Christmas Lights Switch-On!" we're looking forward to this Saturday!
The final arrangements are now being made. We look forward to seeing you all on Saturday!
Start your shopping early 
I am collecting Advent calendars to take to Noah's Ark hospital~ if you would like to donate an Advent calendar, please give to Miss Janik. All calendars will be given to children who are in hospital poorly during Advent. Diolch yn fawr
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
One month to go... 
Anyone looking for  some inspiration for what to get  for Christmas? 
Help support local charity 
As December draws closer, it's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in Eastbourne! Take a look at this weekend's festive events: 
It's all getting very Christmassy in 
Wowee those fireworks were so pretty! Thanks for having me 
Christmas starts here!!! 
Lots of festive activities happening in Dundee this weekend. We can’t wait!! 
This is very exciting, limited spaces so get yourself on board for some Christmas hockey peeps 
Scunthorpe has a festive weekend in store for you this weekend....Saturday sees the Christmas Lights Switch on event with 
Only 4 weeks and a few days till Christmas! 
Our Christmas Fayre starts at 2pm until 4pm today at the Morton Hall! It's free entry and there will be live music plus 41 stalls selling amazing goods. See you there. 
From sassy secret 
Almost looking like little ‘lowly cattle sheds’ - always a lovely Christmas 
How cute is this? It was in my goody bag from tonight’s 
Fab opening night 
Started the Christmas shopping? Want to buy something awesome, heartfelt & not from Amazon? I know some crazy talented people whose crafts make ace pressies. Why not buy a handmade leather journal from 
Still a few places left at the 
Thank you so much Catherine! 
DON'T MISS!  
For those of you who like to be prepared here is this year's Luton Foodbank advent calendar :D 
Top of the tree today is 
I love a productive Saturday: Christmas shopping done, Cuthbert‘s cat calendar purchased, visited Leeds Christmas market, slow cooked lamb ready, binging on Netflix and we have a house full of mulled wine and popcorn
Last Friday, we paired up with the 
Tomorrow's the big day! 
! The Christmas 
When you join 
Beautiful night for 
Flight is booked. Your boy is coming home for Christmas 
Help us reach our goal of building 37 
Fresh or faux?
 favorite 
Start planning for the holidays now! These cities are guaranteed to get you in the holiday spirit. 
Meredith Andrews says of her new Christmas album, "Receive Our King", "I pray that everyone who hears these songs will be drawn in to remember, reflect, and respond to the birth of our Savior that truly was the turning point in history.”
Check out her new release! 
It's that wonderful time of year again... Our annual holiday tree is lit for all to see! 
Christmas Show 
Take a bow 
I am supporting 
10/10 Christmas 
We need your help! We're holding a Christmas event for our elderly residents on Joseph’s Road in 
 This looks brilliant! 
Dick Whittington, Buddy The Elf, 
COMING SOON > keep an eye out for the 
As part of the fab 
Today is the deadline for our Christmas Card competition and we've already had some excellent entries. It's making us feel very Christmassy 
BIG Thks everyone for the RT’s, likes & lovely comments on my latest Xmas
A truly Enchanting setting to enjoy 
Festive Family Fun - Visit The Annual Doonbeg Christmas Market This Year For a Real Treat 
From Dingle Gin Infused Smoked Salmon to Irish Hampshire Ham, our Signature Tastes range will help you make this Christmas the best one yet!
SuperValu, here to help you make Christmas Super. 
Looks great Kevin! Let’s hope we can 
Christmas is all about the magic of family traditions. 
Stocking filler gift ideas 
This is a bit 
All the info on our very special 
Holidays are here! Who doesn’t love a vegan leather skirt!!! Obssessed with this outfit! Check out 
Think it’s time to get the 
Thank you BASEL 
 COMPETITION TIME! 
Wake up the luxurious warm surroundings of 
Headed to see the pops 
Christmas lights are up! 
Happy Christmas everyone!! 
 FEEL THE INCOMING CRIMBO! We are NOW taking bookings, for our PROPER NORTHERN CHRISTMAS menu on 020 7249 7455 / bookings@jaguarshoes.com / two courses £25 / three courses £29  
Are you ready for Hackney's Christmas light switch-on at 5pm on Sunday 26 Nov Hackney Town Hall? 
 Listening to Christmas music on 
Spotted: DFW elves bringing 37-feet of holiday cheer to our terminals.

Join us tomorrow, November 21, at 4:00 p.m. for the official 
tips from The House.. 
Great post about Kansas City's holiday traditions. Well worth reading! 
Lovely to see these rehearsal shots of BAA clients, 
Our Christmas women <3 tech meet-up is filling up fast. We'll be talking about women in sport and technology as well as sharing a festive drink 
Christmas jumper looking a bit old? 
Our Alternative Guide: Advent Calendars for all the Family ~ 
 these awesome 
Now this is exciting!!! Loving the sparkle 
Go Team CN!!! 
This is very intriguing! It's great to see everyone making such an effort! Good luck 
Another creative morning working on our 
Do you have a creative flare? Do you think you could build a Christmas Tree to represent your company/business? With less than 2 weeks to register don't miss out! It's only £20 to enter and all proceeds will be donated to 
It's the most wonderful time of the year & 'Everyday Is Christmas' is here to make it even better! Stream or download the album 
Who said chocolate doesn't grow on trees? 
 is almost here! 
Have you got that 
Wouldn't it be great if Mr Underbed by 
Put pen to paper & get creative! Enter our Christmas Poetry Competition and you could WIN a brilliant book token from 
Discover why we are the perfect 
Celebrate the joy at our Annual Tree Lighting celebration tomorrow night, November 16th, at 7:30pm. Hosted by 
Happy Release Day 
Christmas lights switch on celebrations. Today from 4pm at Victoria Square....see you all there! 
Excited to work with 
Get a swatch at Christmas TIME! 
It's Christmas TIME! 
Our Christmas tree has arrived! 
Take a trip back in time with these Credit Union Christmas Pageant photos from the 
There are only 8 sleeps until pageant day! 
'Tis the season! We're giving you the chance to win one of five product of the year hampers... Click through to enter now. 
News flash... Christmas 
A wonderful way to engage with those around you this Christmas 
It’s time for today’s gift of the day. This little gem is from 
Experience some of the traditions of A Victorian Christmas on Sat 2 Dec | Fun for families with craft activities, trails and games! 
Advent calendar sorted for this year - helping 
Ready to start your Christmas shopping? Check out our handy guide to the festive opening hours in town 
We'll be there! Will you?! Magical Middlesbrough Christmas Lights Switch On, TOMORROW! 23 Nov, all the fantastic entertainment kicks off at 6pm, Centre Square. Be there!! 
Festive fancy dress anyone? 
Here’s a cool sneak preview at our upcoming 
This genius made an entire Housewives Christmas tree, then perfectly ranked the housewives ornaments best (top, Dorinda) to worst (bottom, Peggy). It’s stunning. 
When you realise there's only 33 days until Christmas... 
The Tree Amigos will be at Lloyd Park 
Date for diary! 
ITS BEGINNING TO LOOK A LOT LIKE CHRISTMAS! 
CHRISTMAS COMPETITIONS! 
Tomorrow we install our Christmas tree and decorations! Stay tuned for festive pictures 
Thank you so much for watching 
That was perfect. I’m officially in the Christmas spirit!! 
12 Days of Xmas
 Custom framed 
Loving the Christmas 
Waving santas, snowmen, reindeers and sleds! 
Saw my first trailer load of Christmas trees being delivered tonight.

Surely they'd be fecked by December 25th? 
If you were involved in the cancelled Heaven On Earth tour, please can you e-mail your contact details to 
Treat someone special this 
The Farmer’s Markets will be open 23rd December usual hours, and on Christmas Eve they will be open till 1pm so you can get any last minute ingredients to make the perfect festive feast, like these little roasties 
Good to see Costa are on message for a STAGS Christmas... 
Making memories with 
Going to 
We're stocking up ready for Christmas 
Download one of our all time favourite 
 Big Christmas calendar highlight is the invite to sing for residents, their families & care workers at 
Another fabulous piece by 
70 stalls handmade crafts
Delighted to welcome local artist Mary Casserley with her cards and prints to this year’s fair- plus 70 other stalls! Nov 19th, 11am-4pm.
Raffle tickets on sale at the Craft Fair- prizes include a Christmas cake made by Candice Brown 
SUNDAY SNUGGLES 
 For each item sold from our Ugly Sweater collection from 11/10-12/24 2017, we will donate $1 to 
Another way to get into the Holiday spirit is by listening to 
Thank you dear 
Arctic puffins, we’re bringing Santa’s favourite films to Sheffield and Manchester very soon at 
Keep an eye on our website for all our events in the run up to Christmas 
Christmas OPEN STUDIO day! Saturday 2nd December. Lots of Christmas decorations and mulled… 
Psst... Why not join our shady associates this Christmas for illicit cocktails and festive merrymaking down at the apartment? 
Psst... This Christmas, join our shadiest associates for festive shindigs filled with illicit 
We know it's early, but we couldn't resist setting up our 
HOLIDAY GIFT IDEAS FROM LIME ROCK DRIVERS CLUB! Please call Jeanette Veitenheimer at 860.435.5000 x 104, or contact by e-mail at Jeanette@limerock.com to discuss all the opportunities! 
What do you call a singing elf... A WRAPPER!!!!!
Do you have your 
Have you got your 
 Sunderland Digital Christmas Trivia Night! Join us for festive music, mince pies and a tipple or two. Over £200 worth of prizes to be won! Wed 20 Dec at 
Now that's what I call a Christmas gift guide! The very best of 
Our festive menu is here. Available from Monday 27th November, book online (give us a call for groups of over 8) or just drop in. Veggie and vegan options
Officially Christmas time 
Check out these 10 Great Gifts for Christmas 
Wishing the cast & crew of 
Am digging out the Christmas earrings in preparation for 
A great snap from the auditorium, and another great audience for 
There are only two chances left to join the Bunker family for crackers & calamities in this week's "unmissable" 
Happy Friday from Eddie & Chris Moose! 
Merry Christmas to all at 
FESTIVE FORTUNE COOKIE FUN 
One hour to go
Excellent gloves from 
Psst! Make sure you’re here tomorrow morning for a little festive announcement!
OTD, '01: local heroes & stars of 
3rd day of the 12 Days of Close House - win a lesson with our PGA professionals 
Another haul of absolute STONKERS landing with us this week, with more announcements coming soon and loads of treats hitting the taps too! 
Available NOW tweeterhead 
Have yourself a scary little Christmas! NEW Elvira ornaments from 
Pine buds for Project Christmas Tree Beer
I’m picking pine tree tips to brew a Christmas tree beer 
The 75-foot tall Norway Spruce from State College was cut down Thursday and will arrive in the city Saturday. 
Looking forward to this years Christmas fair 
It’s starting to feel a lot like Christmas starts to feel like Christmas 
1 of 3 NEW beers for Christmas 
Curious about how you could make Christmas bookings easier this year with 
A huge Christmassy, jingle-bells THANK YOU to everyone who came along to the 
Start your Christmas shopping nice and early with a truly unique gift courtesy of 
12 days for £12 here at York Sport Village - sign up now! 
Festive dates for your diary
Local freelancer? Get a place to host your goods in our Christmas Market from 12th-23rd of December. Get in touch today to get your space! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
Both the Boots and the Sky movies Christmas adverts make me bubble this year! 
We have 15% off all our wooden gifts, including personalised / custom orders taken throughout the show. All guaranteed to be delivered in time for Christmas
So if you live in 
The stage is set 
Getting ready to switch on 
Private dining at The Royal Scots Club! 
With abundant decorations and crackling fires throughout, book your stay online! 
Starting to feel like Christmas!!! 
32 days until Christmas!

33 days until Christmas!

34 days until Christmas!

It’s time to get into the Christmas Spirit! 
Want to learn how to make bagel & butter pudding? Come and find out from 
Fancy trying a lovely new 
Lovely Sunday 
 CHRISTMAS PARTIES | Whyteleafe FC clubhouse is now available to book at lunchtimes for your office Christmas get together. Dates are from Monday 11th December - Thursday 21st December. To book your place contact Clive Davis on 020 8660 5491.
Season 13 Starts Dropping Over The Christmas Half Term 
Christmas 
Loved hosting the 
LOVING all the 
I can dress the whole family in cheesy jumpers!
Can you avoid the 12 Frauds of Christmas?
Do you hear that? Those are the Chimes of Christmas & your possible two free tickets! RT this tweet to enter! 
Christmas Tree brownie anyone? 
Turn on my notifications to add you to a new daily shout out list , Dm me when done.

Wearing pjs to the shop is one thing. Being in Tesco in a Friday night in November in a reindeer onesie is another level. Well played lady 
Don't you hate it when people put up their Christmas tree early? 
Guessss what?!?! My FAVE sweater comes in 5 colours AND it's on SALE right now!! 
It’s a 
Take a look at this band update on our website - looking forward to a packed Christmas season! 
Announcing our next concert! Christmas Carols for Choir & Audience at 7.30 on the 8th of December, featuring some 
Christmas is about more than just presents. Give your loved ones the gift of time this year with 
Looking for some sustainable and ethical gifts from Irish companies this Christmas? Check out my  Green Gift Guide with something for everyone! 
Looking forward to our annual Shopping evening where you can grab some unique gifts. Look forward to seeing you all there. 
Hoover up your Brexit woes 
Don’t forget there’s a splash of Christmas December 2nd 
That's a wrap on Christmas 
Why go all over 
This SUNDAY it’s the 
Breaking News... 
Had so much fun switching on Stirling Xmas lights 
Tomorrow - Lincoln 
GOING HOME FOR THE HOLIDAYS? 
Please keep the people of Puerto Rico in your thoughts this holiday season 
Celebrate the Holidays at Banff Centre with 5 amazing shows for the whole family! The season of magic starts November 25th 
You can drop off toys at any 
TOMORROW MORNING! 
Follow Ebenezer Scrooge, Tiny Tim and the whole gang through A Christmas Carol at 
It's beginning to look a lot like 
RETWEET if you're coming to 
We still have tickets left for our annual London carol concert on Thursday 7 December. Join us alongside other incredible members of the St Mungo’s community for a festive evening of merriment, entertainment and song 
Why so mad? It's almost Christmas!!!
It's beginning to look a lot like.. 
More Xmas trees are on the way!
It's the most wonderful time of the year! Come to Harper's to find your perfect tree & some personalized & unique ornaments to go with it! 
We've got holiday décor like never before! 
Christmas on Locke events launch with a bang on Friday, with the lighting of our community tree! 
Merry Christmas, America! 
This Christmas 
OMG ... Boston's Christmas tree from Nova Scotia is humongous and so very beautiful .... Thank you so very much Nova Scotia !!!!

Seasonal, atmospheric and romantic! CHRISTMAS AT CONWENNA COVE by Darcie Boleyn is 99p for a limited time only! Grab this amazing must-read for 
Buy the book readers are calling the ‘Christmas read of the year!’ CHRISTMAS AT CONWENNA COVE by 
Another UK Kindle chart climber! The wonderful CHRISTMAS AT CONWENNA COVE by 
Help our market community welcome the festive season this Saturday from 5pm in the square 
@Regranned from @katieloweceramics -  two weeks to go until the welbeck winter weekend at the @harley_gallery 
Harrogate’s Christmas Market is in full swing! Traders, we know it’s busy - but if you get a minute or two, have a chat with our Field Support Officer 
We’ve had a wonderful time at the 
Make it Magical this Christmas with 
Christmas is coming and Team Cuckoo are all over it! 
Perfect Christmas gifts down at 

Plz RT tickets on sale 
You my friend are now on my Christmas card list 
Take a look at our fabulous range of 
Christmas in 
Tinsel is back! 
Our delicious festive menus have launched today 


We've launched our 


Pour a mulled wine, get cosy, and join us LIVE this evening as we rehearse The Nutcracker:


It might still be November, but...


Holiday ready. 
What a lovely day recording carols for 
Yes.... we are going there! 
We are looking forward to the start of the festive season here in 
Tugboat on Tour!
We’re of again traveling up country to do Hestercombe Christmas fair yay! for a 3 day festive shopping experience 
“Oh Christmas Tea oh Christmas Tea”
We have Christmas Tea 
To our TEAmail subscribers... What a night! We sold out of our first batch of Christmas teas within an hour! They are now back in stock 
Another wonderful 
Today I’m off to buy my Christmas decorations and I don’t even care if it’s only the 5th November 
We'll be live on Facebook this evening for the switch-on of the Christmas lights at 7pm! 
Excited for this tonight 
Only in RI... “Road Trip!” 
Snap with us at tree lighting tonight! Filter provided by 
Here’s what you could be up to on Saturday in our Elves Workshop at 
Beginning to look very festive here at the Custard Factory 
The first batch of stars have been fired at my studio 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
You guys, 
A “little” holiday cheer has arrived in 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Xmas! 

So it’s early... I don’t care! 


'Tis the season! Taylor’s sharing her top 5 free holiday events in the city 
The December issue of Ho-Ho-Homes & Antiques is on sale now! Pick up your copy for plenty of seasonal sparkle 
Have you picked up your copy of the December issue yet? If not, pick up your copy today to discover magical homes full of festive ideas 
Get in the holiday spirit with the 
Explore this exciting new area of 
A lovely welcome outside the City Vaults Pub
Did you miss out on today’s Christmas shopping extravaganza today 
Don't forget to come out tomorrow for the annual 
Make a child's 
Christmas Toy Appeal
Bring your good quality, second hand toys to any R:evolve store before Thursday 23rd Nov and we will deliver them to 
Oooh! We can’t wait! 
It's almost time for Festival of Trees! You can pre-register your phone for mobile bidding at 
We’ve seen it. It’s pretty cool. 
Wondering what to do this 
Who's going to the 
Join our mailing list today for all the latest treats in the lead up to Christmas 
Imagine a city made for Christmas...
It is indeed, and it's making us feel very festive! 
Too soon for Christmas? 
"Blast this Christmas music. It's joyful and triumphant!" 
Dates have opened up for Christmas parties at our venue, The Hide! 
Celebrate the joy at our Annual Tree Lighting celebration tomorrow night, November 16th, at 7:30pm. Hosted by 
Have you put up your Christmas decorations yet?
"Joy to the Universe" by Littleclyde Illustration

A light workload."Seasonal Employment" by David Olenick 
The pink nightmare. 
To honor the most 
'Tis the season for family and major awards. 
Excited to return to San Diego for 
From sassy secret 
Why you don't need to book a brunch this 
Swap your kit for a knit and support 
Our shop’s Gingerbread wreath is giving us all 
ONLY 6 DAYS TO GO 
Now that's what I call a Christmas gift guide! The very best of 
Our festive menu is here. Available from Monday 27th November, book online (give us a call for groups of over 8) or just drop in. Veggie and vegan options
Never too early for a Santa hat 
With the Frankfurt Christmas Market now open, there’s even more reason to visit Birmingham this weekend for our 
Join our Brownies and Guides at Sale Library on Saturday for the Christmas lights Switch On! 
If you've never made a Christmas cake, this classic recipe is the one for you: 
Send the cutest card to your BFF this Christmas with our 'Season's Greetings' card, designed in partnership with 
Get booking now for 'Festive Box of Delights' as 
Our club Christmas 
Get cosy at Peppermint
The season is almost upon us...
Just opened our first Christmas job of the year. 
 is almost here! 
Absolute Christmas tree GOALS at 
Snow, a made up country (Aldovia, just different enough from Genovia), royalty drama, a sick kid, an accidentally undercover reporter breaking all the rules, a love rival, a glitzy ball - MERRY CHRISTMAS 
David Holmberg, President and CEO of Highmark Health, and his grandson kicked off the downtown Pittsburgh holiday season by lighting the Highmark Unity Tree at 
Are you ready for Light Up Night in 
Today I interviewed a man about 
 Take things up a notch with a 
Big love to those darling Jarmans 
TICKETS FOR OUR NEXT MASSIVE CHRISTMAS PARTY ARE ON SALE NOW! 
I’m beginning to think some North London hipsters are keeping this tree bare on purpose. Two nights running I’ve walked past. WHERE ARE THE DECORATIONS? Please send photos of Christmas trees and decorations it’s making me sad 
Ok when people say...
 "What do you want for Christmas"
And your over 30..
Can I still say a Nerf Gun?? 
Get an autographed booklet with purchase of my new "All I Want For Christmas Is You" soundtrack while supplies last at 
PERFORMER ANNOUNCEMENT! Cheesecake extraordinaire Harlow Kitty!
December 21st at 
Had a blast at the 
Ticket sales for LA SALETTE begins TODAY at 3:30-5:30!!! Tickets are FREE for the FESTIVAL OF LIGHTS show on December 1st from 5-9pm!!!
i know i'm early but i couldn't help but decorate for my favorite holiday 
Make sure 'Everyday Is Christmas' is under your 
Keep everyone happy at the 
It's November! 

HAVE YOUR SAY and vote on your favourite Chrismas 
 with chocolate this Xmas
Eeeek! So very excited for St Nicks Christmas Market 
Picked up your ticket to our 
you can support 
what lovely 
Going to the 
Getting ready for tomorrow’s Christmas Card Workshop 
Melanie Morris & Marissa Carter, founder of Cocoa Brown Tan,  have been  choosing their top Christmas gifts from Cara Pharmacy. This morning's top pick is this stunning rose-gold perfume set from 
Kevin's back and just as excited for Christmas as ever! Have you watched his journey to find love this Christmas?
Kevin's back, and he has a friend! These plush toys are the perfect pair to show off your family's festive spirit!
Wow wow wow what an amazing night! Thank you to everyone who made it. 
Dawsons Christmas Kids Club is taking over 
We're humbled to see 
Here's a sneak peak of our events menu. Book with us & receive a free Cava for all your guests!
'Tis (almost) the season!
REMEMBER...

You can get an extra £10 OFF your order when you spend £60 or more with us this Christmas! 

Just Use The Code --> CHRISTMAS 
Join us tomorrow in the Gate G Atrium at 10:05AM for the 2017 
Join us for the Annual 
Make a small donation to the 
Getting into the festive spirit! 
Looking for holiday gifting tips? Check out Steve Noviello's gift guide live stream, starting now!: 
HAPPY PAWLIDAYS
Plan ahead and grab your tickets for The Steely Damned 2's Second Annual Holiday Show on Friday, December 29 
HTX - One Week!!⠀
.⠀

So close, Houston!⠀
.⠀

It maybe cold & dreary but the Christmas Market is making us warm and cheery!!. Opening tmrw & there's a special preview evening for residents TONIGHT 5-7pm!. Also if you have a Discovery Card you will be able to enjoy exclusive discounts & promotions 
Get your Christmas Appeal Badges here: 
St Francis Church, Keynsham are getting in the Christmas spirit and are putting on an amazing FREE event! Come along on Saturday 2nd December to join in the crafty fun!! All are welcome 
Everyone's favourite sleuthing Father is back for Christmas 
HOLY CAU IT’S XMAS
Go to 
Head to our Instagram page 
Is there anything more Christmassy than watching "The Santa Clause" in my Christmas pjs whilst eating Terrys Chocolate Orange? 
2/2 Don't miss the talent, the art and of course the one and only Santa Claus 
Come party with soul singer 
We're feeling festive, tickets for The Nutcracker LIVE from the 
We're shining our light here at 
Event Alert! Sign up for the first Active Newcastle Christmas Virtual Event. Have fun, where you want, when you want
Booking your christmas party? 
This is the BEST. New 
I know, I know, it’s not even Thanksgiving yet, but... COME ON CHRISTMAS!! 
Just the lights to go now! 
And.....touchdown! 
Oh Christmas tree...oh Christmas tree! 
Cafe library have your christmas lunch cooking away, dont miss out! 
Can't wait to get started on this!   
We're already starting to feel festive in our children's library! 
Perfect family show of 
Lovely Sunday afternoon reading the Christmas plays for our Christmas Do. All unique and festively brilliant. 
I’m going to be at 
 - time to get our baubles out again 
Six of the best festive afternoon teas on offer in Glasgow 
Christmas in 
Catch me on the Christmas house party edition of the 
Moorland Road Christmas Light Switch On Tomorrow starting at 2pm, lights on at 4:30pm 
Look! 


Pour a mulled wine, get cosy, and join us LIVE this evening as we rehearse The Nutcracker:


It might still be November, but...


 Just two days to go till the 
We have been featured in 
HAPPY CHRISTMAS BABIES! 
New holiday beer on tap
Glad I got to see the U.S. Capitol Christmas Tree here in Kansas City! It was super neat! 
Enjoyed the Whistle Stop today in 
GOING HOME FOR THE HOLIDAYS? 
Tomorrow's the big day! 
Me too!  Right after church. 
Presenting the 
Our Xmas Dinner Social
Nothin' wrong with a birreh prep. 
It's never too early to listen to Christmas music. Especially when it's 
Oh HELL YES 
Typically I have a strict no Christmas until after Thanksgiving policy, but after 3 days I couldn't wait any longer to listen to 
Meredith Andrews says of her new Christmas album, "Receive Our King", "I pray that everyone who hears these songs will be drawn in to remember, reflect, and respond to the birth of our Savior that truly was the turning point in history.”
Check out her new release! 
Gettin’ I
Patients are painting some ornaments in class today. Any 
Happy birthday to this guy 
You right you right 
It’s beginning to look a lot like 
Our yearly tradition ! The holidays don’t start until we see 
A rare Tree Mancini card at this year’s 
Only 8 until the Herr’s Holiday light show! 
MERRY CHRISTMAS to everyone. Thank you for ur continued support & commitment! From all of the coaches & committee,  have a wonderful day.
X-M A S | P R E P 
Merry Christmas to everyone and their loved ones. God bless you with the best. 

Come down to 
Row upon row of independent makers & creators pop up every week Thursday - Sunday on Spinningfields. Take a festive trip to the 
We love seeing photos from your festive trip to Spinningfields. Here are a few of our favourites shared over on Instagram 
Head down to Spinningfields today for a Sunday stroll through the christmassy 
We’re all set to take to the stage in Southport with 
A pleasure to work w/ 
Can you believe it’s almost 1 month until Christmas?! 
From the Christmas Market to the Christmas Record Fair, Christmas at 
Lots of special packages being sent today from Santa's Elves & 
Our beautiful Starry Night gift range is now available online and in stores.
Perfect for Christmas gift ideas 
Take a bite of Christmas spice and pick up a pack of Hawkens Gingerbread in store – we think they make the perfect stocking filler! 
Ho-Ho-Ho 6 weeks until Christmas 
As we officially hit the festive period our Christmas Shop is Back! And chock-full with more organic treats, gifts & xmas essentials than ever before 
Dun dun dun...It's time to start thinking about what to get your pals for 
We're looking forward to our 
Planning a holiday party? Make the most of your plans- ask our Event Sales team about the Monday-Thursday party incentives! We'll make sure that your event is jolly and bright 
Are you ready for 
At these farms and forests, the search for the perfect 
TYMELESS KREW PRESENTS
Ever wished you could hire a professional to decorate your Christmas tree? Now, essentially, you can. 
I’ve partnered with @SoftSurroundings to show you how to GLAM up small spaces with cozy (and festive) ideas! 
Stock up before your neighbor, Christmas beer fans 
Join us for our first monthly Bottle Club on Saturday 2nd December! Sip, share and be merry! 
Come and buy our delicious Bloody Good Marys at the 
1 of 3 NEW beers for Christmas 
It's not too early to be festive.. 
The Dublin Christmas Lights turn on this evening
Just had our first Christmas card in the post. 
Make a child's 
Our Alternative Guide: Advent Calendars for all the Family ~ 
 these awesome 
Hot 
It’s like all of my Christmases have come early!!
Looking forward to trying the new 
Fresh or faux?
Join us for 
So...I walk into the Severe Weather Center this morning and see this sweet little Christmas 
Can you avoid the 12 Frauds of Christmas?
 starting today in store with great prices and 20% off every 2nd item purchased its till to get stocked up for 
During your holiday travels, 
This is how Gardens Aglow, the cozy and bright holiday show at 
The Tree is Up 
It's beginning to look a lot like 
Thrilled to be part of Carols this year 
Hurry, there’s still time to book your POP Christmas Party! 
Last minute availability for your Pop Christmas party at the 
It's not too late to book your POP Christmas Party at the River Rooms! 
You can still book your Christmas party at the River Rooms - our 
The 2017 edition will be out just before Christmas 
MEMBERS XMAS PARTY 
WXCU is NOW officially playing XMAS Tunes all season long!
A great gift for Christmas 
Evergreen angel 
Ringing in the holiday season with the cutest Christmas products from 
Make Christmas shopping easy with the Princesshay Gift Card 
Have you seen the Christmas trees along Roman Walk? Here's the tree decorated by 
It’s that time of year to give the gift that keeps on giving! 
Gift Card Battle Rd. 4
Gift Card Battle Rd. 3
Gift Card Battle Rd. 2
Gift Card Battle Rd. 1
JUNO winner Steve Strongman is having a Christmas show and has a few award winning friends joining him ! 
Remember 
All we want for Christmas 
Date for you diary 
Every child loves jammies - this holiday season give all kids a chance to dream BIG! Donate PJs to Pyjama Patrol 
It will be a Victorian Christmas this Saturday at the Windsor Guildhall!! From 10:30-6:30 join us for festivities! 
 ......plans for Saturday 18th Nov sorted!
Custom Home Kit Case - toddcantwell 
.
Use Code: ‘XMAS’ for 20% off 
Pleased to announce I will be singing at the Great Yarmouth Christmas Light Switch on this Friday 24th November 
Christmas lights are going up 
Christmas 
 LADS 
 present alert 
Last 
 Christmas at Paultons is officially OPEN for 2017!!


 Christmas at Paultons returns THIS weekend! Peppa and George are all wrapped up in their hats and scarves and can't wait to meet you all! 

We hope you all have a great time at the Park! 
...and the Christmas tree is up in Peppa Pig World! 
Journey to the North Pole through our dazzling display of sparkling lights, snowy scenes and magical music this festive season 
Tickets released!
Helping raise money for 
 Details for next month's 
With Christmas approaching, 
The holiday season has officially begun in 
Surprise! This week we have two giveaways: We’re giving away two pairs of tickets to 

NEW Christmas Cocktails incoming. (Sneak peek 
Boxing Day with 
Mistletoe and beats 
Manchester Christmas party 
Come on down to St James Park 
If Winter/Christmas is getting you into the wedding spirit then look no further... 
Christmas deadline number 1!
If you want to guarantee delivery of any products before Christmas, check out our deadline dates here
I'm so looking forward to December 6  
Thrilled to finally share Winter Wonderland with you all!
tips from The House.. 
It's the most wonderful time of the year...because 
Peppermint Mochas in these cups, Rockefeller Center, SHU Christmas Tree Lighting, All I Want for Christmas is You... Its almost here!
: We are filming in 
I’m going to NYC for one final time as 
Christmas is already upon us at the Principe Felipe 5* Hotel... 
BRB, taking a trip down Holiday Lane 
The countdown has begun... Happy 1st of December everybody from 
It's starting… 
It's almost that time of the year
Thank you 
We’ve announced some great new 
 TIME...and so 
Wonderful time to kick off the Holiday Season! 
TIDINGS
We have a treat for all those on the naughty list this year
We went to this last night, it was absolutely stunning and a real Christmas treat! If you can go, you really should 
Fill your stockings right up! 
 Love it or hate it: Christmas is coming! 
Day 2 
RT & Follow for a chance to 
This year, it’s all about 
It's nearly time... 
 Today's DAILY 
Anyone putting up their 
Christmas Wrapping Paper 
 Make your own Christmas Cards! 
Retweet and follow to win all these sweets (bowl not included) . Happy 1st December 
Don't miss the Christmas lights switch-on this Friday.  A good start to the season.
It's December!!
 Tree goals 
Break out the hot cocoa! 
There's nothing like a Mickey and Minnie gingerbread crispy treat from 
It is 
Day 2 of 
Happy 1st December all! To celebrate the start of the festive season we've got a Christmas giveaway launching later today on the blog! Stay tuned
Sooo who's up for a little festive giveaway? 
Brett is performing TOMORROW NIGHT on A Very Pentatonix Christmas with 
Get ready for a rockin' holiday season with a new episode of 
It's finally December! 
This tiny gingerbread house is totally getting us in the mood to watch 
Come and see us tomorrow in Hays Galleria  from 11am where we shall be selling all things Christmas! Excited for 
      
The countdown has begun! Be sure to check the FairTrade 
Want to have festive fun in London for less? Here’s your budget-friendly guide to 
Christmas film lovers - assemble! Just tell us your fave festive film & your no.1 will appear on VUER to watch on board. Click the link to see your choices! 
Below is the price list for the Trash to treasure goods. Catch us at the Christmas Fayre or send me a message for personalised orders! 
Here are just some of the products which Trash to Treasure will be selling at the Christmas Fayre this Saturday and Sunday. See you there! 
Here are some new products upcycled tonight at Trash to Treasure! 
Trash to Treasure’s wine holder production is in full swing. £4.50 per holder or £5.00 for a holder with a personalised message. PM me or 
The trash to treasure team are on the hunt for unwanted bits and bobs which could be brought back to life. Eg. Unwanted xmas baubles, ribbon, glassware, costume jewellery or anything else! Drop in to me or 
Trash to Treasure is back tomorrow to finalise orders and prep for the Christmas Fayre. Who is with us?! 
The Blackpool Tower Eye is the perfect place to send off your letters to 
Advent starts tomorrow and this year I'm trying something different. In the excitement, it's so easy to forget the true values of Christmas so I'm planning to carry out 24 days of social action or acts of kindness to help me remember what's really important at this time of year
Fancy a festive mini break this December? Here are the best places you should go to 
Feel like a kid.. .. 12ft Christmas tree has been delivered!! Massshoosive..  now need to get more Decs in!!  Tra la la 
Make sure you're ready for 
What do we think our giant Pug is called? There’s games galore at our Xmas fair today! 
So excited for 
These 9 places are offering a delicious and festive Christmas afternoon tea throughout December 
CBeebies 
Left it too late to get your usual chocolate 
Jeff has his copy of 
Out shopping and Season Of Love is playing over the loud speakers. 
We’re taking over 
Looking forward to all the nonprofit digital advent calendars kicking off tomorrow. If you spot one or are doing one, let me know! 
 Oxfam's Fill Your Own crackers on 
Visit your local Oxfam to find that perfect unexpected gift this year, and spread a little hope to people who need it the most 
Are Christmas cards a dying tradition?  
We're hosting a very special 
This Christmas 
Kevin's back and just as excited for Christmas as ever! Have you watched his journey to find love this Christmas?
Imagine a city made for Christmas...
 Christmas Gifs. 
 Packing up a bundle of lovely Irish books to send to lucky 
Dublin NW Repeal are launching our Advent Calendar to give all the reasons why 
and we're selling merch - perfect for Christmas presents! 
Preparations under way for the 
Some important times for your perusal! 
 please play 
 comes to 
Rise and shine.. IT'S CHRISTMAS!! 
We're switching on Christmas this Friday with 1 hour of Christmas songs at 8am 
Please RT 
On the lookout for donations this 
It’s the most wonderful time of the year 
Just 3 more sleeps! Tickets available now for The Joy Of Christmas 
So excited to wake up this morning on the first day of 
Don't want to panic you...but today it's exactly 1 month until Christmas! 
 Nearly time for 
Christmas Party season has arrived! 
Looking for a festive outing? Tickets to 
 Jinglin' all the way to Cardiff for the rugby?
It's busy out there - make sure you get in early

 'Tis the season to be jolly - and very busy. 
So if you are heading to the 
The annual Aberystwyth Lantern Parade and switching on the Christmas Lights 
 Happy 1st of December! 
'Christmas In Tahoe’ ft originals, classics & 5 new holiday favorites is available everywhere to stream/download
Christmas time officially kicks off this Wednesday in NYC, and we're joining the 
Long Island, we're kicking off the holiday festivities on November 28th at The Paramount for our Shake Up Christmas concert with 
'Tis officially the season to be merry and bright! 
Another day, another beautiful Christmas Tree lighting 
It’s the 1st day of 
 was amazing!! I’m in such a Christmassy mood now
We hope you enjoy all of our holiday cheer throughout the airport 
GIVEAWAY
Queen snapped just in time for Christmas 
Planning to leave Canada for Christmas break? 
DC folks: Buy your Christmas tree 
Check out some of our favorite moments from last night's 
We'll have lights, baubles,carols, santa, mince pies, mulled this, mulled that, warmed this, warming that...
But will we have snow?
Do come along on Sunday 17thD ec at 6pm, you'll enjoy it, it'll be very Christmassy 
Our resident Time Lord 
"It’s tough for the Rock and Roll Hall of Famers to do wrong, and they deck their Christmas LP with plenty of personality." We think so too! Thanks 
The best to spread holiday cheer is to get your 
Interested in winning £500 of shopping vouchers in time for Christmas? 
DAY 2 of our Digital Advent calendar & today you could win a Crepe in a jar + a sugar Crepe courtesy of 
Christmas Bazaar at Arabia Campus Fri - Tue 12 - 18
You know you're from Canada when the Ontario Government declares the first Saturday of December 
The trees are here! Sales start at 12PM today - join us beside the ticket tent at 
Make sure to follow along as 
Children can visit 
On the best day of Christmas my true love gave to me.. My Life Story, Patrick Duff, Star Shaped DJs & goodwill glam to all boys and girls. 
 My poorly girl felt a whole lot better after getting her letter from you 
We are very excited for the Christmas entertainment here in Letchworth tomorrow! 
Last weekend sparks flew at Garden Square when we welcomed 
Less than 3 months to go... 
 for our 2017 panto Beans are as bawdy as you'd imagine. 
LET THE FESTIVE FUN AND INNUENDO COMMENCE! 
Join our friends 
 is number 3 in 
A CRACKING end to 
Jubilee Square in 
A council admits it was "over cautious" when it installed a widely-ridiculed cordon around a Christmas tree for public safety 
Come on, Mark! It's Chrissssssstmas!! 
RT TO WIN: KYLIE HOLIDAY BUNDLE
Tis' the season to get merry big. Catch the best new bands first at 
Mayfair is ready for Christmas 
Holiday cheer at the production office of @adiscoveryofwitchestv via  Instastory 
What a great shot! 
Loving all the 
Speke Hall (inspiration for the Old Lodge) is looking festive 
 The Friday after our annual Christmas Miracle game, 
Just 3 days left to donate! 
Turks and Caicos for Christmas 
Tickets for our 
Our branches have been bringing festive cheer this week, with our Kilcot branch helping to light up 
This is what Christmas is all about! One of our fab families ‘Rockin’ around the Christmas tree’ 
Happy 1st of December! Here's a great Christmas gift idea 
If you don’t think it’s “too early” for Festive Music, here’s our DiSmas playlist. What’s missing? 
Chanced upon a lovely Christmas craft market on my walk through 
Festive fun & shopping 
It’s up! 
Cardiff has everything you need for the perfect Christmas - 
Lovely Christmas tree 
 thought he would join in the countdown to Christmas 
Merry everything! 
We were very busy last night at Waterloo Station setting up our (massive!) Christmas tree. We'll share more photos when it's all finished! 
 "It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas...!" 

We're getting all Christmassy 
Thank you to the teams from 
Love the holiday season in 
Is this on your kid's Christmas list?

If not, it should be! 
The spirit of Christmas is strong in Derby 
Wish we could go back 24 hours and enjoy 
It's just not Xmas until you hear it... 
Revealing the 
A twinkling welcome in the Foyer today 
Today we launch DAY 1 of our exclusive 
Looks great - we hope you'll be entering Best Dressed Ward/Department! 
Happy 1st of December! The countdown to Christmas is on, have you seen our beautiful Christmas Tree in the main entrance?
Instead of sending Christmas cards this year some of our team are collecting for 
Ta da! Our ‘Helping Hands’ tree is ready for the 
It was 
Our Cheadle office is a drop off point for 
This is set to be such a great event at 
We're supporting 
Christmas tree done! 
HallamCash4Kids: Great! Thank you! 
HallamCash4Kids: RT DoncasterRaces: Feeling festive? 
cfkradiocity: We are in Williamson square with our Christmas Bus!! Come say hello & see Santa 
It's finally December and the countdown to 
Snap a selfie with our elfie to win* two free 
The naughty elf is up to no good all over 
Getting started on your festive shopping? 
NEW CRIMBO MENU OUT NOW
 Today's 
Looking forward to visiting Haigh Hall   tomorrow for the Christmas artisan market 
Ho ho ho! Come and see us at 
Now here are several reasons to visit Leeds Market today! 
We're excited to see the final result! 
We’re switching on the Christmas Tree Lights in Glengormely! 
Delighted to announce that the Christmas Fair is returning this year with a range of local high quality crafters... 
This week, as it's December 1st, here I am looking all festive with my buddy 
Our head office is getting into the Christmas spirit putting up the tree this evening 
Tick off your 
A Christmas tree. 
Sat 2nd December I Will Be @ 
How is this actually a thing! It’s surreal 
The Christmas countdown has begun! 
Some characters which are dotted about in my latest 
What an epic week! Thanks 
Yay!!! We can now play Christmas songs on the radio ! I had to start it off with Chris Brown’s rendition of “This Christmas” 
A lot of love and hard work goes into growing the perfect Christmas tree. Follow the journey from seedling to festive centrepiece
Experience 
Some spontaneous caroling is taking place at this holiday party 
Our teammate Deborah doesn't need a 
Quebec City is as much of a winter wonderland as it gets!! 
Be careful carrying your 
This Wednesday 
Happy 1st December from MarketMakers at 
Super excited for the 
A new version of an advent calendar 
Countdown to Christmas with the Tatty Treat Tree! Every time we add a new decoration to the tree, you get a treat... 
Happy 1st of December 
In London this Friday? Then join ZEISS Ambassador Luke Woodford from 
Start planning your weekend now for 
On a day like today.. warm festive cocktails is what you need. Keep your eye out for our festivities starting from the 1st December! 
TOOTSMAS 1-3 DEC 
Feeling flamboyant? Explore our unconventional decorations for a tree that will turn heads this Christmas 
Pinch, punch, first of the month! Happy 1st of December, Trouva community
Happy 1st of December! 
NEW VID! Holiday Makeup Tutorial! TIS THE SEASON!!! 
new video tomorrow 
Tis the season
 today in 
We intend to celebrate December in style. With 
Just had a lil’ seasonal spruce-up. How do I look? 
We intend to celebrate Christmas and NYE in style. With 
Who’s coming to the Matlock Victorian Markets today? Princess Aurora will be there to switch the Christmas lights on!
Yess! You gotta love Christmas on Hope Street 
We just decorated our 
here’s to a beautiful tree lighting
We hope those stockings are filled with the 
Plymouth’s Waterfront is sprinkling a little extra magic this Christmas! 
We're almost ready to go at 
The countdown to the Church Street Christmas tree switch on this evening by the Lord Mayor 
Festive Christmas 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas here 
Christmas 
HAPPY DECEMBER! 
Yo Exeter! We're having a Tweet Up on Thursday, Christmas style. RSVP & share the love  
Merseyrail's Christmas late night trains are back for the festive period! Plan your journey here: 
VPS 
Another great 
Look who turned up this morning in Miss Metcalfe's class! Reception children have named him Elfie!
We would just like to say a very big THANK YOU to a few of our local businesses who supported our Christmas 
Let’s do this people! 
"A new arrival... just in time for Christmas." 
Having handed over his Doctor Who duties, 
Join us for a festive day at 

It's cold & dark..... 
No, we don't mean Winter, we mean our Christmas Mocha Porter - Festive Star 
 There was a real sense of community in Shrub End tonight as our neighbours over in Glisson Square switched on their annual Christmas lights display. Terrific to have support from 
Two thumbs up for a beautiful 
Hard not to smile when you're listening to The Beach Boys sing Christmas tunes! 
Hooyah! Great to have the 
9 great ways to keep running strong through the holidays 
Welcome to the team to our new mascot! Head to our Facebook on Monday to help name her! She loved helping turn on the Melksham Christmas lights 
HAPPY DECEMBER EVERYBODY!!! 
 is almost here and 
Well done people of 
Join us Friday at 5:30 for our Christingle service. Food will also be provided. So come along and enjoy yourselves and help raise some money for the Children's Society and get that festive feeling 
In the morning, I'm making waffles! (which are vegan & gluten free - yay!)

Happy 1st December yogis! Get ready for the Christmas countdown! 
Merry Xmas ... it’s a time of good will 
Help us raise funds for 
We love this cute Christmas Card idea! 
Christmas is here in the Academy 
Our Cyber Monday sale starts NOW! 30% off site wide! And don’t forget, Naughty and Nice Palettes and the Wet Set restock tomorrow at 9am pst! 
Black Friday sale starts TONIGHT at 9pm pst! 40% off all lip products and 30% off palettes (all Kyshadow palettes, Koko Face Palette and Skinny Dip Face Duo) 
All Christmas merch has been shipped! If there's demand for more of the grinch shirts and BSS jumpers let me know and we'll think about releasing more 
Check out the many ways you can support us this Christmas 
Christmas has officially arrived at the children's hospital! Massive thanks to 
Thank you so much 
Potential good news for all and early Christmas
Its showtime for Owen! 
 postie Sam Weight will ditch her delivery bag Thursday night to switch on the town's 
Year 11 Charity Appeal for Friends of Essex and London Homeless is gradually building momentum! 
Make your centre piece a masterpiece 
A great Christmas prize 
It's Day 1 of our Advent 
NEW BLOG POST: COUNTING DOWN TIL 
We love these beautiful curls 
First day of 
 has popped up at 
It’s that time of the year again...


The season is almost upon us! 


Saturday 6pm!

Starting to think about Christmas shopping?  Thinking 
The Christmas tree is up!
The Festive Boys Have Arrived 
Merry Oxmas!! 
December is here
Join us this Sunday for our annual holiday concert, Sounds of the Season! Over 300 UF performers will be playing your favorites all night. 
Woo hoo! It's officially Christmas time. I buy some of this every year. 
feeling real festive 
Welcome December 
Get a jump start on Christmas shopping! The annual 
Today’s adventure... finding the perfect Christmas tree 
Details: 
tree making for 
me after pressing play on the first Christmas song of the season 
Strong, courageous, inspiring - our line of duty families continue to amaze me. We can never repay them for their sacrifice, but we promise to always honor them and their loved ones. Thank you to the 
The start of one of the wildest months of the year 
You’re bringing the cheer to the party this year. 
1st December, it’s that time of year again! Have you spotted our tree out at 91 Brick Lane? 
A beautiful end to a beautiful day. 
We’ve got quite a day lined up at Citizens Bank Park! 
This is it
Tomorrow is sure to be a hit
The tree will be lit
Next to the statue of Schmidt


LLM 
And it’s up! 
A huge thank you to 
Thank you to all my American and Canadian friends, and to my family — the Campbells. Tonight was truly magical. Merry Christmas! 
Tis' the season of giving 
Don't miss our award-winning parade this Friday featuring lighted floats, marching bands, giant balloons and of course Santa Claus! 
Here is a sneak peak of this year’s Festival of Trees at the Gatlinburg Convention Center. This will definitely get you in the holiday spirit. Event is free and starts tomorrow at 10am. 
A few skyline blues members after performing last night at the Graduate Hotel tree lighting! 
Chamber Music Concert starts at 7:00 in the Alessandro Recital Hall. There’s even a Christmas tune on this one!
Thanks for brewing up some fun at our place! 
Come join the fun and make an Ugly Xmas Sweater with us on December 12th from 7-9p! PRIZES. DRINK SPECIALS. $5 SWEATERS. 
Well, I guess I know what is getting added to my yearly Christmas playlist along with every Johnny Mathis record, Home Alone soundtrack and The Kinks "Father Christmas" -- this beauty 


Getting festive 
Getting in the spirit! 
TONIGHT: 
Don't forget we have 3 different shows for 
Embrace the season with Cirque Dreams Holidaze all weekend long at the Fox! We strongly encourage guests to arrive early, as there are several events happening in The 
The holidays sure look good on you, Woodward Avenue! 
The holidays are upon us! Get into the spirit with these exciting shows headed our way. 
Time to get your tacky on!
The giving tree is up at 
Happy Saturday! Get started on your Christmas list early! The Christmas paper is out, free gift wrapping all around! 

On the blog! 
Celebrate with double Shoe Perks points and $20 off $99.98+, online and in-store today! 
Year 1 were so excited to see the Christmas tree being erected 
Teamwork makes the dream work 
Have you visited our Enchanted Forest Grotto yet? You can book your tickets here 
Get your Christmas cards from us and help us keep saving lives!
Tickets have you got yours? Join 
Have a look at the lovely programmes coming up 
Fantastic evening raising awareness of 
Today I paid for two 
 Introducing a festive treat from ourselves! The 12 Nays of Devolution. We've been told NO, NO, and NO again from 
NIX NATION! Do you have plans on the 8th Dec?! If not come down to this fantastic event raising money for a worthy cause. We will be there to support our sponsor 
I’m on 
Christmas is a comin', there's no denying it. We're about to play the first seasonal song for the year on Virgin. 

What should it be? 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
Come and get royally funked-up with 
 Smugglers Records Xmas Shindig – Cocos Lovers 
The girls loved these thezhuzhupets - I think a MUST for 
It felt like Christmas to make a track with this crew
Father Christmas 
It’s December
It's December, which can mean only one thing. It's most certainly time for a FESTIVITY!

You can buy bottles and microcasks of our winter warmer from our Brewery Shop or online. 
Getting into the Christmas spirit, the count down begins! 
Tonight! Big Christmas Light Switch On in Ashton-in-Makerfield 
On the show tomorrow we've got our Christmas 
A2. Fun question! 
Winterville is coming 
Get into the Christmas spirit with us! We'll be 
The festive season is officially upon us and what better way to celebrate than at the panto 
It's beginning to look like Christmas x x 
Come home from walking the dog in Battersea park to find Mr has bought a 
Thrilled to be joining the very lovely 
 has landed here at 
Lots happening in Totty tomorrow, but if you want to be warm, inside, make your own festive wreath, let the kids do some crafty stuff, while you enjoy a warm, spicey seasonal drink and fruit pie, then we'll see you at 
This brings back Memories 
Not long now until our 
Wonderful day at 
Tomorrow: 
Dress back in stock 
We have all the glassware you need for Christmas!! 
A3 Head to our Christmas Shopping evening at the National Army Museum next Wednesday!
It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas at Whisper HQ! 
34 SLEEPS UNTIL CHRISTMAS!
Come on down and join in the fun! We will be singing at 1.25pm raising funds for 
Lashings of 
We've kicked off our stage in 
Very excited to be at the annual 
WIN all these 
Put some sugar and spice into your Christmas aesthetic 
Rhys Ifans brings exuberant festive cheer in A Christmas Carol at the 
It’s the 1st December! 
Who's got that festive Friday feeling? 
Looking forward to this Fri 1st Dec, 9am - our LRN Christmas Breakfast at 
Let's celebrate all the fantastic local businesses who make 
If you can support our Christmas Tree Appeal, please look at the attached poster to see how. Thank you 
Special festive event in store at 
NEW POST! Diaries at the Ready: Indie Christmas Shopping Events in Glasgow
Next week Big Band favourite Guy Barker will be joined by 
Really looking forward to this on 7 Dec 
Ipswich East SNT support 
WE. CAN'T. WAIT. to wake up tomorrow and see busy markets outside of our window! 
Drop that Argos catalogue and have a lead through our Christmas E-brochure. Let's make this Christmas Day memorable
Christmas party plans yet? Our award winning function floor is perfect for the festivities! 
Christmas is coming, but it isn't all presents! Put down the Argos catalogue and pick up our Christmas e-brochure 
Spend Xmas Day in blissful British rusticity and book to spend your day with us! Our e-brochure has the info
Our Hypermarket is back for a special 
We’ve still got some dates free in December for our Magnum Room.
Seating up to 11 guests to enjoy our festive menu! 
Thinking of Christmas ideas 
On sale from Friday!
Fancy seeing 
I’m so glad you like them! I’d better share that recipe... 
Woooooooo!!!! It's December!!! The countdown is on!!! 
Have a festive and fun filled weekend with Etsy Made Local. Full event info here: 
Love Christmas shopping almost as much as the big day with Etsy Made Local. Full info: 
And I'm 70 years old! Actually, keep that bit quiet. 
Christmas tree cakes and swimming in this weeks ASC's. 
We've got some lovely activities to look forward to in the run up to Christmas! 
After pressure from 
Thank-you 
See you later 
 We hope to see as many of our friends, followers and customers as possible this December! Enjoy the festive season! 
Christmas Carols with Mumma 
Mulled wine & mince pies tonight 
We are looking forward celebrating Christmas with the fantastic 
Want to have a living advent calendar in your town? 
So the Coca-Cola advert is officially on the TV. Does this mean it's Christmas? 
Don't forget we are open on Sunday for all your Christmas Bookish needs! 11am-4pm 
Oh my goodness just look at all the 
Had fun at my school christmas fair today
At hospital and the christmas tree is up yay its christmaaaassss 
Are you putting your tree up this weekend or just relaxing? 
Don't forget this date for our Christmas Charity Bike Ride rising money for 
Beginning to look very festive here at the Custard Factory 
We’re ready for you lot. Merry Christmas everybody 
Selfie Saturday. I'm very much looking forward to spending Christmas with my Blue Cross family this year. Happy Christmas everyone! 
As Christmas is just around the corner... we're open until 4pm on Xmas eve. Re-opening on Wednesday 28 Dec. We wish you a Merry Christmas 

We went down to the German Christmas Market with Reema 

In on an early today as Court this afternoon. First stop in 
Sum up of 
I'm bad at self-promotion, but FYI: Everything in my 
Wimborne and Ferndown NPT patrolling the East Street Party in Wimborne, whilst getting into the festive spirit! 
Have some 'wizarding' fun this season with 
1st December = 
December What's On in the Cairngorms out now. 
Plan your festivities and where to catch Santa! 
 'Bulbuls' 
Festive wishes 
Have you downloaded the free advent calendar yet???

 Just over 2 wks to our Christmas Special at 
Just Announced! | 
Ultimate Guide to the Best Holiday Pop-Up Bars in NYC this festive season! Trust us, you need to visit them 
Gift Card Battle Rd. 4
Gift Card Battle Rd. 3
Gift Card Battle Rd. 2
Gift Card Battle Rd. 1
There's nothing the Sigstr team loves more than holiday spirit. Did your team break out the decorations today? Tweet us your pictures! 
It’s beginning to look a lot like the holiday season around here. 
Celebrate the holiday season at 
Notable Children’s Books of 2017 
Heading downtown for Night of Lights this evening? 
Seven swans a swimming! (ok 8) 
Downtown Raleigh....lit! 

The 
Happy Saturday! Are you headed downtown to shop, eat, or attend the Christmas tree lighting tonight from 4-8 @ city plaza? 
We only have a handful of seats left to Sunday's Mannheim Steamroller Christmas performance at The Classic Center Theatre! Grab yours today before it's too late. 
 COUNTING DOWN! 
It’s the 1st of December and you know what that means? 
It’s the start of our Advent Calendar, keep your eyes peeled every day at 12pm up until the 25th for discounts and treats!
It officially the start of Christmasssss 
Happy December 1st! 
All things red and green until Christmas. 
Our halls have been decked and The Jones is now your official holiday destination! 
Diet starts tomorrow right? Dinner and dessert tonight to end your holiday weekend. Closed as regular tomorrow, but book your reservations for Tuesday to come in and see how 
Get in the Christmas spirit at 
 Video: Previewing A Dog Day in December, the SandRidge Santa Run and more 
Don’t miss Holidays with 
Tune in today at 2pm for an in-studio performance from 
It's December 
Cheers from 
MERRY 
Happy first of December! 
Make a wreath … 
New macaroons for the afternoon tea menu, speculoos and spiced orange 
An excellent turn out for the 
Miller staff getting excited about Christmas! 
We have teamed up our Cubbies and 
Pick up your half price Ravensbuger Jigsaws ...perfect stocking fillers. 
Great selection of 
It's Day 1 of our 
Now it’s finally December it is time to get the decorations out! Find out how we decorate our Christmas tree 
It's CHRRRIIISSTTTMMMMASSSSSSS! 
Our club Christmas 
Make sure you watch the 
It’s almost December! Whether you prefer densely packed or stylishly sparse, frosted tips or LED lights, make sure you set the scene this season with one of our 
 CHRISTMAS OPENING TIMES 
Here's our xmas menu - call or email to book 
"It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas..." 
Get your holiday shopping done early with free USA shipping on ALL Gibson gear & accessories with promo code 'MONDAYMONDAY' 
Maybe something you’d be interested in covering 
Not long now until FESTIVE WONDERLAND in All Saints' Square!
A huge THANK YOU to everyone who came to support our wonderful town tonight at the Lights Switch-on, All Saints Square was packed!! 
At last we are officially allowed to get excited about Christmas! 
For the FIRST car of Christmas, The Auto Agency offered me - a 
 Throughout 
1st 
Is it too early for Christmas music? 
It's 5 weeks until Christmas! 
HAIRY BIKER, DAVE MYERS, TO SWITCH ON THE REIGATE CHRISTMAS LIGHTS! 
Tis the 
The award-winning story that has warmed the hearts of millions since 1965 is coming to 
Everyone loves beer for 
Every year I look at the IMDB rating of ‘Christmas With The Kranks’, and every year my heart falls quicker than Santa in a chimney 
‘Tis the season to be jolly! We‘re ready for Deck the Halls round two
Deck the Halls weekend is here 
 Day for the GRAD Goldsmith-Schiffman Owls today!! Our family is the best! 
25 days until Christmas! 
Find the most spectacular holiday lights to gaze at across New York State this winter. 
Cheer for the sounds of the season
 = bizarre, crazy, eccentric, far-out, funny, kinky, peculiar, queer, odd, remarkable, strange, way-out, weird, wild 

Welcome to our 
Reconciliation means taking action & healing wounds. Support this dedicated mother in her efforts to bring her children home.

There is no good reason this gofundme can’t be done by Christmas 
My favorite time of year... 
 Hey guys, I’m dropping into London on 9th December at a secret location and am running a… 
So we made a Christmas Single! Money donated goes to homeless charities, people who’ll have nowhere to call home this Christmas. I’m counting on my book friends to RT so that we can share this as far and wide as possible. Thanks. Let’s all make a difference this Christmas 
Happy advent everyone. Now, according to ancient rules laid down by my mum, you can eat mince pies and listen to Christmas songs. 
Christmas is coming! We take a look at 14 children's books perfect for the festive season 
 Day 2 is over on my Instagram account - follow and comment on my latest post there before the end of today to win a copy of 
The first winner of 
Have you discovered our Christmas storybook? Full of wonderful tales of gifts that have spanned the years, enter your own story for the chance to win £250 
 comes and goes, but the magical memories stay with us forever. Here, Paul and Jenna share their story of Paul’s recreation of the 12 days of Christmas for their first wedding anniversary. Enter your own story for the chance to win £250: 
 Let's get crafty this Christmas 
The countdown to Christmas is well and truly underway! Where in the world are you jetting off to this December? 
The exclusive design of 
Here is today’s advent 
Very excited to be part of this calendar too! 
All I want for Xmas is an open to close 
Literally feel like I have done nothing but work this weekend, feeling a little out of my depth with everything that happens at Christmas 
It was fantastic having Vin's Vintage at our Flea Market on Sunday. Lots of fab old-style Christmas decs made us come over all festive! Roll on December 25th! 
Santa’s visiting the Holiday Hop Pop Up Shop at 873 N High St during Holiday Hop until 9pm 
Holiday ornaments and gifts galore at pm gallery @pmgallerygal for Holiday Hop 
Stop by our Holiday Hop Pop Up Shop at 873 N High St! While you’re there, grab the 
 Tickets are ON SALE NOW for the 
To round off the first week of Christmas stories 
Day 3 of Christmas Stories 
It's the first day of Christmas Stories 
We're about to unwrap Christmas Stories & Activities 2017...
Did you spot our Toy Soldiers this weekend? Share your snaps with 
The girls are on their way to sing some Christmas carols at the Quarter Lounge tonight! 
 It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in Penrith! We have our Will tree and property tree displayed in our windows to represent some of the areas we specialise in Penrith 
The countdown begins, it's finally December!
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas.. 
We hope you can make our Christmas Fair. 
Helping each other today during arts and crafts 
We have been busy making Christmas cards for the Christmas Fayre on Friday the 8th of December 
Our interiors team worked hard over the weekend to deliver Christmas to Sky Central. What a fantastic place looking great with all the festive decorations! 
Christmas preparations well under way. Great work by Graham, Kevin & Jess. It’s not too late to order from 

Day 2
Our free weekly 
Our mischievous elves are working hard at The Yard today 
Can you spot the difference..?
Early 10km exploring the main Christmas lights around London 
Cold, damp weather and feeling the affect of one too many gin cocktails last night - but Friday night miles logged to kick start my 
Its beginning to look a lot like 
Sending tonnes of Christmas cheer and happiness back to you all 
Brilliant idea ! do we get chocolate too :-) 
Huge thanks to Combe Garden Centre. What better way to support our 
Decorating the Sixth Form Centre 
Off to experience the magic of 
Thank-you! Hope you had a lovely time 
Found it !! : The perfect gift solution for the 
Here's a great Christmas present idea! 
Making moments like this cosy & hygge at Christmas 
The final arrangements are now being made. We look forward to seeing you all on Saturday!
Smelling just like 
Calling all small businesses on 
Here's another one of our pre-designed 
Why not have your own animated 
The @artothecary have a 50% off sale on!! Now is the time to stock up on materials for a handmade Christmas!!

Merry Christmas 
1st December- that means Christmas 
Not long now.... So excited 
So excited to be showing the work of 
Make it a December to remember. Book your winter escape or your flights home for Christmas with 
Team training, it's the first day of our 
Christmas has arrived a tad early at C12! Feeling of so festive 
 Eat your Christmas Tree 
 Christmas Menu 
Have a blessed Christmas 
Closing date for our Junior Christmas decoration competition is Saturday 25th Nov :) here are some of the fabulous entries received so far! 
Having a team talk before starting Christmas tree madness for the day!! 
It's Christmas.... 
WELLS CHRISTMAS TIDE FESTIVAL ~ We can't wait for todays festivities! Come see us for Chef Eric Snaith of 
Six of the best hampers in the new 
What's new in food and drink? 
Want to know what's on in December & January on the food & drink front? The new 
Oh Christmas tree!
Countdown until lights on at the 
Santa will be at the track this weekend! 
Join us for the 9th Annual Charity Track and Toy Drive this weekend! 
Race on over to 
Awesome. Looking forward to the 
Our sales staff rocks! That's why we have 
SMELL TO CHRISTMAS 
Can’t believe Christmas 
Christmas is in the air 
Best time of the year at 
Christmas At The Cove is finally here! Set up is well underway, and we are so thankful for our awesome volunteers who are making it all happen across our campuses! 
Elf on a shelf 
Christmas in Vittoria is now!! Lots of great gift ideas and unique stocking stuffers here. Great specials too! Gift baskets and cider to compliment any holiday meal!! 
Join us tomorrow for Algonquin’s 6th annual Tree Lighting Celebration! The event will begin at 4:00 p.m. in Student Commons. Brought to you in partnership with 
We are sending $100 to everyone who retweets this! 

Comment your PayPal

Happy Early Christmas 
20 days of Top Country Christmas Giveaways begins today! 
Our first week of Christmas Double features starts tonight! 
The official Have A Divine Christmas t-shirts have arrived and are ready for immediate shipping! VERY LIMITED STOCK! Orders begin shipping tomorrow. Free U.S. shipping!

Take home the world's most powerful console with Forza 7, a second controller, and a 2 month Now TV pass for just £46 per month with GAME Finance.

Play now, pay later this Christmas  
You can put a price on consoles...
1TB Xbox One S – only £299.99  
500GB Xbox One S – only £229.99  
12M Xbox Live Subscription – 20% off 
But you can't put a price on a Christmas spent curled up on the sofa playing videogames 
Good morning peeps, may you get to wear your ugliest Christmas sweater today! 
Fantastic first night for 
It’s almost that time of year on 
Happy December!
We will be bringing our festive accessories to the Black Horse Christmas Market this Friday evening 
Boycott online Christmas shopping this year and 
Here are some of our board members creating props for the Wake Forest Christmas Parade. It's this Saturday, 1 pm.
Starting to look a lot like Christmas 
 Art UK 
Hey peeps ... The new "Bram The Human Nightmare Before Christmas" Tee is available now!!! Shipping will be a week or two so get your orders in early incase your overseas etc ... Available at 
 It's that time again 
Our mega 
Sharing the Christmas festivities
It's so nearly there! 
Support our free Santa’s Grotto by giving a little to our fund 
Tomorrow I'll be at The Earl Haig Hall Crouch End N8 9TH, 
Local 
Lots of 
There's free parking in council car parks and town centre pay-by-phone bays this Saturday for Small 
The Night that Autumn Turned to Winter begins Thu 14 Dec & runs until 
There's still time to book tickets for our wonderful 
Science stands still for nobody, and neither does Nature. Except this one time
All booked & ready for the 
Kicking off the festive 
Tonight in 
It’s that time of the year again – Christmas! Our Christmas tree has been set up and, we are inviting you to donate Christmas presents for local children in need as part of the Christmas Tree Project. Drop by our East Village Welcome Office.
 is rocking tonight. 
We had a great time at 
I ended up buying my own tree last night from the Dorwood Optimist Club — a Charlie Brown Christmas tree! 
Don’t miss out on our festive round-up of the best outfits and things to do this season – excitement ensured 
 - Thursday 30th November 
Teddington lights up on 30th Nov 
Due to very high demand we have our most popular, reindeer shirt back in stock now 
Now that's what I call a Christmas gift guide! The very best of 
 Have fun with us this Christmas and create your very own Wonderbauble. Give it a try! 
 Lovely 
Looking good boys! 
We have FREE hot chocolate every weekend in December to keep you cosy while you choose your 
TONIGHT!!! From 4 pm today, our stores are hosting a festive 15% OFF everything shopping event. Everything, including our real trees 
Christmas Beer Festival 
Yellow Arch Christmas Beer Festival.
 23 DAYS TO GO 
Our winter issue is packed with gift ideas galore from local shops including stocking fillers for younger members of the family from 
It's December! Our fantastic range of Christmas cards, fun stocking-fillers and unique gifts are available so you can start sending them out! 
Introducing our Christmas issue!
Grab your friends and plan the perfect winter escape in The Lodge this Christmas! 
Solihull Christmas Market 
waking up on December 1st 
It’s time to make plans for Friday & Saturday and visit the historic lights switch on, Town sq opening and Market in Mill Hill NW7. Enjoy the music, food and drinks plus choirs & bands
Wishing my amazing girl a fantastic opening of 
 we are going to 
1st December 
 Spreading the Crouch End Christmas Spirit 
Bring your kids to decorate our Christmas tree 
 will be here before you know it; come and get your 
Happy December 1st - before thinking about wrapping presents or getting your Grandmother's best Turkey recipe, you need to choose a Christmas Tree. 3 to 7ft Trees are available to buy from 
From Brownie Christmas Tree at 
We are welcoming back 
*Plays Mariah’s Christmas hits* Off out dancing tonight? Perhaps some shopping (of the Christmas variety) tomorrow? Here’s what you need to know. 

Christmas trees as you've never seen them before! 
Ho Ho Ho 
Help to get 
 Get on Santa’s good list and support our Santa Cycle Dash.  Have a look on our JustGiving page to see what we are fundraising for.
Why not join us with your loved ones over the Christmas holidays for our seasonal menu? Enjoy the cosy surroundings whilst we take care of the rest... 
Don't forget! Tomorrow is our Christmas quiz starting from 5:30pm and open until late, featuring festive rounds, nibbles and drinks! 
The Christmas countdown has begun! Thank you to 
We are getting all Christmassy in Banner’s 
Next door is getting festive and so are we 
Banner’s is getting Christmassy 
***Banner’s Christmas Menu*** with a Christmassy table and in true Banner’s stylee we’d love to host your festive get togethers. Whether friends, family or work colleagues 
Join us tomorrow 
We wish all Christmas trees were made from cake!
Christmas ready! Can't wait to welcome you to Paris House for Christmas celebrations this year! Call 01525 290692 to book your table. 
Christmas ghost story at this lovely local theatre 
Please get involved in this amazing appeal at the 
An amazing opportunity to win a 3 night stay at 
 singing on stage 
Make it Magical this Christmas with 
 We've officially switched on Christmas this morning, so make sure you visit the Wishing Tree in the 
We are proud to be teaming up with 
All three performances of The Magic Hatter's Christmas Cracker at 
First signs of Christmas arriving in Knightsbridge! 
Due to popular demand.
The Porthminster Beach Cafe Cook Book is  now available in a limited edition, cloth bound hardback. 
A perfect gift for Christmas available now online 
Plans for the weekend? Why not visit St Albans Xmas Market to get you feeling 
 makes the top 5 things to do in Herts this weekend, according to 
The Christmas Market is jam-packed and buzzing on its first day! 
There’s a certain little thing happening soon ( 
There's still plenty of time to buy direct from the makers.


 On Thursday 7th December we are holding a Christmas Wreath Class & Lunch


Wine by the case and gift sets coming soon online ... all packages sent in secure air bags for protection 
Book now for our Christmas 
Tis The Season 
We say it's definitely ok to get Christmassy! 
Christmas has arrived in the 
I was back in my trainers tonight for the first time this week,so a steady 6 miles up and down my local hill the Kymin,
From around the 16th when I can be arsed to get the decs down from the loft 
Christmas love!
I know we've made it tricky this year with 4 lovely advent card designs to choose from but you're running out of time! They need to be posted before the end of November ready for December 1st.
Seven weeks to go until the big day...
 Looking for a 
 Have Christmas Lunch with 
Bought a 10ft Christmas tree 
Got the Christmas feeling!!!


Just 7 days to go until the Legends Christmas Lunch, sponsored by the 


The Legends Christmas Lunch is almost here..

Very limited places are still available for the event, which is sponsored by 
This Sunday, 
If you are visiting 
‘Set to delight thousands in the festive period’ 
I haven’t been to a panto for as long as I can remember but 
Helicopter Museum Advent Calendar 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas at The Old Bell Hotel 
Online store is open for 3 more days, shop now for 
Get our free 2018 Calendar when you buy the December issue
Our December issue is out now 
The WLV Christmas tree is up!
Don’t forget to get your tickets to our carol service in Cambridge this Thursday 
Get your tickets to our annual carol concert on 7 December in 
Got your tickets to our carol service yet? Head on over to 
Hope you enjoyed Lesley's arts and crafts. Keep an eye out for next weeks session with a Christmas twist. 
On the first day of 
 Christmas menu 
Could you support the Brain & Spine Foundation this 
Give back this holiday season with the Cowboy Angel Tree to help a local child! 
Christmas decs poised, festive jumpers lined up and a playlist full of jingle bells standing by. December, we're ready!

Help us fill tomorrow's playlist and tell us your all-time favourite Christmas songs. Go on, throw in some guilty pleasures too! 
This makes my Christmas. 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas... 
3 words: Massaman Turkey Curry 
Yay !! We’re spreading some Christmas magic today 
Our advent calendar starts today! 
Happy 1st of December from all at Dyke Yaxley - we hope your month is as Christmassey as our offices are this morning :) 
Tag a loved one that works extra hard to bring the holidays to life. 
There's just one week to go until Festive Friday 2018! Are you signed up yet? (Grinches need not apply!) 
The best way to spread Christmas cheer is making kids smile from ear to ear. 
Check out our guys visiting with kids at the St. Mary’s children’s Christmas Party this morning! 
Get in the festive mood with our new special.... 
A few drinks at the Christmas party last night?
We couldn’t get more CLUSEmasy 
Dec 1st and we're in the Christmas mood 
Have you booked your Christmas party yet?
Check out Kitgums amazing Christmas menu below and book through the website 
Have a look at our tasty Kitgum Kitchen Christmas menu and book online for the party season 
TONITE: Leisure Kings at 
Don’t forget Kew Sparkle tomorrow night. The official start of Christmas in Kew. 
How many Christmas Events can one 
A9: Doing our annual pre-Christmas getaway this year in 
5 days to go ladies! Just 10 tickets left for our Festive Mama’s Morning 
We're getting in the holiday spirit at the USA Triathlon National Office! 
So fun having the inlaws in town 
R&B/Soul Singer 
Chilly days, fuzzy couches and long naps mean it's finally the holiday season! 
Tis the season! 
 BIGGA NW Christmas Quiz - Monday 4th December, Bolton Old Links GC. 
6pm for food £5
7pm for quiz

Good Food is Good Mood.
Second night of our Member’s Christmas Party 
Eat, Drink & Be Happy.
Second night of our Member’s Christmas Party 
Merry Christmas & Happy New Year from LGC! 
Monday Funday 
Have yourself a Merry Minimal Christmas this year
I can't get over how beautiful 
What a fantastic way to kick off the festive season with 
This tree has felt your presents
On the 1st day of Trymas, the Try Guys gave to me...
Tonight on 
TONIGHT! Light up the holiday season with us. Don’t miss the 
Get in the Christmas spirit with us! Listen to 
The Tree of Life makes the perfect stage for 
Black Friday sale starts TONIGHT at 9pm pst! 40% off all lip products and 30% off palettes (all Kyshadow palettes, Koko Face Palette and Skinny Dip Face Duo) 
NEW VID! Holiday Makeup Tutorial! TIS THE SEASON!!! 
new video tomorrow 
Our Cyber Monday sale starts NOW! 30% off site wide! And don’t forget, Naughty and Nice Palettes and the Wet Set restock tomorrow at 9am pst! 
Scenes from today’s 14th-annual 
The National Christmas Tree Lighting is tomorrow and that means road closures around Foggy Bottom. See Campus Advisories and plan ahead if you have to commute: 
it’s the most wonderful time of the year 
Stuff your stocking with wine aerators, mismatched earrings, spicy honey, and more—all for under $20 
SHOP THIS HOLIDAY WITH ME! 
Deals to deck the halls! Save $25 when you spend $75 on holiday decor, trees, lights & more. Restrictions apply. 
Did someone say $1 socks? 
You'll have a holly, jolly Christmas party at the 
opnorthpole is officially open!! 
Santa is busy resting up before heading to opnorthpole this Saturday! 
We have plenty more festive events coming up to celebrate 
HEY! I'M ALIVE!
tomorrow is day one of VLOGMAS 
What?! Christmas is almost here
Thank you, 
December 1st! Definitely getting closer..... 
These Christmas stories will bring the holiday spirit to you! 
Feeling 
1 dozen, 3 dozen or 6 dozen - no matter what you choose, you can save up to 39%! Perfect time to stock up for the holidays (or for yourself, we won't judge) 
Check out this amazing 
 One of my FAVORITE holiday cookies: soft and chewy ginger molasses cookies. They’re so incredibly soft and have the perfect chew! Make one batch (it makes FOUR dozen) and you’ll be set for the holidays! Gift them or keep them for yourself. Either … 
New Post! > Get into the holiday spirit with this festive Ginger Pomegranate Paloma! 
Yay! 
 & my new Holiday EP "A Classic Christmas" is out TODAY!! Yay! 
 and I will be playing a special 'Home for the Holidays' Show @ 
Watch the premiere of 
New Holiday EP 
 & my song, "First Thing On My Christmas List" will be featured in "Second Chance Christmas" on 
 is officially out in the U.S. today! Watch 
Please read what 
Yes.... we are going there! 
Some great festive events 
 Hi guys is it cold in Birr ?its very cold in Dublin 
Happy December!! Spend this month with us at 
Spreading holiday cheer! 
This holiday season, donate a toy to a child in need! Visit our Wish Trees on the 1st (Info Desk) and 3rd Floors (ASUN office) for more information. 
'Tis the season 
It's the season for giving! Our annual Giving Tree enables Stamford employees to grant holiday wishes to children of families served by 
Golf lesson vouchers available for Christmas. Pop in to the Pro Shop at Stockport GC or call 0161 427 2421 to discuss the different programmes available! 
Christmas tree lights switch on last night 
The Downtown St. John's Christmas Parade Is A Go! 
*Plays Mariah’s Christmas hits* Off out dancing tonight? Perhaps some shopping (of the Christmas variety) tomorrow? Here’s what you need to know. 

  Thanks to everyone in Meadow Well, North Shields, for putting up with my Scottishness.  Managed not to electrocute myself!!  
JUST OVER AN HOUR TO GO 
Join me & my team 
Join our the first ever digital caroling experience with 
Hey peeps ... The new "Bram The Human Nightmare Before Christmas" Tee is available now!!! Shipping will be a week or two so get your orders in early incase your overseas etc ... Available at 
Sad Everly Brothers songs for your Christmas 
On the third day of 
REALITY REHAB  COUNTDOWN TO CHRISTMAS 
‘Ike for the Holidays’ is one of the “select shows” mentioned below. Today only: Get $5 off a ticket - and make this Cyber Monday one to remember. 
Loving the new Holiday bonnet from beforebedheadz 
Just pouring ourselves some lunch 
Merry Knicks Christmas 
It’s looking a lot like Christmas in the Benitez-DiDario household!
Show your support for your fellow students and raise lots of money for 
Okay I think 
OUR CHRISTMAS FAIR HAS ARRIVED 
Our 2017 cast of Oliver took part in the Christmas Parade 
Fill your stockings right up! 
 Love it or hate it: Christmas is coming! 
11/10. You win Christmas. 
We've received our calendar, thank you very much.  We will be randoming selecting a lucky Y11 pupil each day to come and open a window. Seasons Greetings everyone. 
Accrington’s Christmas Countdown officially begins with the Fireworks Show - Merry Christmas everyone!
Christmas 
Can't wait to have 
With just 10 days to go, meet Princess Apricot! 
We can't wait for Thursday! Our first Christmas event of the year!! 
Great to see our station buzzing with a lot of festive visitors, our 
Just ordered my copy. You should order yours! 
Ho! Ho! Ho-ld on, Trotter...tell me you aren't flogging hooky goods at my Festive Evening! Today: Christmas chuckles with 
Our Christmas Coffee Morning is under way! Everyone is welcome, come & join us! 
Everyone welcome .
Thank you to 
WATCH: Hook (
Join us live at 5pm at 
Imagine a city made for Christmas...
What a lovely afternoon at Thornton Cricket Club, doing Festive Shoots 
Count down on!!!!
We’re at the 
 Seen our advent calendar on Instagram Stories yet? 

Make sure you check it out each day for stats, videos, photos and the chance to win a few money can’t buy prizes! 
Thanks to everyone who came along to today's 
Of course, a Christmas 
The trees have arrived! And are for sale now at between £20-£35. All proceeds help support the farms services. 
 FAST5 ADVENT CALENDER 
FAST5 ADVENT CALENDAR 
With so many thanks to (deep breath): 
Our home for the holidays 
They're making an A-list, they're checking it twice. Find out who's been naughty or nice in A Very Kardashian Holiday tomorrow at 9pm 
We're counting down the days until Christmas 
Person 1: "When you say arty, what do you mean?"
Person 2: "Y'know, bauble and a bit of bush"

Don't miss the hilarious Comedy Club 4 Kids: Christmas Cracker, full of festive fun! Sat 2 Dec, ages 6+ 
Limited-edition Holiday gift sets launch tonight at 8PM PST with our 
December is finally upon us, which means... it's time to get festive! 
We're looking for a musical 
DAY 3 of our Digital Advent Calendar today's prize is a Paletta of your choice from the menu + a soft drink from 
DAY 2 of our Digital Advent calendar & today you could win a Crepe in a jar + a sugar Crepe courtesy of 
An excellent turn out for the 
Ugly sweater all-stars 
 CHRISTMAS SOCIAL 
We're getting in the Christmas spirit at 
Great news for Cali! 
To Do List:

1. Worry about tax-bill from hell that makes national debt soar;
2. Be pissed about growing list of sexual harassers in gvt  & secret hush-fund from hell paid by taxpayers.
3. Focus on Flynn & Russia, Russia, Russia;
4. Do stuff to get ready for Xmas
Our yearly festive tradition, the 
 ... it’s countdown only #2 more classes before 
Driving home down the 
The Christmas countdown has begun! 
  Let the countdown begin 
Mirrorbaubles more like. Expect plenty of Christmas bangers and warming house, R&B and dancefloor classics from 11-2am tonight. FREE entry Christmas 
Our Christmas Season is GO 
Getting festive 
Getting in the spirit! 
It's almost that time of the year
Here's a sneak preview of the 2018 NPAS Calendar! Be in with the chance of winning one by answering our daily question from 1-12 December (inc.)* First question will go live at 8am tomorrow, don't miss out! *T&Cs apply: 
WIN* a 2018 NPAS Calendar - How many laser attacks were NPAS subjected to in 2016? To enter reply by 10am, correct/closest guess wins. Winner announced later today *T&Cs apply: 
 Spread the love today! 
 Let's open the 2nd door! 
 Happy Holiday Season 
 We're getting into the spirit of giving this holiday season with a TON of giveaways in the month of December!

Get excited for The Twelve Days of 
Morning everyone, hope you're having a great weekend so far! 
Potential Fortnite: Battle Royale Christmas update #2 - Presents as chests, Loot Lake is frozen and... Snowmen instead of bushes! (Video: 
Potential Fortnite: Battle Royale Christmas update #1 - Candy Cane as a pickaxe, Santa's Sleigh as the Bus and... Christmas trees! (Video: 
Big thanks to the lovely 
 is just around the corner! 
Show some support to 
We are Sending $100 PayPal to everyone who retweets this!

Happy Early Christmas 
We're back with 
Santa Claus and Tony rocking around the Christmas Tree 
With Christmas 
Cold snap? No problem. Come and get ya gaming Christmas 
This action packed show will thrill the entire family! 
Surprise your loved ones with tickets to share in the magic of the season!  
Went to 
We've put together a list of all the festive fun you can have across 
The countdown begins! Two weeks until we kick off the festive season for our Christmas supper clubs. Join us on 7, 8, 21, 22nd December 
Raise money for Brighton Fringe this 
Join us for a festive celebration marking the centenary of 
'Tis the season......
Keep your eyes peeled from tomorrow onward for 
Come along tomorrow at 4pm to hear the Musical Theatre Elective singing at the Stonehaven Christmas Lights event. You’ll find us under the tree! 
Christmas is only around the corner! Book your do 
A night to remember in the Garden Quarter of 
Ho ho ho! Our branches and agencies are selling these fantastic Christmas decorations for a suggested donation of £1 each.  All donations will go to our charity partner 
Our all 
Great day at the Westmorland Shopping Centre today doing Xmas light Crafts 
The load up has begun... 10 hours to go! Throughout the day we’ll be updating our Twitter stories with all the behind the scenes action leading up to the performance. Hope you’re all as excited as we are!
Gorgeous
Come join us today for the Kendal Xmas Light switch on 11-3pm 

Moments away from welcoming hundreds of people to our first Snowman showing this Christmas. Hohoho 
Come join us and make free Xmas Wreaths today at the Westmorland Shopping Centre 
Join us this Sunday 11-3pm for FREE finger printing craft. For Kendal Christmas light switch on 
Join us this Saturday for Xmas hand wreaths! What a great craft for the kids to decorate the house this winter. Free 11-3pm all welcome 
Mrs Holt’s class have been busy little elves making beautiful Christmas decorations for the Cathedral Christmas tree 
Don’t miss the festive fun this Friday 
Happy 1 December!
Not long left to wait until you get to see the 
Welcome to one of the best days in the Alsager Calendar......it's the big light switch on 
If you are putting your 
Can you offer to support our control room staff 
Is this on your kid's Christmas list?

If not, it should be! 
What are you most looking forward to at Christmas? 
Don't forget to check out our 
What a fab festive Christmas night!! I’ll be hanging up my heels for a while now (ouch!!) lovely to see so many gorgeous BYM ladies last night!! Huge thanks to 
Stuck for ideas for Christmas? Well look no further.....today we launch our brand new GIFT VOUCHERS! We have vouchers for consultation, treatment and massage! You can pick them up at the clinic or even call us on 01782 660744 and reserve yours over the phone! 
 | Christmas lights switch on at Royal Stoke University Hospital.


Dreaming of a VR Christmas: 
 12 Days of Christmas | Buy or claim your tickets to The Clash now, & you could be in with the chance of winning one of these fantastic prizes. Read more here 
Celebrate the festive season with London Irish 
Don't forget to head to the end of Bath Street to find more of our wonderful chalets 
It’s time to switch on the Christmas lights, light the fire, nestle down and join us for 
Day 3 of Demuths Advent Calendar - we're featuring a festive recipe every day leading up to Christmas. Today, mince pie Christmas trees! 
We know it's only just turned December but looks like Xmas 
Christmas is coming! 
 CHRISTMAS MARKET 
A sneak peek of our Christmas tree macaroons being built ready for a weekend of festive afternoon teas 
You can get 15% off your Bath Tour tickets with code "market15" for the duration of the 
COMING SOON : WANTED THIS WINTER 
Students making
Come and get in the Christmas spirit at the Festive Market on Founder's Square! Expect reindeers, food stalls, live entertainment and the Christmas tree switch-on at 5:30pm. 
Happy 1st of December!
Today marks the start of 
Fancy a £5,000 spending spree? Keep listening to find out how you can win a 
Cardiff you've been a Christmas treat 
Please keep donating to the 
Want to bring some 
We're sharing your LEGO 
 reveals the 
Some important festive information from 
It may be cold in Walford, but this will warm your heart...
Last minute availability! Christmas parties at the Botanical Gardens, now from just £36.00 per person 
It's CHRRRIIISSTTTMMMMASSSSSSS! 
Next week Big Band favourite Guy Barker will be joined by 
On Sunday 10th December I'll be joining Guy Barker and his incredible orchestra once again for 'Guy Barker's Big Band Christmas' at the Royal Albert Hall! 
It's time to open the first door in 
We took a trip around campus to see some of College Christmas trees. We'll be posting a photo each weekday to get you in the festive spirit! 
Under the stars on a frosty night and wishing all success in their stout efforts for release of 
Getting ready for my 
Volunteers! We're going to be doing some festive busking at the Christmas markets next weekend 
Join us tomorrow at 9:30 with 
Merry Christmas and a very happy New Year to all. 2016 has been a successful year for film in Birmingham, here's to an awesome 2017 
Can't wait for Christmas 
Now that the buzz of our Remembrance Market is retreating, thoughts turn to Christmas.  Our Christmas Market is 9th December, normal time from 9-2, with Fr Christmas and his sleigh, local choirs, oh yes and lovely producers too.
It's finally December and the countdown to 
Snap a selfie with our elfie to win* two free 
Very proud of our tree! 
First: Halloween. Next: CHRISTMAS! Head to FB to get a sneak preview of our new Festive Drinks range!
Larry the Cat is counting down to Christmas 
Happy 1st December 
NEW: Blogmas Day 2 | 50 Blogmas Post Ideas 
MAKE UP REVOLUTION '12 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS' UNBOXING!!! 
NEW: Blogmas Day 1 | November Favourites 
 This gingerbread man bunting will surely make you home feel festive! Hang above your fireplace with your Christmas stockings for the ultimate cosy Christmas vibes 
Hurry up morning!!! 
See you all this morning at the annual QAGOMA Store Christmas Markets 
The QAGOMA Christmas Gift Guide is here 
I forgot how stinking cozy Christmas trees make your house feel 
Blogmas Day 2 - A Christmas Tag 
Lovely 
For one night only!!! We’ve got mulled wine at Jamie’s Italian Westfield, come and get your hands around a warming wine and get into the spirit 
Blogmas day 2!! 
Must try one on our next visit 
"Happy 1st of December" Uh-oh, get the 
How sweet are these gift sets from 
So delighted to be part of the 
 When will you put your Christmas tree up?
Too early? 
We’re getting into the 
Perfect for a showstopping 
This Years Bendel’s Tree 
Who likes Giveaways? Follow us on all forms of social media! 
We’re counting down the 
The Lemon Twigs (
Thank you to everyone who came out to 
To celebrate the festive period, we'll be counting down the days 'til Christmas, and posting 24 of our favourite songs for the season
Looking for a special 
We’re ready for Christmas in the Craft Gallery with Twink Addison’s quirky cartoon cards & Angela Lindsley’s miniature prints - perfect! 
 WELLY CHRISTMAS 
 CHRISTMAS PANTO 
Happy 1st of December
Just one week to go until our annual Stoke Newington Town Hall Christmas Market - doors open at 10am on Saturday 9th December, FREE ENTRY and SANTA will be there too! 
EXCITMENT LEVEL 1 MILLION!! My 
“Celebrate Christmas like nobody else”
 Theresa May sat on her own next to a Xmas tree 
Looking for 
Why not buy a gift that keeps giving this Christmas? 
Table top sale Edgmond village hall this Saturday morning 9.30-12.30 free entry Lots of stalls turkey Baps mince pies bacon Baps tea cakes coffee join us for breakfast- lots of goodies to take home 
Absolutely LOVE this tree x
Commemorate the names of their loved ones with the 
 thought he would join in the countdown to Christmas 
 loved your reindeer cake this afternoon
Get Christmas sorted, visit 
The Kenilworth light switch on is in full swing! 
We are ready for the Touch FM’s Christmas Party 
Who else is looking forward to our 
Brilliant to be part of the 
Pixelated Header for 
Catch the last hour of the Holiday Open House TONIGHT at Carr's Hill 
The tree's gone up! 
I was back in my trainers tonight for the first time this week,so a steady 6 miles up and down my local hill the Kymin,
Christmas Soccer School places are starting to fill up
Join us for the Holiday Choral Spectacular tonight and Nov. 30. // Tickets: 
FIND OUT WHAT YOU GOT ON DAY 2 OF OUR CHRISTMAS 
FIND OUT WHAT YOU GOT ON DAY 1 OF OUR CHRISTMAS 
Our daughter at Christmas 2016. 
New Zealand is causing Santa a world of confusion.
The annual Tulloch Lodge Christmas at the Stables 
 Last chance to book your Christmas Party at Edgbaston Stadium! Over 7,000 covers already SOLD 
Day 1 of our 
We have limited availability for 
Our last issue of 2017 is out with the full 
Thank you to the Parent Council for organising a great Christmas Fair 
What a busy week P5 have had! We made our very own Kindness Calendar and we are looking forward to our Christmas Fayre tomorrow 
Need a venue in the 
Looking for the perfect office 
Tonight! Join us for drinks & dancing from 6pm, and show your support for this very worthy cause 
ICYMI: On the first day of 
On the second day of December, my true love sent to me....Claire and daughter Bree 
It’s December and Christmas 
Don't forget shops in St Helier are open till 9pm today for Christmas shopping 
Busy week ahead. Big meeting, loads of training & I'm going to start building my recording studio. After far too long away I'm going to start writing music again. Synthtastic. 
The end of 2017 has been action packed. Roll on the holidays. 
Keeping up the Christmas themed tweets! 
Doing your 
Look at all the FAB FESTIVE FUN you can have down @ the 
 now open until January 7th 
It really is! 
, enjoy 
I never hit 
It's December now. So you will have to deal with this name until 2018 OKKAYYY 
tree lighting time at 
Got old TMNT toys? Make mutated holiday garland! 
Santa came to visit Burlais tonight at the Christmas fete 
To win 4 tickets Choir Circle tickets to 
The countdown is on 
Have a great day superheroes and sidekicks 
Amazing job everyone!  
Nursery have been busy creating repeating patterns to make our own wrapping paper today! 
Happy 1st of December! Here's 
Great to visit the beautiful 
Just a very few £25 seats left for this glorious festive concert 
Oh and there's a World Premiere in tonight's 
There's a new Christmas carol by 
Jack Rabbits Ashbourne will be open this Saturday 25th November till 6pm for food and drinks. So if you’re in town for the Christmas Lights Switch On come down for a Christmas Cappuccino and festive fudge! 
Ooooh, looking forward to meetings here later on 
WATCH: Birebbugia Christmas display is set to break national records for the second year in a row 
11 types of photos everyone is taking with Valletta's gorgeous new Christmas light dome 
It’s the first of December! That means we get to open the first window on our 12 days of Christmas Advent Calendar. 
Christmas is coming to SEEL STREET
These make dead nice presents for
 Ready to go 
1st December
2 days till she arrives
X X X M A S  M E N U 
Join us during the Christmas period this year and feast on our Christmas Rodizio
A VICTORIAN CHRISTMAS! 
Happy 1st of December to you all! We are all getting into the swing of Christmas at MediaCom! Photographed here we have Lyndon Macarthur, one of many embracing the media festivities ! 
It’s the first of December and it snowed yesterday! Back this year our magical Christmas Market. Hot chocolate, mince pies and the smell of mulled wine drifting through the atrium. 
THIS WEEKEND! 
A date for your diary: 1pm, Wednesday 6th December 2017, the last 
 
black-on-black heartskull longsleeve

available starting TOMORROW at 9am EST & ending MONDAY at 11:59pm EST.


Classic Festive Friday 
Even more festive fun thanks to 
What are you putting under your BFF's tree? 
The countdown to 
Come get into the holiday spirit with 
Today is the last day to get discount tickets! Order now 
Pony Rides 
It’s the day before the Thanksgiving weekend and I’m the only one in the office so far. I’m also sitting in the dark... next to the glow of a Christmas tree that appeared overnight. 
Not too hot, not too cold. This weather is JUST RIGHT for you to come out and enjoy 
FRIDAY NIGHT: Join 
One of the best parts about coming back from break is seeing the tree in Red Hall! 
Our friends at the 
We're back in 
What time is it? Voting time! Go vote for An Old Time Christmas as the Best Theme Park Holiday Event now! 
Eat your way through An Old Time Christmas festival with this handy food guide 
Follow the link to get a behind the scenes look at what went into the making of Christmas In Midtown 
Looking for new holiday recipes to add to your table this Christmas season? Head over to the blog to learn about the holiday cooking classes we have on park 
What a bright time, it's the right time to rock the night away aboard Showboat Branson Belle 
Only five days of voting remain! Vote Silver Dollar City's An Old Time Christmas festival as your favorite theme park holiday event! 
Just a little over a week of voting remains! Vote every day to help us win The Best Theme Park Holiday Event! 
To do: Find unique Christmas gifts at the 
And... It's December! 
Chance to win £500 
With Christmas around the corner, 
Want to Win £500 b4 Xmas 
Christmas Show
Around the World in 80 Days 
Christmas Show -19th December
Live music,  art,
Gr8 fun singing
On the third day of Christmas... 

Why not twin your Christmas Tree with a YCF Project? The idea is simple. You decide what your £10 goes towards & we will send you a Bauble to match. For the full twin list & Christmas fact sheet, contact Claire.Cunningham@yorkshireccc.com
On the second day of Christmas… Start the festivities early with the YCF colouring comp. Text YCCF01 and £1 to 70070 and send your entries to Claire.Cunningham@yorkshireccc.com. Good Luck!
Well done people of 
What's more 
You know when you have these two bad ass beer pouring Christmas be coming 
Christmas Specials available for your satisfaction! Munch on Sprout Bhajis, Festive Curry & Coconut & Caramelised Almond Ice Cream
, or a Lego Star Wars advent calendar? Think we know who the real winner is. 
From tomorrow 
 My poorly girl felt a whole lot better after getting her letter from you 
KC! Make sure you get out 12/1&2 for 
Treat yourself to our tasty Christmas baked goods available throughout December in our RSC cafes 
Happy 1st of December everyone! The Christmas tree is up
The best way to spread 
I couldn't be more excited to kick off my 
Let's be MERRY & BRIGHT together! Join me To Celebrate Christmas as I bring the joy of the holiday season to you! 
Looking for something a bit different this Christmas? Try our Chocolate Orange Bomba!
Christmas Party season has arrived! 
Looking for a festive outing? Tickets to 
"CHRISTMAS PRESENT IDEAS (GIFT GUIDE FOR BOYS) 2017!" - 
FOLLOWING/DMING YOU ACTIVES WHO LIKE & RETWEET MY PINNED TWEET! 
THE FIRST VIDEO OF 
1st of DECEMBERRRRRR 
If you have any Christmas videos you really want to see in December, please TWEET THEM 
Got some special things coming for you guys in DECEMBER... 

Hair by 
 Caprice The Essex Wind Orchestra are hosting their Christmas Nowell Concert this Saturday. With traditional carols, medleys and new arrangements of favourite Christmas music 
Just doing the finishing touches ready for 
Want to stay 
Well, that wasn't bad! See the new Co-op Christmas advert featuring us Stockport Ukulele Players and other great community groups. What a party.
It’s Cyber Weekend! Free shipping from now through Monday at 
Tonight! Big Christmas Light Switch On in Ashton-in-Makerfield 
officially Christmas season 
 is coming... Monday. 
Our RASA Christmas tree is up! 
The Nashville tree is lit! And it’s so pretty, don’t you think? 

Too soon to talk about Christmas? Perhaps. But I'd love for you to consider getting your charity Christmas cards from 
How about some Christmas 
Seems like we’ve missed the exciting part - Christmas tree lighting. We were dealing with ASB in King Edward Park and then an incident in Jardine Road. But it was good to see and chat to Wapping residents throughout the day. And on the way back we saw 
Today we have been delivering leaflets with burglary prevention advice. We had the chance to see beautifully decorated Christmas trees 
5 Ways Athletes Can Stay Motivated During the Holidays 
Our mega 
Brass band in full swing now! 
TODAY’S THE DAY!! We take over Myddleton Rd and some of the shops: Santa’s Grotto (no.99), 45 market sellers, xmas trees, funfair rides, mulled wine, craft beer,kids crafting (no.128), brass band, carols, parade and light illumination.. so much stuff!! 
Sharing the Christmas festivities
[checks calendar]


We love watching 
Santa will be rolling burritos on 12/12 at our Harvard St. location! Join us in support of 
Did you know tomorrow is 
Add a splash of the Dash to your holidays! 
Putting up your 
Only £1 and 5% back to me, 1% to my local community and 10p to 
 Who's ready for Holiday Light Tours?  Charter the Clearwater Jolley Trolley (for as little as $15 per person)... 
The tree is up here at 
Getting in the holiday spirit tonight at the 
Great night at The Mount in 
It’s getting busy here 
 milla_hip julian_hip 
party 
Partyyy season 
Magic in NYC 
Thank you to Redbeard at 
Hosting holiday parties, filling stockings, dressing to impress, and more—it's all on your mind come December 1st! Take a minute to read these tips and start prepping for the holidays this weekend 
The ULTIMATE GUIDE TO HOLIDAY SHOWS IN HALIFAX: 
December is here
Angelica in Miami just won a family 4 pack of 
Happy 1st of December, babes! The countdown is ON 
I’m actually peeing. 
Enjoy the first day of December! Here’s 
RT TO WIN: KYLIE'S SPICE & SUGAR LIP SET
RT TO WIN: KYLIE HOLIDAY BUNDLE
Santa and 
Tomorrow is also our annual Hoopy Holidays game! Come out to Goldfarb for free t-shirts, hot cocoa bar, cookies, and opportunities to win all kinds of prizes! 
Thank you!! One of my favourite John Candy characters! Eugene crushes it too. Classic. 
Buy tickets to ride the Bright Nights Train or view the displays at the Train Plaza 
It's going to be a JAM PACKED December at the 
The Santaland Diaries 
Pat Gallen visited Historic Strawberry Mansion bright and early this morning to learn about 
A Very Philly Christmas 
Looking to get your holiday on? We've got just the place!
CBS Philly got a sneak peek inside 
Who’s getting decorations up today?! 
Mayor 
Our team at 
Today's the last day to get FREE shipping with any purchase in my store! Plus, I've got a Christmas bundle for $35: 
Can't wait to celebrate the season with you, 
As it's December 1st here's a sneak peek at a rather festive treat from 
Happy 1st December!  Here’s the perfect way to get into the mood for Christmas 
It's beginning to look like Christmas 
May your days be merry and bright. 
Merge Cube for Christmas?
We hope you enjoy all of our holiday cheer throughout the airport 
Our first week of Christmas Double features starts tonight! 
First sight of the 
Are you joining us tonight at City South for our light switch on event in aid of 
Participate in 
You know you're from Canada when the Ontario Government declares the first Saturday of December 
The trees are here! Sales start at 12PM today - join us beside the ticket tent at 
Great idea a gentle reminder  - kindness small gift that goes a long way 
Thank you to Richard and the team at The Broadway Hotel 
Brrrrrrrr!!!! What bright cold start to December ..... & just 20 days away from our next 
Its all wrapped up! 
Happy Holidays from HPD partnered up with Fiesta for the 32nd Food Drive. Stop by Fiesta stores and donate. Be a part of feeding 3500 families this Christmas 
Lovely shot by stealth.hq! Christmas is coming 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas
'Tis the season to be 
Hi folks! Don't forget we'll be open this Sunday (3rd December) from 11:00 to 16:30 for a special festive day - mulled wine, mince pies & 
Personalised gift vouchers available to purchase on our website 
Happy 1st December!!!
Can you believe it?! 
Oh, what a glorious morning! 
You know it’s beginning to feel like Christmas when 
Yet to get your Christmas Tree? Why not get one from us, details in the photo! 100% of profits going to Peter McVerry Trust! 
Due to a cancellation we still have one room available at 
Never too early for Christmas tunes when 
Surprise! So excited to give you the very first look at the new 
Want to relive the magic of The Toy Show again?! 
Louise's Big Poll // iWeekend 

It's a simple one this Saturday 
Mama w/Santa Clause & friends at 
The first weekend of 
Who else has got that 
The countdown to Christmas (Christmarrs?) has officially begun! 
Merry Christmas and happy holidays!! 
Our trees are up! 
A HUGE thank you to 
Thank you to all my American and Canadian friends, and to my family — the Campbells. Tonight was truly magical. Merry Christmas! 
I'm so excited to have my friends from Nova Scotia here in Boston! Check out this album for a sneak peak of day-one festivities: 
Good morning, Boston! Are you ready for tomorrrow? I’m so excited! 
Now that it's December, it's time to plan your trip to either of our Christmas concerts!
Tonight is our first rehearsal ahead of our Christmas concerts! We're very excited!!
Holiday Promo Shoot 
 It's December so we can officially get excited about Christmas 
Festive 
 On the 3rd day of Christmas Manchester’s Finest gives to you...

 On the 2nd day of Christmas Manchester’s Finest gives to you...

Had a lovely evening at the 
We are DELIGHTED to introduce Dr.Coy's Festive Friends!!!! 
Need advice on choosing books for older kids & YA? Tune into 
Christmas countdown is on! Join us for our festive 
Thanks so much for taking part, we can’t wait to see photos of all your snazzy festive jumpers 
Fill up your loved ones ereader or wrap up a paperback this Christmas. Our books make the perfect stocking filler for book lovers. 
Amazing performance from 
Christmas has arrived at Windsor Castle! 
IT'S DECEMBER 
HO! HO! HO! Christmas lights switch on in Portrush tonight.  Entertainment commences 6.30pm with lights switched on at 7.30pm.  Wrap up warm! 
Late night opening hours commence this Monday 4th December until 9pm every weeknight 
Have you entered our 12 Days of Christmas 
Tomorrow we begin our 
Is it too early for fake snow and Christmas music?  
Plenty of stalls & people at the Greenisland Community Council Christmas fair this morning - call in until 2pm at the Jubilee Hall, you’ll be made very welcome! 
Have you checked out our holiday season designs yet? Click here -> 
FEELING FESTIVE! I am about to dress our tree! Who would like share their festive pics for inspiration?
♫ Check out the playlist
 “Adeela’s Favorite Christmas Tracks 
Can't Wait For A Great Christmas 
HAIRY BIKER, DAVE MYERS, TO SWITCH ON THE REIGATE CHRISTMAS LIGHTS! 
Stop by the tree lighting tonight in Boston at 85 Northern Ave as we sample our mini crab rolls + lobster bisque shooters and 
Tomorrow we'll launch our farm safety advent calendar
 How about a 
The countdown to Christmas is on!! 
How are you feeling as we head into the holiday season? Excited... ready for family time, the hustle bustle, shopping, parities, treats, drinks and more? 
 We've got the perfect Christmas gift idea for you: a "Gift Subscription" to "The Specials" website. The first 5 subscribers will get a Christmas Card from us! 
TOMORROW NIGHT! 
A lovely evening at the Hungry Guest in Petworth. 
Happy 1st of December!
We have our final line up for 
Don’t miss Osborne’s Victorian Xmas this weekend. Plus many other festive events this Dec 
 are here! Bringin' you hot deals all month long 
LOVE THIS!!!!! ‘Tis the season 
Great news for Christmas shoppers, for the next 3 Sunday’s (3rd, 10th, 17th) we are operating a half-hourly Red Jet service. See 
Love the singing 
Happy 1st of December everyone. It’s the last month of the year, let’s make it a good one. We’re starting the month feeling very festive 
Christmas is nearly here: 
It's been a busy first day at the St Nicholas Fair filled with festivities in our city centre! 
Santa and his elf pay an early visit to check the preparation for the light switch on Wednesday 6th December. 
Celebrate the beginning of Advent this Friday with Oana Cǎtǎlina Chiţu: ancient Romanian winter songs and the evocative sounds of the cimbalom and accordion
Today is a great day to support your 
Tonight in 
Counting down to 


We've launched our 
Oh, isn't Kingston looking beautiful & festive! 
Our team marketing Xmas do this aft and it’s SNOWING. Perfect!
Forcing festiveness on the team. It’s not too early 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas on campus 
Bookings are flowing in, don't miss out by not securing your table in time! 
Contact Browns.kingston@mbplc.com for more info 
‘Tis the season to indulge! 
A2: We think the perfect way to spend a romantic 
A4: Our favourite hidden gem is a Cocktail Masterclass with our mixologists. 
It's the perfect festive treat with friends! 
Very festive 
One of the best 
Looking forward to our 
Its STIR UP SUNDAY! I wish every Tweet reader will buy/download for 99p from iTunes the Michelle McManus and 12 choirs single WE ALL STAND TOGETHER. Please support 12 worthy charities 
Take time to breathe and enjoy the season 
MY Holiday Collectiom for 2017 debuts this week....stay tuned 
Feeling festive 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas here at Cardhu Distillery! 
Next week, 
Support your local retailers this Christmas and 
Who wouldn’t want to find some lovely Harris Tweed goodies under the tree on Christmas morning 
Watch Santa’s helpers bring the 
Well it is the 1st December after all... warm cranberry muffins for tea break
NEW TODAY 
'Pretty Brown and Nerdy' host 
Our Christmas Special this year is @ 
We have you sorted for snacks this Christmas, pop in store for great offers 
 childhood feels 
Lucky me...thank you for stopping by 
Close to being completely SOLDOUT again this Christmas so folks, if you are hoping to be with us all on Dec23 in 
20 days of Top Country Christmas Giveaways begins today! 
Tune in today at 12:45pm for an in-studio performance from Nashville's own 
Today's alum Christmas 
It's NOT XMAS! It's CHRISTmas!! We must remember to KEEP Christ in Christmas. He is the reason for the season as well as every season. It just wouldn't be Christmas without our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ because Christmas is about His birth. 
Turn your holiday lights off before leaving home or going to bed. 
 Thanksgiving is over, but check out these tips before you deck the halls. 
Happy 1st of December, booklovers! 
Roarsome! 
If you know a fan of 
Lots of tasty tit bits 
Reconciliation means taking action & healing wounds. Support this dedicated mother in her efforts to bring her children home.

There is no good reason this gofundme can’t be done by Christmas 
Happy advent everyone. Now, according to ancient rules laid down by my mum, you can eat mince pies and listen to Christmas songs. 
Off to Manchester Christmas Markets with the mother 
Looks like Santa (aka Denman Place Dental) brought toothbrushes and floss for our youth at 
The sun has come out for our second Village Christmas at Prince Alfred Park in Surry Hills 
This time of year is here again -  
Merry Makers Market is today 12 - 6pm! 
Christmas has come to the Intermusica office, courtesy of 
I had a great time at the Birch Community Centre Christmas Market today. Wonderful creative community spirit, well done all involved
I had a wonderful time at the Fallowfield Christmas Lights switch on last night with the 
There are just 48 hours left to help decorate our 
Have you made reservations for the 
It's officially the most wonderful time of the year! 
It wouldn't be December if we didn't do our annual 
We’re here at Carowinds Winferfest! If you bring a toy to benefit Ace & Tj’s Breaking and Entering Christmas 2017, you’ll receive $7 off park admission! 
This is today - 
Big cheers for a brilliantly lit tree!
Cheshire Dogs’ Home are looking for a 7-8ft real Christmas Tree for our doggie memorial ceremony for the beginning of December! If any can help with this, please let us know! Thank you everyone 
Great turnout for the Xmas Lights Switch On. Thanks so much 
Just got to 
Don't forget Xmas Lights Switch on this Saturday at 4pm outside the Co-op Burton Rd. With 
Another packed Christmas 
hear, hear! 
Goooooood Morning 
It’s been a long, busy, but really fun 
Today is the day! We hope you are all feeling festival ready for our 
We’re feeling festive here at the Academy! Our 
How
 Christmas nights out 
We promised you festive pavs, so we are bringing you festive pavs
We call them our Christmas 
Currently getting prepped for 
Printed one side and engraved on the other, these 
Loving the Christmas tree at 
Great Christmas event and Fog Lane switch on tonight. Well done to 
Show your some community some love tonight. Be a part of the festive fun from 5:30 @ St Nicholas church. There’s plenty on for all the family + afterwards we have home made mince pies + mulled wine
Festive feels at the new Winterlast 
The tree lights are going on... 
Make this a family affair, adults and children come along and join in the annual Moston Christmas festivities! 
The Moston Lane Christmas Light Switch on along with Christmas Craft Markets and we think even Santa Claus maybe dropping by

Join in the community Christmas spirit 
Join us Saturday 25th for the Moston Festivities! 
7 Days until Moston annual event! This time with the return of the Christmas Craft Market 
Who remembers this event?? Could this be happening again in Moston?? Keep them eyes peeled you never know... 
Really enjoyed the 
Good afternoon and welcome to Broadhurst Park where we host Liverpool Marshall Feds Reserves in the league this afternoon - 2pm KO!
A long conversation with 
It's December! 
Looking to plan the Christmas do? Organisers get a treat on us! 
Surely I’m allowed to start getting excited about Christmas now?
Happy 1st December!
Thanks for making our album launch party at The Victoria so special! If you want to see us at KOKO in the New Year and pre-order our debut album, check out these bundles to get them both for a special price: 
Have a festive and fun filled weekend with Etsy Made Local. Full event info here: 
Follow the link to win £20 gift voucher for 
Setting up the tree and hitting a Christmas party so it’s 100% time for 
A group of singers and producers in Guernsey have created their very own version of the popular Christmas hit Band Aid - including a music video 
Christmas is a comin', there's no denying it. We're about to play the first seasonal song for the year on Virgin. 

What should it be? 
Keep looking this week and next for our advent countdown! 

Memories from Field Day over the years and christmas treats 
Dec 2nd, our second Field Day Advent Countdown! 
Happy December 1st 
It's that time of year again 
It's December 1st - that can only mean one thing! It's time for Xmas songs!


My doorbell is in the Holiday spirit! 
Wonderful day at 
Might ask my local cinema if they'll play Elf the Grinch & Home Alone in one day! Who's Coming 
P2-cember deals are here! 
Gift Ideas For Datchound Lovers 
This beautiful candle holder will adorn any table setting, fit for a festive feast 
Santa visits The Candle Tree today 
It's officially the most wonderful time of the year 
Revealing the 
A twinkling welcome in the Foyer today 
 This starts in two weeks 
Happy 1st December! We are starting to feel a little bit Christmassy here at Curtins HQ now the tree is up 
Our annual ‘Matt hauls a tree shot’ (shout out to 
Brilliant initiative by 
Join us for our Christmas event , this Thurs Nov 23rd, 5 to 7 pm. Seasonal treats, 10% off & enter our Xmas competition too 
This year 
It's not a Christmas tree 
 See the tree light up nightly: Dusk to 1am, 25 Nov - 1 Jan

Welcome to our 2017 
Holiday festivities kicked off in Sydney with the lighting of the Martin Place Christmas Tree! 


RT if you're excited for Christmas already. We certainly are! Our 
Remember to get your audition videos in! 
 Do you want a Swans membership under your tree on Christmas Day?! 

Join / Renew before 4pm tomorrow to ensure your pack arrives before Christmas Day!


Given the Dundee Fireworks display essentially leads us into Christmas, this seems appropriate: 
What’s an eBay traders favourite festive tipple? Open Day 2 of the 
Thank you for a brilliant day 
We are now open daily for Santa Safari until 24th Dec! 
It’s going to be a first 
Book your Santa Safari visit today and save up to 20% online! 
Very excited to be at the annual 
WIN all these 
Solid 
With just under a month to the big day, 
‘Silent Night! Holy Night! All Is calm, all is bright…’ 
We're on the hunt for a 
Christmas feelings
 It’s nearly that time of year again... Help us count down the days until Christmas with our very own 
Escape the hustle and bustle and step back through time to The 
We too offer the services of 
Have you been down to the Christmas Market yet? Bath is as busy as ever and Christmas is in the air! 
Always a pleasure to catch up with the 
Stunning Christmas lights adorn the entrance to Milsom Place - Bath comes into its own as we start December - there's festive surprises around every corner 
First day of December and our 
Hi December!
Thank you for joining today 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas here at @hiltonbath! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas... 
The Jolly Season starts at 
New Street Square EC43BF 
the 

7th December
Thanks very much, glad you approve we’re really pleased with them and it’s certainly got us all in the festive spirit already! 
 Christmas fair this Sunday 11-3 at Rainford village hall free entry 
December!!! 
Free room hire for Christmas parties on Mon/Tues/Weds nights here at BFR! 
We’ve a few dates still available for Christmas parties with dinner & disco from £19.50pp (dancing optional!) 
Turkey, Brie & Cranberry every time! 
Planning a 
Tomorrow: 
  Visit 
This Fri  & Sat 
A taster of some of the wonderful Christmas present ideas available at the Brockley Artists Christmas fair, starts 12noon today. 
We’re giving away a family ticket to 
We’re down at 
We’re researching some exciting festive recipes for the blog on our website - what would you like to see?
Sleigh bells ring, are you listening?! 
We were very busy last night at Waterloo Station setting up our (massive!) Christmas tree. We'll share more photos when it's all finished! 
 "It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas...!" 

We're getting all Christmassy 
On the 3rd day of Christmas MyArtisanMarkets gave to me....
A £30 
2nd day of Christmas MyArtisanMarkets gave to me....
A Foil print, a candle & 2 light catchers

It’s today! ITS TODAY! Come down and shop with Etsy Team Leeds at the City Museum from 11-4. Goodies bags for the first through the door and a free fun festive photo booth 
Today is the day! Find our 
CONSIGNIA CHRISTMAS SHOW 
No plans yet this weekend? How about a Christmas Market! 
The AP 
NOTTS CHRISTMAS 
It was 
The countdown to Christmas has begun!
 Just 4 Open Mic's left till 
Christmas, Again started its theatrical  run in Russia last night. The premiere had trees, tea flowers, and even a theremin player! 
Today's mission: Buy a tea flower. Thanks to 
Find out next what Hamburg's Christmas markets are all about. 
Snow manning, SKATE - ing....festivity- ing 
Tree shopping in the AMG 
Happy Christmas from our family to yours 
December 1st is Christmas Lights Day! Are your holiday lights already up? 
 We are restocked with our mini condo size Christmas trees in stock 
A huge thank you to the amazing first group this morning 
Only 2 weeks away!  We are so excited for our 4th annual Holiday Market 
Prepping for the Wreath workshop this morning 
We still have post left for our Wreath Making Workshop.  Join us either December 2 or 3 
It's officially December! Time to start feeling 
We've rounded up some of our favourite stocking fillers for our first Christmas gift guide 
ITS CHRISTMAS 
The Christmas tree is officially lit up to start off the holiday season! 
mood for the rest of the year
i know i'm early but i couldn't help but decorate for my favorite holiday 
Make sure 'Everyday Is Christmas' is under your 
Just a few days away from the 108th parade! Looking for some more elves to lend a helping hand 
24 days until Christmas! Are you ready for it? 
More than Just The Cat came back to 
How about some 
Holiday Tech Gifts for Kids 
The Do's and Dont's of 
The Winning CyberMonday Holiday Shopping Guide: Follow this formula & save on holiday shopping. 
The Winning CyberMonday Holiday Shopping Guide 
From tiny to teens, these 6 winners will be hit gifts this year for kids. 
 Toronto team assembles 
It's always a pleasure to hang out with 
Wonderful to see community members at tonight’s 
It's December Raiders; Share Christmas is back!
When put to the challenge, our Gr3/4 
Feeling the Christmas spirit in 
Looking forward to this on Thursday night... 
No kid's Christmas list is complete without this 
 - Day 2. Junior Robin Christmas party 
RETAIL NEWS: Our Christmas opening kicks off with Sunday opening tomorrow 10am to 4pm. Happy shopping! 
Yey 
Have you seen 
 Mandy’s Christmas countdown 
Our interiors team worked hard over the weekend to deliver Christmas to Sky Central. What a fantastic place looking great with all the festive decorations! 
It’s the most wonderful time for a beer! 
This year, put ABC under the tree! 
Wawi advent calendars: a German Christmas tradition 
It is 
we really enjoyed it too! 
So we made a Christmas Single! Money donated goes to homeless charities, people who’ll have nowhere to call home this Christmas. I’m counting on my book friends to RT so that we can share this as far and wide as possible. Thanks. Let’s all make a difference this Christmas 
 look at our personalised bauble. Each one of of U7’s team have been given one tonight with their name and number. 
Looking for a hotel for NYE fit for some Miss America girls... 
Join the us for our Christmas Charity Celebration this December to raise money for 
Well Thursday 30th November only means one thing in 
Good morning everyone! It's the second of December which means it's 2nd day of the resilience 
I spy with my little eye....
Carols for Business is moving to Burslem this year on the 20th December 6.00pm! All welcome come and sing your favourite carols share the festivities with colleagues 
 This year’s Parent Council Christmas Fayre will be held in the school hall on Friday 8th December 6.30 - 8.30pm. Tickets available from Monday 4th Dec. £3 adults, £1 OAPs and children. Please check email for further details. 
The first door has been opened - today’s message is in Romanian. Craciun Fericit! 
Our Languages Advent Calendar is up - come by every day to hear a different festive greeting! 
Are you O+ or O-? 
Great atmosphere and turnout for the switching on of Annan Christmas 
Less than two weeks till our 
It’s finally December! 
P5b enjoyed creating their posters for the 
December Update 
KA's Music Department Christmas Concert will take place on Tuesday 12th December at 7pm. 
It’s that time of year again!
Thank you to our wonderful PTA who raised £1681.65 for school funds at the Christmas Fayre today! 
Lots of fun being had at our Christmas Fayre organised by the fabulous PTA! 
1st of December can only mean one thing....Christmas Karaoke 
Here in the 
We hope to see you all at our Christmas Spectacular today 
We hope to see you all there 
Come down to Stirling High today 10-2 to get our stress relief products 
S5/6 Hospitality feeling festive making mince pies after working extremely hard all week
Pop along to 
Know anyone who would like to join us? Get in touch 
 MATCHROOM POOL ADVENT CALENDAR 
In London over Christmas and New Year? Find info on travel changes at 
Make your home even more inviting this festive season.
OH YES! We are so excited for 
And now... it's time for the first of our 
The Christmas season is here! Such a great night at the Christmas Tree lighting at 
My favorite way home this time of year. Love ya, Chicago. 
Feeling 
Saturday with Santa - and PG and Kyle! Thunder players spread 
‘Tis the season. A few Bulldogs showing their holiday spirit as they enter the Benz. 
Happy December! Hope you can join us for lunch this holiday season Chatham-Kent! 
Brett is performing TOMORROW NIGHT on A Very Pentatonix Christmas with 
HAPPY 
Last chance for pictures with the 
 Whos! Join us tonight from 6-8 for photos with the 
Last Chance to Pre-Order the SFE Holiday Shirt 
Our teammate Deborah doesn't need a 
I can’t believe it’s this time again 
The excitement is building for tomorrow’s staff Children’s Christmas Party! The kids are going to have a blast! 
With the spirit of giving in the air, our awesome staff raised $164 through the 50/50 at our Christmas Party this past weekend. All profits will be donated to 
What an incredible night at the Beacon with 
The giant Christmas tree 
 is almost here and 
Give the gift that gives back this Christmas. 
Proud to announce our Holiday Showcase startups! These Villagers have all achieved at least 7 figures in funding or ARR. Come meet them on 12/6! 
Only 4 days until our Holiday Showcase. Tickets are almost sold out! Startups, cocktails, raffle, and a fireside chat w/ 
 HOLIDAY CONTEST: RT for chance to win: 2 Club Bell to 
Looking good 
Join us for a Christmas market spectacular in Meeting House Square as we aim to raise €50,000 for The peter McVerry Trust this Christmas. 
Getting emotional with 
| ...It's Christmas!

Fancy winning some fantastic gifts?

Check out our 
| Attending our 'Magical Christmas Time' parties this December?

Share our exclusive Snapchat filter using 
| WOW! How magical was last night's 
| Our 
| We're 
| There's only 1 month until 
 asked 4th graders in the 11th Congressional District to send him ornaments for his Christmas Ornament Contest, and these beauties were voted on by students to represent 8 of our elementaries! 
It's that time of year! Here's a few gift-giving ideas that can 
‘Tis the season for the book tree! 
Celebrate the holiday season at 
Make your centre piece a masterpiece 
I love my new succulents from 
Christmas at 
A great Christmas prize 
Getting a little bit 
 coming soon!  
Downtown Raleigh....lit! 

The 
My favorite holiday tradition. Attending the annual 
Now I’m even more excited for Christmas 
Happy Saturday! Are you headed downtown to shop, eat, or attend the Christmas tree lighting tonight from 4-8 @ city plaza? 
Round your purchase to the nearest dollar until Dec 31 to support 
Ready for the 
Join me & the 
Neither sleet nor rain nor dead of night could dampen our holiday spirits at Friday night’s 
 students are proud to be singing at 
Tonight! Rain or Less rain 
 is at 
Loved Elf 
Lunch in the local 
It may be cold in Walford, but this will warm your heart...
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas...
 to our Celebrity Kettle Kick-Off last Thursday. Thank you for supporting The Salvation Army! Have a Merry Christmas! 
Great performance by our National Canadian Yo-Yo- Champion at our Celebrity Kettle Kick-Off ! 
The Celebrity Kettle Kick-Off is underway at the Vancouver Art Gallery! 
NEW gear just in time for the holidays
Just 2 day lefts to DOUBLE YOUR DONATION 
Best 
Next Wednesday is the deadline for our Christmas Treble Auditions! 
A shout out for our friends at 
Students-Heading home for Christmas?
It’s officially Christmas Argory Christmas Fayre this weekend 
Christmas has come to Belfast 
 is beginning to feel very festive 
Today is the day! We hope you are all feeling festival ready for our 
We’re feeling festive here at the Academy! Our 
Top job by the BBC One Marketing team and BBC Creative. 
Always enjoy sorting out & overseeing the Christmas Tree 
£6584 left to raise! If everyone interested can get behind us at this pivotal time, we can do it!!
This will help 10 areas in the UK to create Christmas Day for nearly 500 young people leaving 
How can you help the 
What a CAN-tastic three days! Thank you to all our fabulous 
There’s less than a week to wait until the Garden is transformed into a 
There’s just over a week to go until the Garden’s 
It's true. 
Christmas formal 
Brace your 'elf' for some 
The festive season gets underway this week with 
Visit your local Oxfam to find that perfect unexpected gift this year, and spread a little hope to people who need it the most 
 Oxfam's Fill Your Own crackers on 
Are Christmas cards a dying tradition?  
The things your CEO makes you do  
Come and see us tomorrow in Hays Galleria  from 11am where we shall be selling all things Christmas! Excited for 
Thank you to all exhibitors & visitors for making Living Crafts for Christmas at 
Advent starts tomorrow and this year I'm trying something different. In the excitement, it's so easy to forget the true values of Christmas so I'm planning to carry out 24 days of social action or acts of kindness to help me remember what's really important at this time of year
Huge ‘Thank You’ to 
‘When my dear wife sadly passed away, it was really important for me to be able to remain living in our home’ 
Join us for the St Paul's College Annual Carol Service on Sunday 20 November @ 7pm. 
Chuffed to bits that my 'Tomorrow shall be' is inc on 
Thank you to everyone that came along to Day 2 of 
Can't wait to have 
We are looking forward celebrating Christmas with the fantastic 
Fantastic kick off to the 
Mulled wine & mince pies tonight 
 Do you 
Want to have a living advent calendar in your town? 
Don't forget we are open on Sunday for all your Christmas Bookish needs! 11am-4pm 
Our resident blogger 
'It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas' in the primary classroom 
Celebrate the beginning of Advent this Friday with Oana Cǎtǎlina Chiţu: ancient Romanian winter songs and the evocative sounds of the cimbalom and accordion
Have you got your Christmas in Leeds guide yet? 
(I'm terrible @ Twitter) Taking Wreath orders for deliveries across Birmingham as of yesterday. 
It's officially Christmas time, so 
Here’s the full line-up of Sunday’s festivities for Wallingford at Christmas! 
Setting up the tree and hitting a Christmas party so it’s 100% time for 
Too early? 
It's December 
 The Brampton Museum's a wonderful place to visit all year round, but especially at Christmas time 
Today we have launched our 2017 Christmas campaign. Our three special Junior Detectives are out and about to 
ESB is delighted to partner with the Merrion Square Innovation Group to bring the Christmas Lights to Merrion Square once again this year! 
Another fabulous play.. thanks 
 please play 
What are your plans on Saturday 9th December?
Get ready for Christmas!
Our tree is looking a bit Seussian after its hibernation. 
At Christmas you tell the truth.... 
Just a little over 2 weeks until we kick off the Christmas Party Season! 

CHRISTMAS PARTY NIGHTS 
I’m on 
Christmas is a comin', there's no denying it. We're about to play the first seasonal song for the year on Virgin. 

What should it be? 
Hooyah! Great to have the 
I'm on pines and needles 
A look behind the scenes at the crew setting up the 
For one of the cosiest evenings in London, settle in to 
So the first Jimmy’s open mic was a success! We had an impromptu performance from 
Its Christmas Party Time 
Christmas has officially kicked off in Castlebar!
Cinnamon, orange and raisins give this mince pie in a glass that magical Christmas touch...! 
Getting into the festive spirit w/ 
These U.S destinations are definitely on the “nice” list when it comes to the best Christmas vacations 
Christmas Party Nights at Garbos 
This gonna be something real special!!!!! Tickets for 

It's cold & dark..... 
No, we don't mean Winter, we mean our Christmas Mocha Porter - Festive Star 
 It's all happening in Hinckley tomorrow night!! 
Festive Fun Fun Fun!! 
Getting that festive feel 
COMING S
The very best makeup and skincare products to gift the beauty obsessive in your life this Xmas 
Did someone say Xmas Party Kegs? 
Warning tweet may contain a lot of pixels! Normal pixel service will resume tomorrow
On the 2nd Day Of Christmas the Bullfinch gave to me....lots of delicious mince pies to eat at the Brewery! Have a 'Pie' and a Pint today! Free mince pies at the Tap Room today open 12:00-10:00...Be quick the mince pies have been going down very well behind the bar!! 
On the first day of Xmas the Bullfinch gave to me....a double instead of a single G&T! Pay for a single and get a double! Tap Room open today from 4:00pm...To claim your gift tweet 
It's technically 1st Dec.....can we open our chocolate advent calendar now? 
Only one week to go until Bullfinch's 12 Days of Xmas begins...
Sneak Peek At Whats Under the Tree
Our 12 Days of Xmas event is coming soon 
We’re back tomorrow 
Fantastic first night for 
Christmas tastings today in Wimbledon Village 
It’s the Wimbledon Village Christmas Fair today! Join us at Bayley & Sage for delicious Christmas food tastings, scrumptious street food and we are also hosting the lucky dip! It’s a fabulous festive day out, hope to see you there!
Christmas tasting events today at Parkgate in Battersea and Wimbledon Village. Delicious food and wine for you to sample before Christmas. Order forms in store and on line! 
Scrummy Christmas tasting today and tomorrow at our Parkgate store. Come and try! 
Christmas tasting events start tomorrow! Join us to taste some delicious Christmas food at Parkgate Friday 1st and Saturday 2nd, and in Wimbledon on Saturday 2nd and Sunday 3rd! Look forward to seeing you there! 
A few last minute spaces left on our wreath making course in Fulham this Friday! Make a beautiful wreath to take home, enjoy some mince pies and start feeling festive! 
Juicy plump cranberries, buy now and freeze, or make into cranberry sauce and get ahead of the game this Christmas! 
Christmas tasting events in store starting this weekend. Please join us to sample some delicious festive food and wine and get in the Christmas spirit! Parsons Green: 24th & 25th Nov, Parkgate 1st & 2nd Dec, Wimbledon 2nd & 3rd Dec 
We are all set up at the 
Thanks to our lovely Xmas elves 
PLS RT! 
Don't forget to drop in to the last market day of term today! There's a chocolate twist... And we'll be switching on the Christmas tree lights at 1pm 
It's Christmas time 
NEXT WEEK! 
Today I've gutted and cleaned the house (downstairs), put the decs up 
The ferry is back in town for Christmas 
Discover all the best bits of 
Christmas is nearly here: 
Had a fabulous time at 
Starting the festive period off well with whiskey Xmas cocktails at 
We’re at Leeds City Museum until 4pm today! Come down and support your local businesses this Christmas! 
Flashback to our 2016 Christmas Dance at Mackays! 

It's time to get 
Well, that wasn't bad! See the new Co-op Christmas advert featuring us Stockport Ukulele Players and other great community groups. What a party.
Launching our Christmas in the Community programme this year is the 
Happy 1st of December
 to have one of these floating 
Last chance to get tickets for my Christmas show 
Cardiff you've been a Christmas treat 
We're so excited that we can now talk about our Christmas campaign with a reach of 5M & our VR & AR Experiences 
Looks who’s swung by to see us!
Want a chance to take him home with you? 
Come by and see us tomorrow between 10-1:30pm at our Christmas Craft Fayre!
This beautiful Christmas tree is welcoming visitors at Ebbw Vale Learning Action Centre 
It's beginning to look a lot like 
Christmas Celebration tickets are on sale now! 
12 ideas for vegan-friendly Christmas gifts. 
Person 1: "When you say arty, what do you mean?"
Person 2: "Y'know, bauble and a bit of bush"

Don't miss the hilarious Comedy Club 4 Kids: Christmas Cracker, full of festive fun! Sat 2 Dec, ages 6+ 
Manchester, we’re ready for you!! 
Christmas Party season has arrived! 
Looking for a festive outing? Tickets to 
Christmas tree cakes and swimming in this weeks ASC's. 
We've got some lovely activities to look forward to in the run up to Christmas! 
This year's 
Sunday lunch with Santa at Cottrell Park Golf Resort...... ho ho ho 
Ready to welcome guests tonight at Cottrell Park Golf Resort 
Dazzling December | Christmas Spectacular 
 Day 3 of our advent calendar! 
 Day 2 of our advent calendar! 
Win a prize every day of December with One Call! 
Party time 
The annual Tulloch Lodge Christmas at the Stables 
Gary waves as the Marron Singers get ready for the annual Christmas Concert in the 
Crosby village Christmas tree looks great - best ever! 
Wrap up warm this WINTER! 
Perfect 
Get your Christmas shopping done early, and take 10% off the ISC Cotton Tee in Adults and Kids! Use code 4WEEKS at the checkout! 
Add a little sparkle to your 
Next up on our advent calendar of brilliant books from 2017 is this illustrated title about Rosa Parks by 
Enter the festive season and discover Clarins Festive Jewels. 
 Town Hall looking very festive 
Hands up, who's putting up their 
Psst, enjoy festive ready furniture for less with £100 off when you spend £500 or more. Just use code RELAX 
Congratulations to Caroline Rooke & Pat Healy who have been randomly selected as the winner of our 
Time to listen to the best Christmas song! 
Not cold enough for a coat yet, but a scarf defs means it’s December 
YAY!!!! 
Who likes Prosecco ? Join us Liverpool Prosecco Festival for more Fun, Food and Prosecco. An excellent gift for Christmas 
day after thanksgiving is when i
THIS SUNDAY | 
TONIGHT, we're lighting our 
The ho-ho-holidays have arrived! Here are 5 festive things to do at 
RT & Follow for a chance to 
If you’re heading into Edinburgh today (& it’s looking pretty spectacular 
We’re kicking of the start of December with a fantastic 
 Deck the Halls with Personalised Decorations! - 
Feeling festive? Today is the last day to receive 20% off our range of Personalised Christmas Decorations and more! Use the code BLACKFRIDAY17 at checkout: 
Start your Monday on a festive note with these Personalised Jumper Christmas Tree Decorations! Perfect for every … 
Just 4 sleeps until 
Father Christmas and his helpers getting to work early 
Cold, crisp day on the farm. loaded up with Christmas trees and on our way to 
Sun setting near 
What a beautiful & magical place 
Also in // 
Thanks to the brilliant Sheffield  independent magazine 
We’ve had a delightful morning with 
Check out our Instagram today, the brilliant 
Last chance to see the Festival of
 atmosphere at The Festival of Christmas Trees 
Our tree is up for the Festival of Christmas Trees 
Eeeeekk just 2 weeks until our Christmas Fayre ... don’t forget we have our own trees to pick
Right ....... NOW it's Christmas 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas! We’re feeling very festive here today now the decorations are up 
Get festive with us this Ball Street market 
Have you discovered what's behind door 2 in our 
 Christmas Streetfood Special 
Merry Xmas ... it’s a time of good will 
“I’ll Be Your Waste Of Time” is out now 
The gift of 2 songs at this festive time 
 is having a Holiday Blowout Sale!! Use code "HOHOHAUTE" And get 50% off your entire order!!
It’s definitely beginning to feel like Christmas! 
Join us next, Friday December 8th 
Happy December 1st Christmas Countdown 
We’re having a Holiday Blowout Sale!! Use code "HOHOHAUTE" And get 50% off your entire order!!
It's December and we're bringing you your very own Good Food Advent calendar! We'll be posting a festive recipe every day to see you through to Christmas 
Fresh out of the kitchen, our puff pastry mince pies are a sure-fire festive winner 
 we are OPEN! 
Last night in my new coat which definitely looks like a Christmas pudding (in a good way)
Today we launch DAY 1 of our exclusive 
Next week Big Band favourite Guy Barker will be joined by 
We’re nearly ready! Christmas Fayre today 11am-3pm! 
Happy 1st Dec! Did you remember the advent calendar(s)? We have some great advent calendars in our dept stores if you fancy a change from the traditional chocolate calendars plus they’re currently HALF PRICE in our fabulous 
Soon, we'll be rockin' around the 
Christmas Fayre 
 | Hibernian Chief Executive Leeann Dempster talks about the plans of 'Edinburgh Cheer', a goodwill campaign launched earlier today in partnership with Heart of Midlothian, the Edinburgh Evening News and NHS Lothian to help Edinburgh become the Capital of Goodwill
Diolch yn fawr 
5S gave us a fabulous assembly on their class value compassion this afternoon. They told us about 4 charities and let us vote for our favourite one to donate the money raised from our Christmas stalls this year. 
Please share 
It's the Christmas edition of 
Stockbridge Christmas from 4.30pm Friday 1st December! 

"Tis the season... " Bonn's Christmas market extends over the entire inner city. Enjoy shopping decorative and practical handicrafts, Christmas decorations, culinary delights and make sure to try Germany's famous "Glühwein". Enjoy Winter Season in Bonn! 
Dreaming of a VR Christmas: 
CHRISTMAS TREES
Thankyou to 
This is spectacular. Why buy a Christmas jumper when you can get a suit 
Thank guys! Happy holidays 
My clothes are getting more and more Christmasy by the day... 
WHO IS UP ? RT 
Spend your evening here at Santana Row! 
Festive hats and headbands for your holiday party! 
‘Tis the season 
The best thing about the holidays is: _______ 
Night 1 of 
"It’s tough for the Rock and Roll Hall of Famers to do wrong, and they deck their Christmas LP with plenty of personality." We think so too! Thanks 
The best way to spread 
Shoutout to christmas music for never getting old to me and also being on constantly for the next month 
The best to spread holiday cheer is to get your 
I couldn't be more excited to kick off my 
Let's be MERRY & BRIGHT together! Join me To Celebrate Christmas as I bring the joy of the holiday season to you! 
Check out our Country Thunder Christmas playlist for some songs to get you in the holiday spirit!
Ugly sweater all-stars 
Tis the season! 
It’s finally that time of year again. 
Join us at this weekend's tree lighting celebrations at 
We’re LIVE in Central Park at Harlem Meer for caroling, ice carving and holiday cheer! 
We're starting off December with some holiday spirit!  You can catch us tonight at the MillerCoors tour of lights!
Happy December! We're celebrating with our 
Please share with those who may be interested in attending holiday events geared toward the active aging community! 
Prepareth to deck the halls with bottles of Fatty 
From turkeys to trees, it all adds up! Tell us: how are you being 
The National Christmas Tree Lighting is tomorrow and that means road closures around Foggy Bottom. See Campus Advisories and plan ahead if you have to commute: 
We've announced our 
Can you believe it’s almost 1 month until Christmas?! 
Treat yourself or a friend this Xmas? We've stocked up on all the home brewing equipment you could want! 
It’s the time of year to cuddle up with a cup of hot cocoa and watch holiday movies all night long! Tell us your favorite holiday movie in the comments! 
Don’t get your tinsel in a tangle because Cyber Monday is happening NOW! Head to 
TGI(Black)F – Head to the boutique or 
Only 5 more Mondays until Santa comes to town and we CAN’T wait! 
Join Charlie Brown and the gang for a charming Christmas show as they perform traditional upbeat holiday classics and spread Christmas cheer. "It's the Merriest Christmas Show Ever, Charlie Brown" is now performing on select evenings at Knott's 
Good citizens of Calico, Are you ready for a tree lighting? 
They always nail it with these Peanuts character shows at 
‘tis the season
 Christmas parties never looked so fresh! Book a booth in our Club Lounge for any of our remaining events this year or hire the entire space: 
We're taking over the whole of 
Happy December 
I hope you all had a great evening and night at the market!! Just to remind you, now we are opened on Sundays, so you can come to buy all your Christmas presents! Book your hamper as well!!! 
LOVE Christmas. Time of year is so special, spending lots of time with loved ones!! 
Boxing Day in Fire & Lightbox. Audiowhore is going to light up 
We have the most beautiful 
 XMAS SLACKER PARTY ON SALE NOW! 
Gonna be lit 
Ok it’s officially December! I can start playing Christmas music & the best way to kick off the month is with 
The Christmas countdown has begun! 
Guy "Garland" Ritchie is very particular about his tree 
I want a bauble like that hanging from my tree
 Thanks for making the girls night! 
You can get 15% off your Bath Tour tickets with code "market15" for the duration of the 
A reminder that you can achieve a 15% on Bath Tour tickets with code "market15" for the duration of the 
hey theatre nerds...check out this frickin cool pop up that 
London 
Somewhere, some place in the world, michael bublé is defrosting as we speak, ready to smash it this christmas like he does every year 
“Christmas Thyme” is now here!
 It's that time of year again! 


O N L Y  2 3  D A Y S

          
Come out and see 
Some 
Happy holidays 
Great ideas to bring joy to others over the festive period 

Stuff your stocking with wine aerators, mismatched earrings, spicy honey, and more—all for under $20 
This little shit showed up just in time for Chrismukkah! I bet you know somebody who would love one stuffed under his/her tree. 
A very" merry well done" to all the students 
Our Christmas Market is OPEN till 7pm - come and 
The countdown to Christmas is on!! 
What do you get if you eat Christmas decorations? 
Where do you get your Christmas tree? 
This could be the "Maddest" Mad Saturday ever! Could this be the best way to celebrate the last Saturday before Christmas?
IT'S CHRIIIIIIIIISTMAS 
Here in the 
Looking for something to do with your little ones this weekend?
Our magical Santa's Workshop is NOW OPEN! Come & stop by for the ultimate Christmas experience from 10am today & from 11am tomorrow. Tickets cost £6.95 per child 
Santa's Workshop is NOW OPEN! It's now open every day up until Christmas Eve with tickets costing £6.95 per child. Look no further for the ultimate Christmas experience 
Do you know any potato lovers? We have the perfect spud Christmas present 
Reasons to Sing at Sage Gateshead! Not only is it fun & rewarding but it’ll make you feel good, it has a multitude of health benefits & it’s a great way to meet new people. Makes a great Christmas present too! 
ALSS FESTIVE MOONLIGHT AND MISTLETOE PARTY
Happy 3rd December! Today's 
You can find out more about our 
Happy 2nd December! Today's 
Find out more about our 
Welcome to our 2017 
Christmas lights went up on the coffee cart today! 
"If you haven’t been to the cinema yet with your kids, I say dive straight in" 
We’re 
Feeling so festive today - get your gift shopping off to a good start with our extremely stocking-worthy skincare 
Don’t forget, 
Treat yourself to a delicious, festive Afternoon Tea 
We had a great afternoon decorating the Christmas tree at 
 it's time to start getting organised and festive 
The most glamorous ladies from our 2017 bake off collection! Tag a 
Our beautiful Christmas tree is finally complete! Thanks to our resident giant Joe, who still needed a ladder to put the star on the top of our 9ft tree!! 
No football = put the tree up 
Woodlands 
The beautiful staircase 
ICYMI: On the second day of 
 On the 1st day of our 
Day off!! Hurray! Starting as we mean to go on with Nativity 2 and cosy pjs by the fire! 
Well as its December 1st tomorrow we thought this might put you in the 
 We're getting into the spirit of giving this holiday season with a TON of giveaways in the month of December!

Get excited for The Twelve Days of 
Show some support to 
The official programmes are here! It’s getting very real... 


Christmas came early 
Sign that the Xmas Party Season is here...Paragon Xmas Party tonight 
*Live* Give the Gift of Fun this Christmas 
Today is the day wonderful people and we are looking forward to young and the young at heart joining us! 
25 days til Christmas 
Catch the last hour of the Holiday Open House TONIGHT at Carr's Hill 
Arbroath Christmas Lights Switch On  is tonight starting from around 6pm. We will be in attendance and hope everyone has an enjoyable evening. Keep all valuables safe, secure and out of sight. 
We're sharing your LEGO 
 to last weekend’s festive fun day out taking part in the 
 reveals the 
Fancy a festive singalong? Join 
Lots of great decorations being made in Central Hall at St Thomas' Hospital today. We can't wait to see them added to our tree 
Help us make LEGO decorations for our Christmas Tree! 
Day 3 of our 
Day 1 of our 
Well it is the 1st December after all... warm cranberry muffins for tea break
Primary 5 are busy decorating some beautiful tealight holders to sell at the Crookfur Christmas Fayre. Come along on Friday to see our final products 6:30pm-8:30pm  
For a Christmas Without Borders

Have you seen our giant advent calendar inside the Moor market?  Door 1 is open today, come and have a go at answering the question and win some great prizes to make your Christmas perfect! 
T-T-Teessiders. Get to our Christmas Party in Stockton on Dec 8th. This is who we got for you... 
Just experienced my first taste of white hot Christmas shopping rage. I forgot how John Lewis transforms from lovely idealised retail experience to dark circle of hell on 1st December. Happy Christmas!
Who got tickets to our Christmas party??! 
Christmas tree done! 
 
Our wonderful team officers cadets together in company with the main man himself and his elf 
Happy 1st of December!

It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas at Buckingham Palace – see the final look next week. 
All set up for my second day 
SNAPPED UP MARKET TODAY FOLKS! 
Have a great day superheroes and sidekicks 
All set up and ready to go at 
My stand at 
Can't wait for this tomorrow! 
Really looking forward to this event at the paget rooms this Sunday! Be sure to pop by and say hi 
Join us for a festive day at 
Just seen a sneak preview of the marvellous 
We intend to celebrate December in style. With 
Just had a lil’ seasonal spruce-up. How do I look? 
We intend to celebrate Christmas and NYE in style. With 
Pawesome day today! Thank you Burtonwood Community Centre 
Revealing the 
A twinkling welcome in the Foyer today 
Treat yourself to our tasty Christmas baked goods available throughout December in our RSC cafes 
Happy 1st of December everyone! The Christmas tree is up
Visit us from Friday 1st December when we will be unveiling our traditional Tudor Christmas decorations 
Let’s make 2017 Kenilworth’s best Christmas ever! Use 
Testing cocktails for our Christmas party produced by 
Tomorrow we'll launch our farm safety advent calendar
, or a Lego Star Wars advent calendar? Think we know who the real winner is. 
Ho Ho Hi! 
It's Christmas! 
 is wholly unacceptable in 2017 
 Hi Charles absolutely love the music it's awesome and good luck with it for children in need . It should brighten up anyone's day, well done to all of you, Charles, Charlie, Phillip and James. Merry Christmas to you all 
The Christmas tree is up!
Spread the word! Christmas in Uppingham is on 1st December. Kick off at 5.30pm with 
The Christmas Tree is officially lit 
Happy Christmas  
 It's December so we can officially get excited about Christmas 
Thanks to a good friend of 
Christmas with The Clandestinos 
Carols by Candlelight Wed 13th Dec 6-8pm in aid of St. Francis Hospice 
What are your Toy Show Traditions? Let me know 
Thank you all for your help - we're delighted to introduce Rowie the Elf. His first stop is to the beautiful Christmas tree at the Castlegate. Did you know Aberdeen is gifted a Christmas tree from our friends in Stavanger?
Its beginning to look a lot like.....
Our term has ended with a wonderful  concert from the 
Order your Christmas feast at Dollard & Co.

Of course it’s countdown to Christmas time! 
Please keep in mind, my Mam is hand drawing each of these. There'll be 150 total, at 6 euro a pop. We can't post them, cause they're glass & we don't wanna risk any breakage! 
Ennis-killin it- how good does the 
Looking forward to Carols by Candlelight again this year 
It's almost time to turn on the lights of The Merchant Christmas Tree! Come and see us today in The Great Room at 1.30 or 3pm for a performance by the BCGC - Belfast Community Gospel Choir and enjoy complimentary mulled wine and a mince pie! 
Christmas will arrive at The Merchant this Thurs 23rd Nov! The halls will be decked & our beautiful 25ft Tree will be up. To celebrate, Belfast Community Gospel Choir will sing at 1.30 & 3pm. Join us in The Great Room for complimentary mulled wine & a mince pie!
Christmas fairy buns at our gorgeous Loaf Cafe in Grosvenor Rd are looking amazing! Call in and treat yourself! 


Pick up your limited edition Giants Advent Calendar, £10 each, tonight 
We’re switching on the Christmas Tree Lights in Glengormely! 
Seriously, it’s going to be great. Tickets available at the door and at 
Great fun hanging out with 
Our December schedule is packed with cinematic treats! Please RT and let us know what you're most excited to see. 
I am very excited for both of these. If you’re in Los Angeles or on Long Island I hope to see you there 
A wonderful evening at 
Our friends at the 
Welcome to December! 
For a limited time you can get 
Can't wait to celebrate the season with you, 
Don’t miss Holidays with 
Tune in today at 2pm for an in-studio performance from 
The Nashville tree is lit! And it’s so pretty, don’t you think? 

Tune in today at 12:45pm for an in-studio performance from Nashville's own 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in our terminals! Are you travelling with us this Christmas? 
 Last chance to book your Christmas Party at Edgbaston Stadium! Over 7,000 covers already SOLD 
 12 Days of Christmas | Buy or claim your tickets to The Clash now, & you could be in with the chance of winning one of these fantastic prizes. Read more here 
! We’re hosting our 1st Annual Ugly Christmas Sweater Party ft. The Mighty Fergusons paying tribute to Tom Petty on THU, DEC 14! FREE show, great prizes, and TROPHY for the winner! 
Just announced and on sale: 
TONIGHT!!
HANGER FARM'S CHRISTMAS COUNTDOWN
It’s a late one tonight but do stay with us, if only to see Piers Morgan trying to switch on the lights in Stockbridge! 11.04 
Check out these tips for successful influencer marketing during the holidays 
On the first day of Christmas The Time Ladies give to you... Day one of our advent calendar! We’ll be bringing you a favourite time lady moment of ours every day until Christmas! 
Hey peeps ... The new "Bram The Human Nightmare Before Christmas" Tee is available now!!! Shipping will be a week or two so get your orders in early incase your overseas etc ... Available at 
VERY excited to debut the 
Good morning, Boston! Are you ready for tomorrrow? I’m so excited! 
All Christmas merch has been shipped! If there's demand for more of the grinch shirts and BSS jumpers let me know and we'll think about releasing more 
Don’t miss my friend 
I loved being a part of this! 
party 
Partyyy season 
I think 
For the 4th consecutive year, Team Famous was proud to take part in The 
All Three Locations Open Today !! Make Sure To Stop By And Grab That Loved One A Christmas 
'Tis the season
And y’all thought Mariah was bad last year?! This is EPIC! Very me. 
Ho ho ho. Now I have a machine gun 
Enjoyed a festive Saturday. First, Party in the Park. 
Hometown Christmas Parade  entry meeting. Can’t wait until December 9th! Come join us at 11:00 AM. 
Holiday season is officially underway! 
See you in 3 hours for the 
There are just 48 hours left to help decorate our 
Have you made reservations for the 
: We are filming in 
You still have time! Stop by 
It’s beginning to look a lot like 
It's Day 1 of the 
 : The Royal Free Hospital Christmas tree is up! 
Almost sold out of my charity 
first batch of pigs in blankets ready for the freezer for the silly season! 
Christmas party outfit inspo from Jose on Match of the Day. Get in my 
 Xmas-Customers Notice 
> how did I miss this 
Be quick, the Terry’s Chocolate Orange McFlurry won’t hang around for long! 
Here we go, up loft for the Christmas tree 
You heard that right – "Christmas is Coming!"
Christmas night walk through London. 
To celebrate the holiday season and a great year of books, we are doing a 
Tuck in his new Santa’s Little helper pjs haha First time he’s had them on. More pics and videos of him in these this month till Christmas 
I'm more excited than Bella! 
Me and Tucker out checking out the light. He loves Christmas 
 Our festive menu is finally upon us!! 
Thrilled to see 
We won't be making a book tree out of our TBR books this year. 

We are making a forest. 
First Christmas dinner about to be consumed before we wave a friend off to Australia next week. Turkey and ham, I am. 
Good morning, December! Can we do the Christmas thing now without people telling us off?! 
The Bing Crosby vinyl is out, and that means the Christmas season is finally here 
Plans for today:
- Record an episode of 
Deck the halls with rows of bookshelves, fa la la la la! 
It is the season of advent! 
Happy December 1st!! 
MAGGIE’S CHRISTMAS MIRACLE on 
Can’t wait for you to see 
Come see me today at Pottery Barn Kids at the Avalon!!
Wow. Incredible. Talk about dream decorations. I. Love. Christmas!!! 
Starting to feel holiday spirit here at Lucid! 
It's day 2 of my 
THIS IS MAD CRAZY.... catch us on 
Merry Christmas everyone! I hope you all have a great day with plenty of laughs! 
Santa came to visit Burlais tonight at the Christmas fete 
A day early? 
Over 70% of our Sunday Cinema tickets are now SOLD! Be sure to grab your tickets now to avoid missing out on festive family. 


Saturday 6pm!

All we want for Christmas is our kick-ass Bella family! 
Cardiff has everything you need for the perfect Christmas - 
Enjoying the festive season.  
We re getting excited with Christmas in 5 weeks -> Looking for a venue to celebrate Christmas events or Christmas Day? 
Welcome to the NWL advent calendar! Meet Adele, her team talk to all our lovely customers who call, tweet & Facebook us about our water & wastewater services. They all want to wish you a very Happy Christmas!

Did you know the Christmas Tree that stands outside parliament is always from Kielder Forest? Look how beautiful it is! Spreading Christmas cheer all the way from Northumberland 
Make sure you're ready for 
It was my privilege to meet supporters this week who’d been nominated for 
: Day Three 
: Day Two 
Our Walton-le-Dale 
Henry Yates Thompson built the Palm House for "the benefit of the people of Liverpool" by buying your Christmas tree from us you are helping to ensure it will remain open & free to access, plus enable us to continue providing free or heavily subsidised events. Thank you 
Christmas trees on sale from 10.30am until 4pm tomorrow and Sunday (when we also have a free Sunday concert from 2pm til 4pm with refreshments on sale)
Look what has arrived! Christmas trees on sale from your Palm House 
Glasgow loves Christmas 
Will you be going to 
Merry Christmas from the Friends of Winckley Square! Enjoy our festive copy of the 'Twinckley Square Times' 
We're excited to announce the Winckley Square 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
one of our favourite festive date nights - checking out the Christmas trees (& supporting 
An homage to the Talus Dome? 
 | Magical Light Display tonight 
We've joined forces with 
Braving the cold for a great night seeing the 
The countdown to the Church Street Christmas tree switch on this evening by the Lord Mayor 
Mondays 
A healthy, beautiful & prosperous new month to y’all 
Its...

CHRISSSSSSSTMAAAAAAAAS! 


Looking to drop those extra Christmas pounds? 
HAPPY DECEMBER! 
Feeling totally festive after the loveliest Christmas party 
Have had an amazing 24hrs in Liverpool including opening the Christmas Grotto at 
 ONLY 1 DAY TO GO UNTIL SANTA'S CHRISTMAS PARTY 
It's December, which not only means it's Christmas this month but also our next event - the Christmas Stages Rally
 What's behind the Local Growth Hub 
Love this - these 5 European breaks will give you that festive feeling for sure! 
While anyone listens to WHAM Last Christmas 
Start getting into the Christmas spirit by rustling up some low fat, dairy free gingerbread biscuits. Let us know how you get on! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas here 
Date for your diary: 
Want to WIN tickets for our Christmas Concert
Fans of 
ALL. ANY. EVERY. 
 was amazing!! I’m in such a Christmassy mood now
 is nearly here! Only one more sleep! 
Coundtdown in on. Please could you give our leaflet a share want it to be an even bigger success than the last 2 we have held. Would very much appreciate it
There's so much to do and see in 
It's December! Our fantastic range of Christmas cards, fun stocking-fillers and unique gifts are available so you can start sending them out! 
Our new poster from 
Fact: The holidays officially start when our 
Our 1st tree! 
A huge thank you to all our exhibitors at tonight's Christmas Market.  Let the festivities begin ..... 
A big thank you to all of our fantastic exhibitors who are at 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas!  Looking forward to welcoming guests to our Christmas market this evening 
Christmas Golf Lesson Vouchers 
Merry Saturday Everyone 
Greater Hudson Valley Links 
Lining up Xmas decor 
Top floor group shot. ‘‘Tis the season
Savour the Flavours of Christmas! 
We’re counting down the 
Just 1 day till 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas #2 here at the 
It's beginning to SOUND a lot like Christmas! Hear Holly & Holiday Traditions now 
Such a fun day!! Making people happy one flight at a time. 
New blog up
This holiday season, donate a toy to a child in need! Visit our Wish Trees on the 1st (Info Desk) and 3rd Floors (ASUN office) for more information. 
 can be a 
TOMORROW: 
Win a VIP Package to see Amy and Vince at the Ryman December 13! 
We're giving away a VIP package to Christmas at the Ryman with 
Enter to win a VIP package to Christmas at the Ryman with 
 TIS THE SEASON YA'LL 
This incredible 
It's the first day of December, and Anne the Champagne Lady from 
Tis the season to be jolly, drink the bolly, kiss under the mistletoe … Oh 
Getting ready to decorate the Christmas 
To Do List:

1. Worry about tax-bill from hell that makes national debt soar;
2. Be pissed about growing list of sexual harassers in gvt  & secret hush-fund from hell paid by taxpayers.
3. Focus on Flynn & Russia, Russia, Russia;
4. Do stuff to get ready for Xmas
Super proud of the awesome job all of my Fashion Design Ss did on their handmade ornaments for our class Christmas 


O N L Y  2 7  D A Y S

          
Thanks for brewing up some fun at our place! 
It’s lit! 
Happy Holidays, Houston! 
**STREET CLOSURES** Mayor's 
Kick off the holiday season this weekend in 
Happening this Friday!

Mayor 
Looking for a fun holiday read? 
Looking for activities to celebrate the holidays with your littles? Let 
Happy December 1st y’all 
Now THAT'S a tree! 
Well it’s that time of year... who has their Christmas 
And it's officially the Christmas Season 
Had a beautiful day today in Ohio picking out our Christmas tree with 
HAPPY 1ST DECEMBER 
Had such a wonderful evening at the 
Get your house tip-top ready for those Christmas guests - for a chance to 
I know it's still technically only November. But..... *sings* 'it's beginning to look a lot like Christmas' 
We had the most amazing day today visiting @noahsarkzoobristol to experience the wonderful Christmassy things they have to offer. 
24 days to christmas 
We have a busy day ahead of us putting the Christmas Trees up in the castle! Cracking some Christmas tunes on and getting in the festive spirit. 
 On Thursday 7th December we are holding a Christmas Wreath Class & Lunch


Fantastic day for our first Christmas fair and what a turn out, thanks to all who made it so great. Also we raised just over £450 for 
The Christmas Fair is in full swing with free tours all day. Check out our insta stories for live updates 
All set up and ready to go 
Party season is almost upon us! Celebrate your annual get-together with friends, or the anticipated work Christmas party with us!
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas at The Gainsborough! 
Our Fratelli Christmas dinners are going down a treat tonight 
 Gift For You | Gift For Me 
December What's On in the Cairngorms out now. 
Plan your festivities and where to catch Santa! 
R&B/Soul Singer 
There's just one week to go to join us, 
‘Tis the season to ramble. 
Save the date! Our 7th Annual Holiday Ho-Down is happening December 6th. 
 is upon us! Pop along to Debbie and Mark's house on Windermere Crescent and enjoy their amazing lights raising money for 
Get in the Christmas spirit and pop along to the home of Debbie and Mark Scott at 14 Windermere Crescent, Worthing, BN12 6JY to see their amazing Christmas light display, raising money for Guild Care's dementia services. A display not to be missed 
 is underway for our 
Can you believe it's exactly one month until Christmas day?! Make sure you pick up our December issue (out now) for a run-down of all the festive fun in Lincoln next month! 
We're so excited about Christmas in Lincoln! The festivities are kicking off this evening with the Christmas light switch-on - will you be heading along? 
 It's baaaack and FREE to play. No matter how big or small your win may be we hope you have fun finding some top treats! 
What girl wouldn't want to be Cinderella this Christmas 
Christmas is coming! We've been decorating the tree in the entrance, thanks everyone who got involved 
A night to remember in the Garden Quarter of 
Lovely festive evening tonight MDing 
Albemarle Chorale presents their Christmas Concert. Get your Christmas spirit going with this great show! 
Looks good! 
Here are another FABULOUS group of students off to rehearse for the Christmas Season 
Our zoo family is 
 
Do 3 things this week to help or inspire a stranger

Wow what I first term it has been at 
To make your holiday bright, we're giving away top Indy experiences for the next 12 days. First up, win tix to 
i know i'm early but i couldn't help but decorate for my favorite holiday 
Make sure 'Everyday Is Christmas' is under your 
Caroling in the halls with the University Choir 
1st December and that means IT'S CHRISTMAS! 
VERY IMPORTANT QUESTIONS about A Christmas Prince 
We're doing 
Marley was dead: to begin with...
To me, those words signal the beginning of Christmas 
I am in bed with The Book Of Dust, a hot water bottle, and peppermint tea, and I'm excited because tomorrow is Christmas Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve!
I'm now offering 25% off in my Etsy store! Start your shopping today 
The countdown to Christmas has begun!  What do you hope to see under the Christmas tree this year? 
Happy Christmas 
A3 Head to our Christmas Shopping evening at the National Army Museum next Wednesday!
So we made a Christmas Single! Money donated goes to homeless charities, people who’ll have nowhere to call home this Christmas. I’m counting on my book friends to RT so that we can share this as far and wide as possible. Thanks. Let’s all make a difference this Christmas 
Anyone else got a furry friend ‘helping’ with your 
Never mind the mulled wine I’m enjoying 
It’s December which means it’s officially the countdown to Christmas! 
Psssst... the Christmas bandanas have landed! We have tonnes of designs & as with the bows, there's everything from the traditional to the quirky 
Credit where it's due for this inspired idea though I'm going with actual Tunnocks Teacakes and red ribbon. 
Get your tickets for Christmas dances from Monday in the pupil area! S1-2 Tue 19th, S3-4 20th Wed, S5-6 21th Thur! 
Order a little mouse fairy or prince & we can add an attachment so they can hang on your Christmas tree 
What’s super-cute, spins and makes the perfect stocking stuffer?
The Christmas tree is still standing. But all the jingle balls and snowflakes are not within my reach anymore. 
Day 12 of the 12 Days of Christmas Fayre Countdown 
I’ve had a lovely Christmassy afternoon wearing my Xmas jumper, listening to 
Lots of happy helpers from 
HRI|Munro 
Good morning everyone! It's the second of December which means it's 2nd day of the resilience 

Who's ready for Christmas tunes?! Let's ho ho go! 

Share your favourite Christmas tunes 
**PLEASE SHARE**
Our December theme is looking thoroughly festive! Featuring 
 hi, hope you are well! Given you are a 
Don’t miss out on our festive round-up of the best outfits and things to do this season – excitement ensured 
It’s almost December and we’re feeling festive 
Tim Vine Travels In Time Christmas Special 
Our Wellbeing Centre has turned festive! Every weekend from Sunday, the centre will be showing Christmas movies and providing festive drinks and snacks. This will run every Wednesday afternoon and Sunday evening and is open to patients and their families 
A staggering £2,600 plus from Christmas Bazaar 
The Chicago Christmas Ship is here at the Pier! Get a FREE tour of the ship tomorrow from 1-3 pm, then head over to 
Nope mine has been up since last weekend 25th Nov, kids love it 
 POLL TIME! Is it too early to be putting up the Christmas tree? 
Who's tucked into their fairtrade 
Started the month and my weekend well with a chocolate advent, thank you 
Christmas decs poised, festive jumpers lined up and a playlist full of jingle bells standing by. December, we're ready!

Help us fill tomorrow's playlist and tell us your all-time favourite Christmas songs. Go on, throw in some guilty pleasures too! 
Our customers rave about Cinque Ports' Yorkshire puddings! Please call to reserve your Sunday lunch on 01843 269431
 It's the 1st of December! 
 Happy 1st of December to all Brookes Staff across university! In the spirit of 
Your Christmas tree may play an integral role to your Christmas decor. But have you ever wondered what place trees and woodland have in British Art? Check out our research here: 
My smart, funny, sexy novel makes a great gift! 
There is something so festive about new historical romances 
We like to spoil you at Christmas 
 Trying to add some 
It all starts now The 
Catch me tonight at the 
Christmas trees are back this year at Hoots. Open for business 12-7 daily, come get 'em while they're hot! 
Non-League Advent Calendar day three 
Beginning to feel a lot like 
 poem postcards are now fully restocked in time for 
 reunited! Team dinner at 
Join us with

We present to you “Last Christmas”! 
Get the track tonight at 9pm PT on 
BIRMINGHAM! 
To do: Find unique Christmas gifts at the 
Well it is Christmas 
Looking forward to this on Thursday night... 
Christmas art work for display at Bentley library 
If you were involved in the cancelled Heaven On Earth tour, please can you e-mail your contact details to 
Wishing all pupils, parents, staff, governors and 
WANTED! Entertainment acts for an Xmas dinner at a homeless drop in 
Yo Exeter! We're having a Tweet Up on Thursday, Christmas style. RSVP & share the love  
When we are creating atmosphere to christmas
There's still time to enter Day One of our 
It's beginning to look a little bit like 
Have you discovered our Christmas storybook? Full of wonderful tales of gifts that have spanned the years, enter your own story for the chance to win £250 
 comes and goes, but the magical memories stay with us forever. Here, Paul and Jenna share their story of Paul’s recreation of the 12 days of Christmas for their first wedding anniversary. Enter your own story for the chance to win £250: 
We're humbled to see 
Big announcement!! I'm doing a solo show at 
Happy 1st December! Keep your eyes peeled for an exciting festive giveaway starting soon
The exclusive design of 
 How to make your Xmas parties extra special 
Strong, courageous, inspiring - our line of duty families continue to amaze me. We can never repay them for their sacrifice, but we promise to always honor them and their loved ones. Thank you to the 
Our team is very busy getting these donkeys ready for your Christmas Tree 
Green, red and white
Our first Christmas market of the year at the stunning Cheltenham Ladies College 
Such an honor having The 
A top city to visit this holiday season? We couldn't have said it better ourselves, 
Johnny on the Street stole the office Christmas Tree! 
1 way to treat a loved one this Christmas with a 30 or 60 minute gift voucher from mend therapy
Struggling for gift ideas this Christmas? How about a 30 or 60 minute deep tissue, remedial or sports massage for your loved ones 
Holy Cross Athletics is kicking off the holiday 
The countdown begins - who's already finished their Christmas shopping?! 
We're open from 12 today with gifts for all the family (pets included) and delicioushot chocolate in our café
Lovely festive smell of pine here at RED MILLS with top quality Christmas trees now available and €2 from the sale of each tree going to local charity Protecting Pound Dogs 
It’s my favorite time of the year! 
When you’re doing some long-overdue work on yourself but you also decide you deserve a treat.
(This is 
Oh my goodness, Christmas is around the corner! 
Get into the Christmas spirit with us! We'll be 
 The wait is over! My jazz trio and I are bringing a special holiday program to my fave Houston… 
 Well I am already in the throes of Holiday Cheer over here, and am thrilled to host my own… 
 Tomorrow my jazz trio and I are bringing a special holiday program to my fave Houston… 
 Bringing the guys with me to Winflo in a couple weeks to do our special Holiday Concert in… 
Great show tonight, 
Tickets are still available for this year's 
Don't forget we have 3 different shows for 
Y'all need to taste this sh*t it is WAY more dangerous than crack I have been in the TJ all month like WHERE TF IS MY 
It's a busy time around Cliveden now and not just in the garden. Our committed volunteers have started preparing Christmas decorations for the estate. Very soon we'll see twinkling lights and dazzling baubles hanging in the trees 
Kribmas pre sale tickets were on sale 12hours yesterday and damn near sold out. Tomorrow general admission tickets go on sale & ya bet not go out sad.  Y’all better cop them tickets 
Meet the SWFRS safety elf who’s checking lights before putting the decs up this weekend - have you checked yours? 
Our Christmas Tree is up in the main foyer. Thank Mayor Norman. 
Merry Christmas, you filthy animals!! 
The Downtown St. John's Christmas Parade Is A Go! 
Not JUST a 
Good evening, San Francisco. 
Tis the season!
Holiday Promo Shoot 
Who’s getting decorations up today?! 
Use code MERRY to enjoy 25% off EVERYTHING! 
THIS WEEKEND: Santa will be in Midtown for 36th Annual Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta Christmas Parade on Saturday, Dec. 2. Parade kicks off at Peachtree St. & 16th St. at 10:20 a.m. Vehicles left on the parade route will be towed. More info: 
Ya'll.. it's really December 
Beyond excited for Thursday night!! 
And they off! The 
We're getting in the holiday spirit at the USA Triathlon National Office! 
New Zealand is causing Santa a world of confusion.
It’s Christmas time in 
I’m so excited! It’s 
ITS CHRISTMAS NEXT MONTH 
December issue out TOMORROW!
G enjoyed his breakfast this morning! Anyone else cracked open their 
! So excited to announce I'll be joining 
Today is the last day to purchase Nights of a Thousand Candles at a $2 discount! You can purchase online until midnight. Questions, call ShowClix at 888-718-4253. 
We have a treat for all those on the naughty list this year
Until 15th Dec, we join fab female empowering brands in 
We hope to see you all there! 
We still have a few remaining spaces available for our 
Our 12 Days of Christmas Giveaways starts today! 
Christmas 
It’s THAT time of year 
Want to learn how to decorate like a 
Ready to get festive, L.A.? 
 Holiday attire needed for decorating! 
Happy bday to my baby boyfriend 
You all made it feel like Christmas at The Grove last week! 
Yay! 
Us when December 1st hits! Do you like our 
Benny and 
Let's celebrate all the fantastic local businesses who make 
Our Wellbeing Centre has turned festive! Every weekend from Sunday, the centre will be showing Christmas movies and providing festive drinks and snacks. This will run every Wednesday afternoon and Sunday evening and is open to patients and their families 
What a CAN-tastic three days! Thank you to all our fabulous 
 Winchester! Here's your first day of our video advent series 
They’re on! And 
Our team are installing the 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
Brownies delivered for tomorrow’s 
Christmas grazing menu goals at 
Come say hello at our pop-up stall at the Belfast Christmas Market! 
Visit your local Oxfam to find that perfect unexpected gift this year, and spread a little hope to people who need it the most 
 Oxfam's Fill Your Own crackers on 
Are Christmas cards a dying tradition?  
Exciting news...

Have you got your tickets yet? Book now at 
 Year 7 and Year 8 Christmas Disco 
Get festive with us next week for our 
Come and see us tomorrow in Hays Galleria  from 11am where we shall be selling all things Christmas! Excited for 
Tacocat closed their 
Day 3 
Day 2 
The countdown has begun! Be sure to check the FairTrade 
Rockin around the 
 Mandy’s Christmas countdown 
News flash: Celebrate advent with 
One month to go... 
When you realise there's only FIVE WEEKS until 
 
Video coming Friday. Song available TOMORROW in The Christmasaurus: The Musical Edition. 
playing a bunch of holiday radio shows this december!!
 are here! Bringin' you hot deals all month long 
Purchase select mattress sets & get a FREE adjustable base OR choose to gift a FREE mattress to a loved one. 

The countdown to Christmas has officially begun! 
Happy 1st of December, folks. The season may be over, but we have plenty of 
The Cast of A Christmas Carol. 
SNEAK PEEK: 

Next week we’ll hear from 
Race on over to 
ICYMI: Taylor's Instagram Story for 
*Plays Mariah’s Christmas hits* Off out dancing tonight? Perhaps some shopping (of the Christmas variety) tomorrow? Here’s what you need to know. 

  Thanks to everyone in Meadow Well, North Shields, for putting up with my Scottishness.  Managed not to electrocute myself!!  
I just want to start my Christmas shopping already 
 reads The Night Before Christmas 
HAPPY DAY! Tomørrow I am posting exclusive clothing for sale. It is 
Christmas is coming! Feeling Festive in 
The very best makeup and skincare products to gift the beauty obsessive in your life this Xmas 
It’s the Mayhew Christmas 
DECORATING OUR HOUSE FOR CHRISTMAS 
Soooo Alex & I recently decorated our house for Christmas and we vlogged it annnnd that vlog is going up at 4pm today!! 
It's day two of 
IT'S THE 1ST OF DECEMBER!!
I'm honestly so excited to watch everyone's Vlogmas videos!! Eeeeek
Merry Christmas 
About to watch The Holiday 
Happy 1st December!! To celebrate we thought we'd share this with you!
Our lovely Festive Bird Decorations have started going up on the 
Starting today at 
Tudors waited until New Year’s Day before dishing out Christmas presents
Our medieval ancestors didn't decorate their homes until Christmas Eve 

As for modern Britain, most us will turn our Christmas lights on today! 
We surveyed the country and found that 77% of people think that the festive season is not complete without Christmas lights! 
70% of people we surveyed agreed that it was nice to pass on Christmas decorations as a family heirloom! Do you have any treasured decorations? 
A huge thanks to 
Not only is it 
Tonight! Big Christmas Light Switch On in Ashton-in-Makerfield 
On the lookout for donations this 
It’s the most wonderful time of the year 
It’s the 1st December! 
Who's got that festive Friday feeling? 
Happy 1st December. Tree going up this weekend? 
 from 
Snowed in? Snow problem. Sometimes you want a quiet holiday with your nearest and dearest, and we’ve got just the 
'Tis the Season 
Happy December ! It’s the start of 
Make your home even more inviting this festive season.
Excellent festive gifting for others; 
- 
Tomorrow we'll be revealing the first in a series of Egmont Christmas surprises 
Tomorrow we'll be launching a very special Egmont Christmas competition 
We've got some presents sitting under the Egmont Christmas tree 
Some people look forward to seeing friends/family for the holidays when they return home to Chicago. That is great and all but I mostly look forward to eating 
Turn your holiday lights off before leaving home or going to bed. 
Dont miss out on the 35th Annual Belmont Shore Christmas 
Hooyah! Great to have the 
I'm on pines and needles 
A look behind the scenes at the crew setting up the 
Get your festive first look at the special 
For you & whoever else is in LA tomorrow 
Make it a special Christmas for the Reds in your life 
Why yes, I came out in my Rudolph sweater and furry vest. Bundle up, if you're coming to the 
Need stocking stuffer ideas? Our holiday cocktail gummies make the perfect (and tasty) gift 
December is here! Let the holiday festivities commence 
Getting in the holiday spirit... 
Spreading holiday cheer! 
*EXCITING FESTIVE NEWS* This year's special guest for our Christmas Lights Switch On is Great British Bake Off favourite, 
The largest Christmas Tree
Thank you to Flo Atkins 
Christmas came early for me this year! 
I'm bad at self-promotion, but FYI: Everything in my 
This evening is our first Late Night Shopping event. Locally-made, handcrafted gifts will be available from Middleport Studios , 
Stunning pics! 
*singing* "Alllll I Want For Christmas Issssss Yoooooooooooouuuuuuuuuu!"

Happy 1st of December everyone! 
Heading out for some Christmas shopping at 
 In a 
 Good fun filming for the 
Superb evening of football, huge thanks to all who made it despite the traffic. Enjoy the festive break, we will see you all in 2018 
 Grab a unique personalised gift for a Latics fan this Christmas!

Full range 
 Happy 
 Hawk performing in-store at 2pm TODAY. Don't miss out! Mulled wine, mince pies and chocolate for all in attendance. Oh, and some lovely live music too! 
Real or Fake? You decide! 
23 days until Christmas, but who’s counting? I’ve got your wish list all ready for you legends 
Tonight's the night! Get your hot chocolate and candy canes ready & tune into 
London before snow: "we shall not flinch in this fight against fascism"
London after snow: "OMG SNOW 
Preparations under way for the 
Our December schedule is packed with cinematic treats! Please RT and let us know what you're most excited to see. 
TODAY! Get along to 
So excited to see you all at 
So excited to see you in December!! 
Merry Christmas and happy holidays to everyone!!
Gonna be lit 
The children and the staff looked amazing this morning. Happy Christmas from BPS 
Enjoying a wonderful Christmas service
Merry Christmas from the millers
We're gonna have ALL of the festive treats, gifts and food at 
Decking the halls 
Brilliant Brass Band here 
Gift wrapping service by 
All set up inside 
It's beginning to smell a lot like Christmas! 
Lots of 
Every weekend the 
It's the 1st of December and we are feeling super Christmassy at 
LIONS CHRISTMAS DRINKS | 
 Christmas break:

The main training groups will be off for Xmas for weeks commencing 18th Dec & 25th Dec inclusive. This falls in line approximately with schools. 

IMPORTANT- seniors, performance athletes & Hants XC athletes should contact their coaches to confirm plans
Y5 have a Christmas themed game ready for you to play at our Christmas fayre. See you at 1pm
To round off the first week of Christmas stories 
Day 3 of Christmas Stories 
It's the first day of Christmas Stories 
We're about to unwrap Christmas Stories & Activities 2017...
First time getting our own Christmas 
Nashville’s Christmas Tree Lighting 
So impressed by 
This is your Christmas Tree, 
Fr Xmas officially lights the tree on Chorlton Green before we burst into song! Thanks 
 | Hibernian Chief Executive Leeann Dempster talks about the plans of 'Edinburgh Cheer', a goodwill campaign launched earlier today in partnership with Heart of Midlothian, the Edinburgh Evening News and NHS Lothian to help Edinburgh become the Capital of Goodwill
 HAPPY DECEMBER 1st!  
We'll have other offers on in the run-up to Christmas
Out campaigning in Mcr City Centre to keep it Labour in the 2018 Local Elections! Fantastic festive reception from local residents!! 
I had a wonderful time at the Fallowfield Christmas Lights switch on last night with the 
Our regional organiser for the South West Adie Baker is meeting with our 
 is wholly unacceptable in 2017 
Gift a buddy this awesome twosome this festive season – A 6-pack of Hopped Apple Soda from 
On The Hotlist: Top December Events, Dining, Style & Travel: 
Fantastic day for our first Christmas fair and what a turn out, thanks to all who made it so great. Also we raised just over £450 for 
The Christmas Fair is in full swing with free tours all day. Check out our insta stories for live updates 
All set up and ready to go 
Chances are that Douglas fir in your living room wasn’t grown locally. 
Always enjoy sorting out & overseeing the Christmas Tree 
Day 2 of DEFEND's 10 days of Christmas!

DECEMBER 2nd (Midnight to midnight U.K. Time)
Free shipping on Ringer Shirts!

Merry Christmas everyone! 
 Christmas Turnaround and Postal dates are now live! 
 PHOTOS: First Christmases in the White House: From Kennedy to Trump 
Keep looking this week and next for our advent countdown! 

Memories from Field Day over the years and christmas treats 
Dec 2nd, our second Field Day Advent Countdown! 
Happy December 1st 
Hampstead is crammed with Christmas Fun today!

Discover all the best bits of 
 In a choir? Looking for 
Christmas Memory Cafe 
Break a leg to the fantastic cast of our biggest EVER pantomime! Peter Pan at the Grand Opera House opens today! 
Did you know that your 
Festive fun & 
 With Christmas coming up, there will be some changes to our Box Office opening hours. You can check them online 
Happy 1st December!  Here’s the perfect way to get into the mood for Christmas 
 BOOK  for 
Stocking up for Christmas 
Xmas Events Selling Fast!! Book Your Night Out! 
Happy 1st of December!

It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas at Buckingham Palace – see the final look next week. 
Our Production Manager’s dog Tia is in the festive spirit! Happy 1st December everyone 
Lovely 
When a bookworm puts up a Christmas tree...


I've had some beers and I'm listening to Sufjan Christmas while I walk home. I'm not sorry about it either 
Ho Ho Hi! 
Deep breath...

FINAL rehearsal for 
We’re counting down to Xmas with a 
To celebrate the festive period, we'll be counting down the days 'til Christmas, and posting 24 of our favourite songs for the season
Welcome to the team to our new mascot! Head to our Facebook on Monday to help name her! She loved helping turn on the Melksham Christmas lights 
DAY 3 of our Digital Advent Calendar today's prize is a Paletta of your choice from the menu + a soft drink from 
It's the 
DAY 2 of our Digital Advent calendar & today you could win a Crepe in a jar + a sugar Crepe courtesy of 
It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas at Whisper HQ! 
Thinking of celebrating Christmas with colleagues and friends whilst also holding a conference? 
A series of Christmas lunches will be available throughout the whole of December, in the build-up to another exciting festive season here at 
Thank you for coming! We had a great morning at the Christmas Fayre!! 
Nice afternoon at the West SDA HQ in Hamilton for 
NEW: One Year Blog Anniversary 
Make sure to read today's Blogmas post! It's a gift guide for her! 
Welcome Home Peggy! Bringing Home My Kitten 
Blogmas Day 1 – Student Friendly Christmas Ideas 
My Christmas Gift Guide is now up! 
 to last weekend’s festive fun day out taking part in the 
Have you looked at our latest 
Last chance to order your tickets for the 
It's nearly Christmas! If the countdown is stressing you out, look no further for a cool pressie! 
Find the perfect holiday 
Be quick, the Terry’s Chocolate Orange McFlurry won’t hang around for long! 
It’s been 22 years that I’ve been opening Camera boxes..... And I’m still as excited even today!! Thank you 
If you don’t think it’s “too early” for Festive Music, here’s our DiSmas playlist. What’s missing? 
Proud to be part of this year’s 
The tree is up! Christmas countdown is on 
Listen to Freshly Unwrapped Holiday on 
Another great year at the 
Forgot about Stir-Up Sunday? Granny Munro has you covered 
Good morning folks! It's the last day of FINE, so if you haven't made it down to see us yet this is your last chance! Marischal Quad 12-8.30, we look forward to seeing you 
Over 5000 people visited FINE today! Thank you so much to everyone who came along, showcasing incredible producers from in and around Aberdeen is such a pleasure. In case you haven't made it along yet we're open tomorrow from 12-8.30 
Now the prelims are over it is Christmas Concert time! 
Great playing from the 
Junior Vocal Group runs Monday lunchtimes in Miss McGlynn's room (33A). There's still time to join and perform in our Xmas Concert! 
Happy December 1st Everyone ! Look what we have coming up 
On the first day of Christmas 
Great stripes and nice gem placement. Thank you Myles (No 1, not No 2). 
Sending tonnes of Christmas cheer and happiness back to you all 
It's 1st December and time for our festive 
All ready for tomorrows Christmas fayre at 1.30. The nursery children have been helping to make reindeer food. 50p each.
Christmas Party season has arrived! 
Looking for a festive outing? Tickets to 

It's cold & dark..... 
No, we don't mean Winter, we mean our Christmas Mocha Porter - Festive Star 
Taproom open 4-8pm today with more treats than Santa could supply! 
We are welcoming back 
The most wonderful month of the year is here! 
In doing a festive 
Loads of festive fun to be had down at 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas. 
The most wonderful time of the year is upon us, which means 
Roarsome! 
It’s beginning to feel a lot like Christmas 
So today, the tree goes up! 
There goes our day 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
Only three more days until we do our Christmas Tree giveaway draw! You godda be in it to win it!! 
And we can't wait!! 
 Breakfast With Santa 
Change in time to Fridays child protection course now starting at 18:30 so yes you will be home in time 
You’re never too old to get most excited about waking up to a stocking 
The maximalist trend that has been dominating the interiors world 
The legendary Mayfair institution 
Why go organic this Christmas? Guy Watson from 
Start the festive season in style with Charlton House! 
If you're looking for some new ideas for an 
Our first Christmas tree is up! Sneak peek at the goodies decorating Team 
It’s beginning to look a lot like... 
 It’s December, and time for our 
It's day 2 of our 
Here it is! The first present in our 
We're getting festive 
My latest piece for 
 XMAS SLACKER PARTY ON SALE NOW! 
The tree is up, we have helped 
 With less than a month till Christmas, there is a golden opportunity to catapult your business ahead of the competition. Find out the best tactics to skyrocket your sales this silly season 
Thanks for making our album launch party at The Victoria so special! If you want to see us at KOKO in the New Year and pre-order our debut album, check out these bundles to get them both for a special price: 
We would love to see you at our 
Our Love in a Box 
Is it too early to mention Christmas shopping yet? Take a peek at our gift guide > 
Help support the children of Corazon de Vida Foundation this Holiday season 
these wonderful characters...especially at such a magical time of year! 
Elf on a shelf 
 put something under my tree 
Spend a magical christmas at 
 She’s here! Join 
HOW NOT TO MAKE A GINGERBREAD MAN!

Hair by 
We’re just a few steps away from the 
Who’s getting decorations up today?! 
Use code MERRY to enjoy 25% off EVERYTHING! 
All ready for Christmas now! 
Oh Christmas tree, oh Christmas tree! Celebrate the season with the perfect tree from a 
Towns all across 
Learn how to pick the perfect 
Have a festive and fun filled weekend with Etsy Made Local. Full event info here: 
Love Christmas shopping almost as much as the big day with Etsy Made Local. Full info: 
Just listed ... 
Be a holiday hero with our Black Friday offer. 
Only 23 
It's Beginning to look like 
Counting down the days until: 

Whenever I see a stream with Christmas decorations I just hear in my head... 

ITS BEGINNING TO LOOK A LOT LIKE CHRISTMASSSS 
PS4 PRO / Astro A40 TR / NightHawk Giveaway!!!
Now it's December, who is putting their Christmas tree up this weekend? We love all the decorations in 
Make Christmas shopping easy with the Princesshay Gift Card 
We are sending $100 to everyone who retweets this! 

Comment your PayPal

Happy Early Christmas 
Show some support to 
 Treat yourself this Christmas to an awesome 
Had a fab time at our 16-25 Mencap Youth Club yesterday 
Tis the season to be jolly, drink the bolly, kiss under the mistletoe … Oh 
ITS DECEMBER!
My 
Countdown to Christmas has finally begun with 
Erin & Kayla are getting into the holiday spirit. This is one 
WE TRIPLE DOG DARE YOU to join us for the ultimate holiday favourite - ‘A Christmas Story’

Friday, December 1st, 2017
Doors at 7pm + film at 8pm
ONLY $5 + a non-perishable food donation

Join us for games, eats, beers, prizes & a whole lotta Christmas!
Christmas season is here! 
All ready to go at 
 let’s get all your holiday shopping done in one stop! Come visit us 
It's true - we will be there! See you at the 
It was a great day celebrating the holiday season at our employee family party. 
Ennis-killin it- how good does the 
Looking forward to Carols by Candlelight again this year 
Our Christmas lights 
"Them Christmas drink feels, love this time of year... 
Want a preview of one of our artists performing at our Introducing Christmas event?
For the first time in ten years I'm feeling festive, and that's because of this Christmas cracker of an event happening in a couple of weeks that I'll be playing at! 
T-T-Teessiders. Get to our Christmas Party in Stockton on Dec 8th. This is who we got for you... 
 IT'S CLUE CHRISTMAS! 
We have the most beautiful 
‘Tis the season here at 
Big cheers for a brilliantly lit tree!
Words fail me! The Ringo Starr of the glockenspiel on the far left there... 
One of the best line ups, one of ths best posters. 
 is coming to 
Notable Children’s Books of 2017 
We’ve had a wonderful time at the 
Join us in December!
Just a week til our Christmas Hacks event at 
ONLY FOUR MORE SATURDAYS LEFT UNTIL CHRISTMAS 
The Year Without Santa Claus is one of my very favorite Christmas movies. 
Why yes, we'll take the Fraser Fir 
Keep our elephant family safe this Christmas 
My heartbeat 
Featuring 
Russell Westbrook and his 
The Christmas tree wasn’t the only spectacular thing to see.  The amazing turnout of Auxiliaries at the 85th annual Christmas Tree Lighting was a spectacular sight too. 
Planning on watching the 
Stupid pre-lit Christmas tree! One section out, really? I think Christmas hates me. 
 Would love for you to download this new Christmas song I recently wrote and let me know what you think!!
Moët and Chandon makes the perfect Christmas gift for wine lovers. $49.99. 
 Tour begins in just 2 days! 
 Tour begins in 2 days! 
Check your emails for our December Newsletter! Not there? Then visit 
Hello December from @freshlybrewedcountry 
T'was the night before 
Get lit with Holiday Lights 
On the 1st day of Trymas, the Try Guys gave to me...
Joining us for 
The excitement of December 1st is too much in 
Christmas is coming!! 
Not sure what to get the person who has everything? We are here to help... let them pick the perfect present with a Bridges gift card!
Just 2 weeks until 
A BRAND NEW Festive Afternoon Tea hits Seaham Hall tomorrow! 
 check out some of the treats on offer from 
You know 
 Sunderland Digital Christmas Trivia Night! Join us for festive music, mince pies and a tipple or two. Over £200 worth of prizes to be won! Wed 20 Dec at 
Aaand...it’s up!!! 
**Competition time**
It's beginning to look lovely and festive in our offices in The Old Pub! It was even snowing as we decorated the tree 
It's the 1st December so our 
Feeling flamboyant? Explore our unconventional decorations for a tree that will turn heads this Christmas 
Pinch, punch, first of the month! Happy 1st of December, Trouva community
When you've already decorated your 
Advent calendars at the ready - it's December! 
Turning on 
Really looking forward to this weekends 
We are watching the stall holders setting up now. Looks like it's going to be a fun evening at 
What can be more festive than a cup of Pact's Christmas blend?  Get in the festive spirit and get your hands on a bag, available now on the Pact shop! 
Who says November is to early to get into the Xmas mood? 
Snow is falling. Bring 4x4’s 
Tis' the season to get merry big. Catch the best new bands first at 
We are so excited to be fundraising 
It’s tonight! Come see us performing at the 
Now here are several reasons to visit Leeds Market today! 
We can't believe it's already December 1st! Get in the holiday spirit with 
Don’t forget to tune in tonight for 
When December hits and the season of goodwill begins... 
The advent starts here - join us! 
We are now into the grog season - feeling festive! 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
Fab night at the wreath making masterclass tonight thank you  
Thank you and good luck for tonight! 
Christmas has arrived 
Happy December Eve! 
Tis the season to for eating, drinking, dancing and being merry. 
It officially Mulled Wine season! 
We have been busy making Christmas themed retro explosion boxes. These make a fab Xmas present for everyone 
Another day closer to Christmas! What’s your favourite Christmas song? (Comment below) 
Happy 1st December!
Happy 1st December 
Excited to be performing Live at the Wrexham Xmas Light Switch On this Thursday 7pm
Discover festive finds and designer dresses (other clothes too) at our Christmas shopping event next thurs 23rd from 7.30pm see you there 
OUR CHRISTMAS FAIR HAS ARRIVED 
Here we go again! Christmas Hamper Bingo session 2 about to begin! So grateful for all your wonderful donations
’s down it’s a full house for Xmas Hamper Bingo session 1
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas!  The Elves have been busy tonight! 
Xmas is just around the corner & time is running out to get a FREE Y Not jumper when you buy a 2018 ticket. 
 Thank you from FOYMI to all parents, children and staff who supported our Christmas Fair 
Honest opinions - when is it acceptable to put up your Christmas tree? 
It's December! Time for our 
 JOIN THE BRADFORD BULLS FOUNDATION FOR CHRISTMAS CAROLS.

Details 
Pop in to our afternoon Noël concert, 1pm, St. Ann's, on Saturday 9th! Festive fun for all the family 
We’ll be singing in the atrium of the lovely 
Chanced upon a lovely Christmas craft market on my walk through 
Fill your stockings right up! 
Yes some 
Buy now while you still can! 
Just 3 Friday’s till our big Christmas concert! 
London's Heart Breakfast team photo with our Christmas winners Elizabeth, Emma and Sophia! Lots of thoughtful gifts for all 
When you wake up & realize it's one week today till 
A little mention in the 
Yay! :) Glad to be spreading that Christmas spirit. 
Ready, set, BAKE! Don't miss today's Christmas baking special featuring traditional favourites and new creations from Mary Berry, Nigella Lawson, Yotam Ottolenghi, Indy Power, Donal Skehan and cover star Simon Delaney 
It’s December and Christmas 
Its beginning to look a lot like.....
Delighted to head back to 
tree ordered 
Wish we could go back 24 hours and enjoy 
It's just not Xmas until you hear it... 
We're not all perfect, but we can all be sound. 
Happy Dec 1st everyone! If you're planning your Christmas shopping over the coming weeks include picking up a copy of 
When you realise the 
One of the best yet. Welcome home Sgt Burke! 
So delighted to be part of the 
Christmas has officially arrived to Surrey Hills Park!! 
CHRISTMAS COMPETITIONS! 
 Come and see me 
 & Mrs Claus are chilling out at 
Kicking off the festive season with the Christmas party for 300 local senior citizens! Looking forward to lots of music and dancing later 
Carols by Candlelight Wed 13th Dec 6-8pm in aid of St. Francis Hospice 
What a jaysus gorgeous Christmas treat from 
What a great image of an epic night in 
The English Dept 
Tomorrow we'll launch our farm safety advent calendar
It's only 4 weeks today until Christmas! 
One month today will be Christmas Day
Speculation of a national turkey shortage ...
Order one our farm fresh turkeys today 
We are now taking orders for our Turkeys and Cockerels 
A reminder that our Christmas Market is taking place tomorrow 
Sort out all of your Christmas card needs 
Death Duty storms home in style for 
The brilliant 
Getting your Christmas Tree this weekend? 
Delighted to welcome our hardworking Minister for State at the Department of Transport, Tourism & Sport Brendan Griffin 
We've kicked off our stage in 
I had the best weekend performing at the Fordingbridge and Wandsworth Town Christmas Lights! I hope you like this video I made!
Feeling rather festive with the tree on top of Langan's iconic entrance 
Where else would you rather be this festive season? 
Christmas is just around the corner, and it won't be long before we close for the holidays from the 18th of December.  
Clapham Common’s first ever ice rink, UV-powered crazy golf, rides, 
Get there early 2avoid disappointment. Santa will be there. 
Today's alum Christmas 
Introducing our limited edition Cheese and Branston Mince Pies by Lily Vanilli 
Superb info graphic - Merry Christmas 
Great bit of marketing from 
November's coming to an end (
Happy 1st of December you lot!
Struggling on what to buy everyone this Christmas? Then not to fear, our gift guide is here!
 Smugglers Records Xmas Shindig – Cocos Lovers 
 Send in your own Round Robin letters & they might be included in our production 
Oh my goodness, Christmas is around the corner! 
Cozy up with 
I’m going to NYC for one final time as 
 MERRY CRIMBO 
We stacked the line up on this one! 
Looks like the Circus Street Christmas elves have been hard at work in the office overnight! 
6 days left to secure tickets to 
1st Day of Christmas w/ 
good morning! 
This will get you all in the 
Christmas spirit 
Going to celebrate that milestone by being deeply hungover from Thursdays 
SAT 9th DEC
Who do you wish you were watching The 
COMPETITION
Yet to get your Christmas Tree? Why not get one from us, details in the photo! 100% of profits going to Peter McVerry Trust! 
 arrived
Festive atmosphere in a full swing here at 
Meet 
Our secrets out .... !! The unbelievably talented , Irish duo 
A massive thanks to Chrisy Kavanagh of 
Y’all in for a treat this Christmas 
A USW Christmas story... 
Lovely Christmas tree 
DUSK TIL' DAWN
 This one is easy! 
 Let's open the 2nd door! 
 Happy Holiday Season 
Say goodbye to festive fatigue and hello to mulled negronis, free daily film screenings and festive feelings on tap at 
Make Merry - Christmas Gifts 
The giant Christmas tree 
Happening today at 1.00pm in our 
It’s almost here - Christmas Market in our school 
DECEMBER is here and that means one thing.. 
Annual Christmas Craft Fair Sat 2nd Dec 12noon-3pm
Excited for 
Jingle’s 1st voluntary duty will be helping Audrey with our stand in the Board room. Pop along and have a selfie with him 
We also have a gift for you... a free 5 day pass! Any non-members are welcome to come try out our facility for 5 days just pick up your pass at reception! 
 thought he would join in the countdown to Christmas 
Want to win £500 to spend at 
Ho! Ho! Ho! It's Christmas 
REMINDER
Our tree is looking a bit Seussian after its hibernation. 
Carlow parking arrangements for 
Who 
It's beginning to look a lot like... 
Come and see me 
A great day, thank you to one and all for making it so special 
Snow is falling, Entrepreneurs all around me, having fun - HAPPY STARTUP EVERYONE!
'Tis the season - happy Xmas all. Enjoy the festivities and look after each other 
Great gift ideas here in good time for 
Love to see Limerick city centre alive this holiday season! 
Centenary would make a very fine Christmas 
Dec 1
So ready for 
Not long to go... we'll be releasing info on all the super food&drink offerings this week
We're excited to be back, this Sunday 3rd December for our last market of 2017! Are you coming? 
We all want to gift special presents that'll be cherished at Christmas, don't we?
We're getting ready for the festive season, come along to one of our fab family events before Christmas and try something new! 
Always a pleasure to catch up with the 
We've put together a list of all the festive fun you can have across 
1 more sleep! Please come and join us for lots of festive fun 
To enter the competition simply place an order of £50 or above via the web store throughout December (more lines added this weekend)... 
 please play 
Get your Christmas socks ready for 6 December and share a 
Pre-order 
This Christmas, let the sprouts take centre-stage 
Your ultimate Christmas dinner guide is here 
The Downtown St. John's Christmas Parade Is A Go! 
About to get started in the 
Congratulations & Bravo to @holyfamilysch02 's "Foli" on your performance at 
Just look at 
Congratulations and Bravo to Clarenville High School Chamber Choir on your performance at the 
Keep an eye out for 
Dancing at one of our favourite concerts of the year, the RCMP Janeway Christmas concert !! 
 Save the Date! It’s our 
'Tis the season! Come see 
The excitement is building for tomorrow’s staff Children’s Christmas Party! The kids are going to have a blast! 
To Do List:

1. Worry about tax-bill from hell that makes national debt soar;
2. Be pissed about growing list of sexual harassers in gvt  & secret hush-fund from hell paid by taxpayers.
3. Focus on Flynn & Russia, Russia, Russia;
4. Do stuff to get ready for Xmas
Cirque Musica presents Believe made a stop at Bell MTS Place this evening to spread a little holiday magic. 
Not sure what Retro Radio Christmas Review is about? 
Getting my holiday spirit on with 
 premieres this sat at 9/8c on 
When Tom falls for his client’s girlfriend, things start to get messy. See how it all goes down on SAT 9/8c! 
Please keep the people of Puerto Rico in your thoughts this holiday season 
Great night at The Mount in 
Wear the pride, share the pride this holiday season. Shop new arrivals and Fall Clearance at 
There are just 48 hours left to help decorate our 
Have you made reservations for the 
My Christmas Gift Guide is up on the blog, great gift suggestions for everyone 
It's almost my time to shine! My lighting ceremony is on Thursday, Nov. 30 at 8 p.m. (AST). Tune-in live to WCVB Boston Channel 5, an ABC affiliate available in Atlantic Canada on cable. 
Still sitting in my cart online. Not sure my family will find this as amusing as I do. 
Thank you!! One of my favourite John Candy characters! Eugene crushes it too. Classic. 
Lt. Allen & Sgt. Davis having fun with the Highland High School Madrigal Singers at the Ameren Festival of Lights 
The Vodka Mudshake Chocolate Candy Cane is a delicious choice for a holiday drink 
The wine lover on your list will love this delicious duo from South Africa 
Applied Media Arts Dept handcrafted decorations and ornaments, one for each staff member. ‘Tis the season 
Santa's elves have decked the halls and we're ready for the holiday season. What do you think? 
Check out this amazing 
Such a fun day!! Making people happy one flight at a time. 
Thanks, lovely! C : ) xx 
Tune-in TONIGHT LIVE, Wed, Nov 29 at 8PM ET as 
Parents: December is a-go, get to your battle stations!

Don't forget to ask in club to sign your little ones up to our amazing Christmas parties 
Happy socially-acceptable-putting-up-Christmas-tree day! 

Check out the decorations in 
Two three days weekends coming up, followed by a five day weekend. Then one normal week and two weeks off for 
‘Tis the season! The first holiday notes sound out at the Annual 
Massey Hall...We're ready for ya! 
Starting off 12 Days of Christmas 
Our School Council and Flourish&Fundraise Charity team represent 
There's a very busy weekend ahead for the Garden! Know Before You GLOW to Garden Lights with handy tips for the best visit ever: 
Hope you’ve all been practicing your Christmas Acts if you signed up to audition.  Remember it has to have a Christmas theme.  Auditions are this week 
Listen to our new holiday track “Last Christmas” now on 
We present to you “Last Christmas”! 
Get the track tonight at 9pm PT on 
good to see 
Come & meet Santa, Sat 2nd Dec. only £1.50 + kids FREE cookery workshop
BLACK FRIDAY SALE! Use the coupon code julevera for 20% off! Make sure you or a loved one looks fresh this holiday season! 
Have you got your Christmas in Leeds guide yet? 
It's December 1st! 
Celebrate the 
'Tis the season to see Nothing to Lose (But Our Chains) 
**Area museum switches over to it's 
Love their Christmas Songs. Hoping 
Here’s a message from Gocsy! Grab ya tix tomorrow from 9am (QLD) 
Who has gotten their Xmas tree??? 
It’s beginning to look a lot like christmas! 
Don’t miss Holidays with 
Tune in today at 2pm for an in-studio performance from 
We're broadcasting our Christmas spectacular, Our Christmas Gift live at 3pm & 7.30pm AEDT 
 Our Christmas Gift, this Saturday 
Merry THRIFT-Mas!! 

This little shit showed up just in time for Chrismukkah! I bet you know somebody who would love one stuffed under his/her tree. 
The holiday season is in full swing and 
Join us at this weekend's tree lighting celebrations at 
We’re LIVE in Central Park at Harlem Meer for caroling, ice carving and holiday cheer! 
Grafton Street and Dublin City is ready for Christmas 
Don’t miss our 64-page Christmas special issue of The Dish, out with 
We intend to celebrate December in style. With 
We intend to celebrate Christmas and NYE in style. With 
Imagine a city made for Christmas...
Just a very few £25 seats left for this glorious festive concert 
Tickets have you got yours? Join 
 with guest 
SATURDAY there is a serious holiday hoedown happening at 
We're wreathed and ready for the holidays! Thanks to the staff, the talented wreath artists, members of the Chicago cast of 
A good real Christmas tree “looks fake,” while a good fake one “looks real.” We usually trim ours to The Phil Spector Christmas Album. Tonight, we do it to the joyous sounds of plea deals on 
i look forward to singing at this bonkers holiday party every year w/ these hohohos 
 Get into the spirit of the season! See a complete list of our holiday films, concerts, & more >> 
Need more Christmas Soul? Check out the holiday song I wrote for 
Enjoyed townofcary's 34th annual 
TONIGHT — 
The award-winning story that has warmed the hearts of millions since 1965 is coming to 
Follow this handy little guide from 
It's December 1st...you know what that means!!! 
Christmas countdown with 
Its sounds a lot like Christmas 
Hope you all enjoyed the teaser of our Christmas show during the 
GOOOOOOOOAAAAAAL SWINDON 

1-1 @ 16:00

Scored by 
Brother and sister duo, Fraser and Eilidh are busy teaching 
St John Scotland's 
Festive Giveaway
Day 2 leads to Fraser’s Ridge 
Here we go again 
Come grab your raffle tickets from Danny P for our 
Thank you to everyone who supported our PFA and attended our fantastic Christmas Fair today! We hope you enjoyed it 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
On the second day of December, my true love sent to me....Claire and daughter Bree 
It's the most wonderful time for a beer 
 is the latest video to be revealed from 
November has drawn to a close and 'tis the season for all of your favorite 
I know as I understand. Very excited that the 
Christmas tree all decorated and ready for our Christmas Fayre tonight! Thanks to 
Decorating for the holidays this weekend? 
We hope you've enjoyed seeing the Christmas trees around site - check out this timelapse video of the external tree and lights being put up by our wonderful groundsmen!


O N L Y  2 3  D A Y S

          
1st December 
Putting your tree up this weekend? Don't forget to tag us in your decorations pictures! 
 we are going to 
Important & very true this time of year 
Will be putting the Christmas Tree 
Fabulous festive read here from the superb 
It’s cold outside and 
First cocktail of Christmas 
Is this on your kid's Christmas list?

If not, it should be! 
I’m polishing up the baubles … A Little Christmas Faith is out next week 
The Dog & Duck is open! 
This Satda morn young Lambton is a puttin up ees tree 
Hey, hey! We've been so busy with this, that and the other that we forgot to introduce our 
This time next week our friends at  
 for our 2017 panto Beans are as bawdy as you'd imagine. 
LET THE FESTIVE FUN AND INNUENDO COMMENCE! 
Join our friends 
Readers are loving 
Praise from 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas here 
FAIRLY excited about our first evening show of Snow White and Rose Red tonight. Come and party with us please 
We are looking forward to the 
It's the countdown for Christmas and we are ready 
Christmas Holiday Workshops! 
What a wonderful agency 
The marvellous Amersham A Cappella performing outside the Museum this evening for the Great Missenden Village Christmas Festival 
Not sure what to get me for 
Big thanks to the lovely 
I’m looking forward to being part of this year’s
DO THIS NOW
See 
EVENT ANNOUNCEMENT: 
FREE Rave-A-Roo takeover session 
Can't wait to kick off the holidays tonight with a festive performance by 
Lovely family pic of Shane Richie with his children 
Thank you to everyone that visited our market last night 
Our annual Christmas night market is this Friday 1/12 5-9pm 
Still a few more days before the Christmas countdown can really begin! Who has brought their littles ones The Good Elf? 
Key player in Christmas Tree shopping, are we right? 
 means it's officially time for 
“Best Christmas ever!” 10 years of making dreams come true for Grandparents Raising Grandchildren. Our 10th annual 
The iconic red nose is back. Happy holidays, everyone!
 can be a 
We love this! Well done Beryl 
Still too soon to talk about Christmas? A shorter squarer version of the longer rectangular-er video (pinned to my profile). I'd love for you to consider getting your charity Christmas cards from 
It’s all happening today
!  Which type of advent calendar do you most prefer?  
On the third day of 
ICYMI: On the second day of 
On the second day of 
ICYMI: On the first day of 
On the first day of 
Chocolate tombola coming along nicely..
And here are the 
 On the 2nd day of our 
 On the 1st day of our 
  We'll be opening the first door of our 
18 days to go 
Tomorrow is the launch of our 
Nope mine has been up since last weekend 25th Nov, kids love it 
 POLL TIME! Is it too early to be putting up the Christmas tree? 
Just a few hours until tonight's 
Oh what fun it is to film 
On the weekend of the 9th & 10th 
Morning everyone, hope you're having a great weekend so far! 
Potential Fortnite: Battle Royale Christmas update #2 - Presents as chests, Loot Lake is frozen and... Snowmen instead of bushes! (Video: 
Potential Fortnite: Battle Royale Christmas update #1 - Candy Cane as a pickaxe, Santa's Sleigh as the Bus and... Christmas trees! (Video: 
Excited to get festive today by checking out 
‘Set to delight thousands in the festive period’ 
I haven’t been to a panto for as long as I can remember but 
'National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation' premiered in theaters 28 years ago today, December 1, 1989
Christmas came early, folks! 
It’s beginning to look a lot like 
Finlay the Magician entertaining everyone outside USC 
First Christmas Tree of the year from Dilly's Cookies 
We just 
Getting festive at art club this week. UHS pupils created their own Christmas decorations out of clay. Amazing outcomes. 
2nd Day of Christmas 
It’s the most wonderful time of the year...
Why not head to 
Get in the 
 With great new shops, bars and restaurants opened in 2017, plus ample car parking and stress-free public transport options, Christmas shopping in Nottingham is a breeze!  
 It’s time to put up your 
 Christmas 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas...with love from the Friday late team 
Very much hoping this is in my Xmas 
Keep your eyes peeled for our tweets tomorrow and throughout December as we will be counting down to Christmas in our own special 
Whether you’re watching Elf, working, cooking a Sunday roast or simply hanging out with your family - have a great Sunday! 
Xmas Giveaways 
Is it wrong to put ur Xmas tree up before the 1st ?
Young Spireites Christmas Party! 
 In the build-up to Christmas we're looking back at one key 
E3 ward's Christmas tree is looking fab! I wonder how our other wards are getting on 
Fab Christmas tree from our team at Bolton Diabetes Centre! 
Good effort from my wife putting the tree up this year
Ladies and gentlemen, here is our very special Christmas menu to feast your eyes on! To make a reservation you can call us on 01629258083 or email  info@the-boat-Inn.co.uk. 64 days and counting...
Great win today for 
10 ways to win at Christmas 
 Super Saturday... our Ladies 1st XI play at Home, 1.30pm and to finish off the day the Men's 1st XI play at 6.00pm... don't forget to join us in the bar after for the annual Xmas Jumper Social.....
First Saturday in December can mean only one thing... it's time to decorate the tree! 
Happy December everyone! 
December has arrived! 
It's our Christmas Market from 16 - 24 December! You’ll find handmade & vintage items from local traders, a selection of arts & crafts, great gift ideas & decadent home décor. 
Last M1 League game before 
Call our sales team to book a place at our exclusive 
The spacious living areas in our Knowle Hill Park Apartments are the ideal space to host a 
In case you haven't heard the news, it's official, 
We can’t wait to visit THE event of the year this weekend; magical 
These are literally favourite Mr Kipling cakes to eat I wait all year round for Christmas to get 
Get your house tip-top ready for those Christmas guests - for a chance to 
Christmas exites me too much
Let's begin 
Spot the lone red bauble decorating Surbiton's Christmas tree 
Spotted the Christmas tree being installed in 
Ladies 1st team Christmas night 
 Saturday November 25th 
be aware all customers 
We’ve had an absolutely amazing Christmas fayre tonight! Thank you so much to everyone who came and supported us and special thanks to all the wonderful 
Year 3 are busy decorating their salt dough decorations ready for Friday. Come and visit us to buy a fabulous unique decoration 
Join us in Manchester for our last bar modelling session of 2017. Special festive bar modelling problems included 
 with 
So we made a Christmas Single! Money donated goes to homeless charities, people who’ll have nowhere to call home this Christmas. I’m counting on my book friends to RT so that we can share this as far and wide as possible. Thanks. Let’s all make a difference this Christmas 
Putting up your tree this weekend? Make sure you don't forget these two! Make your own Gruffalo and Gruffalo's child 
Christmas is coming! We take a look at 14 children's books perfect for the festive season 
Have you been to the Christmas tree 
Enjoy a table by a real Christmas Tree!
Are you party ready? Win a 
‘It’s Beginning to look a lot like Christmas’ 
Christmas has arrived at The Top Oak 
Something magical is occurring at our HQ right now... things like this don't happen every day! 
So, one of the best jobs of the year at CLPE is choosing books for the staff picks list. It is also one of the most painful, thinking of all the possibilities and narrowing to just two! With that in mind, I’ll post the rest as a 
Good afternoon and welcome to Broadhurst Park where we host Liverpool Marshall Feds Reserves in the league this afternoon - 2pm KO!
It's officially December! Time to start feeling 
We've rounded up some of our favourite stocking fillers for our first Christmas gift guide 
My clothes are getting more and more Christmasy by the day... 
had a little trouble getting the video up over seas but here is the first video of Vlogmas!! New video every other day till christmas 
Riders please allow plenty of time to reach your classes tonight! Oxford st lights being switched on 
Today.. Alternative Xmas market 
Our water bottles are in the holiday spirit. 
Current desk situation 
Tomorrow is the first day of 
Guys!! 
Oo, one for our 
Delish & 
First video of 
TIS THE SEASON TO BE JOLLY!
‘tis the season! 
Happy 1st door Day everyone 
Christmas is on the way guys and so are the Christmas markets! Enjoy the festivities from this Thursday onwards and get into the spirit of Christmas with all your friends and family! 
The Christmas trees sales starts in just over 1 hour don't forget its not just today, it's tomorrow and the next few weekends too.

We shall be opening this Sunday and every Sunday to Ssshhhh..............Christmas
What a wonderful way to get into the spirit of giving! Way to go 
No live tweets/updates from either game tonight as the Chief Tweeter will be at a 
Enjoy 25% off all Oh Wonder merch with the code OW25 
It's that time of the year, 
Putting up your 
Thank you to everyone that came to Light Up Portland tonight, we hope you all enjoyed it!!

Don't forget to check our Facebook page tomorrow for a round-up of the event.


If anyone is near Clovelly on Sunday and wants to get into the 
Join us tomorrow at 9:30 with 
 Mandy’s Christmas countdown 
The nice young man who changed my oil today said he liked the music that was playing in my car. So, I gave him an 
Christmas has arrived at Windsor Castle! 
It's the 1st of December! 
Want to win £500 to spend at 
Head down to 
 Carols by Candlelight at The Two Brewers raising funds for 
Gluten Free, Vegan Christmas Cake. 
Give the gift of education this Christmas! 
We intend to celebrate December in style. With 
We intend to celebrate Christmas and NYE in style. With 
This is what Christmas looks like... 
It was 
We are here at Tonbridge Vegan Festive festival today! Come and stock up on stocking fillers from us! Open until 4pm
Anyone looking for  some inspiration for what to get  for Christmas? 
Christmas decs poised, festive jumpers lined up and a playlist full of jingle bells standing by. December, we're ready!

Help us fill tomorrow's playlist and tell us your all-time favourite Christmas songs. Go on, throw in some guilty pleasures too! 
Late Night Shopping & Choir of 1,000 Voices - Thurs 14th December
JUST TWO DAYS AND COUNTING!
HEAT 3: Okay, this time we've got four new songs to choose from. BTW, if Slade wins, someone has to post a reply screaming the IT'S CHRIIIISSSTTTMMMAAASSS bit. Thanks.
Our yearly festive tradition, the 
Adding stuff to your online basket like
It's beginning to smell a lot like Christmas! 
We're almost ready to go at 
Feeling Christmassy 
Did you spot us in the Dec edition of 
Tomorrow it’s the penultimate 
Musical Bingo is heading to 
Christmas is Back at De Vere Oxford Thames
VIP Winners 
It's going to be a good one 
1 WEEK TO GO until Mr 
Dick Whittington, Buddy The Elf, 
Brilliant job of turning on Marlow’s lights by 
We’re on stand H132 if anyone’s around today. Come and try some Festive Bites 
Starting on Monday at your 
Why go organic this Christmas? Guy Watson from 
Revealing the 
A twinkling welcome in the Foyer today 
We wish all Christmas trees were made from cake!
Had fun at my school christmas fair today
At hospital and the christmas tree is up yay its christmaaaassss 
Christmas has come early at CSRfm...hold on tight for the big reveal on Monday! 
Ready for Christmas 
Festive pants :) and a free hat & free delivery from 
Be quick, the Terry’s Chocolate Orange McFlurry won’t hang around for long! 
The moment our Christmas tree at Waterloo opened up! Thanks to everyone who worked throughout the night to bring some festive joy to travellers through Waterloo this winter 
Thanks for lighting up the holidays with us! Can't wait to do it again next year!
Did I just tear up a bit watching the Rockefeller tree lighting? Yes, yes I did. 
It’s officially Christmas in NYC!
There's nothing like performing at the 
The best way to spread 
I couldn't be more excited to kick off my 
Let's be MERRY & BRIGHT together! Join me To Celebrate Christmas as I bring the joy of the holiday season to you! 
Doing your 
Fantastic 
Decked the halls 
Oh it's feels so festive 
It's Christmas time 
Our range of 20% off Christmas books is growing! We will have no room left if we keep adding tables! 
Be sure to come and shop the Love to Give shop at 
 It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas at the Zoo
What are you putting under your BFF's tree? 
The countdown to 
It's Christmas at The Castle!
 Singers! Are you looking for 
I'm pretty excited that to be playing for this 
 In a 
We're so excited for our 
SOLD OUT PERFORMANCES AT
ELKS THEATRE, PRESCOTT AND
VACAVILLE PERFORMING ARTS THEATRE!
MixTeam
 I want everything. 
Drop by our 
Our North candle has been flying off the shelves, get yours in time for Christmas before it’s gone 
Christmas gift sets now online! Start ticking off that list here - 
25 days to Christmas! 
‘tis the season! 
Lonely this Christmas? 

Give yourself the gift of giving The connection & significance you lack not having family around can be found in the joy of giving 

The Christmas season is here! Such a great night at the Christmas Tree lighting at 
Wishing you a Merry Christmas 
Having a great time playing 
ALMOST as beautiful during the day as it is at night 
Thsnks for hosting 
What's better than giving a gift? Giving a gift that gives back. Check out our "Woman In Power" t-shirt at No. 3 of 
"What? Don't you remember placing those ornaments on the ground? I'm Pretty sure they were never on the 
December is here
Elf on a shelf 
The Lemon Twigs (
There's nothing like the perfect tree 
How to decorate your home this Christmas whilst on a budget 
Our Walton-le-Dale 
Great first day of rehearsals for 
 is fast approaching... so don't miss out, check our opening times over the 
Holidays are coming......great night at the Houston Christmas Lights Switch On 
I shall be Djing this tonight! Come down to welcome in advent 
Hand up the rear of a turkey at 10am.. must be our annual friends Xmas supper! Roast with full festive trimmings for 20... no mean feat
With only 5 Monday's until 
 TAPA DENNISTOUN WEEKEND ADVENT COMPETITION 
 The Ghost of a Christmas without Tapa Bread. 
Please call us or order your bread in store before December 20th.... 
Great start to our Christmas Fayre! On until 12 today so come on down and get into the festive spirit! 
P3 getting into the Christmas spirit just in time for our Christmas Fayre TOMORROW 10-12!! Lots of fabulous raffle prizes, P7 luxury hamper and gifts/products made by every child in the school as part of their enterprise activity! 
Join us in Manchester for our last bar modelling session of 2017. Special festive bar modelling problems included 
Come down to the Cambusbarron Christmas Fair to see the goodies Primary 1 and 2 have made 
Merry Christmas to all our lovely customers!
We are next open on the 29th & 30th Dec from 10.30-4pm, open as usual from the 3rd Jan! 
 And behind door number 3 there is...
Happy 1st of December folks! 
If you haven't already, download your copy of 
Add a splash of the Dash to your holidays! 
It was a Jolly Day! 
New Tees INNN! 
white x all size avail
NEW CRIMBO MENU OUT NOW

We went down to the German Christmas Market with Reema 

It's Day 1 of our 
Under 4 weeks to go until the big day ! Have you written your Christmas cards yet? 
It's our Winter Wonderland concert! 
Nurtured In Norfolk's Countdown to Christmas
Nurtured in Norfolk’s Countdown to Christmas 
It’s here
Yesterday we enjoyed a lovely 
Does 
Christmas has officially started  
Plymouth’s Waterfront is sprinkling a little extra magic this Christmas! 
 are collecting items for 
Kings Head Street Christmas Market this Sunday 
I designed my own ugly holiday sweaters!!
Dave is admiring his handy work on our main Christmas tree 
Woodlands 
The beautiful staircase 
Can't ignore it anymore! Christmas stock is out and ready for action 
Save 17% on our 24x Christmas Beer Case. That will make you hoppy! 
Its the 
CHRISTMAS 
Now that it's officially November, are we OK to say the C-word? 
Out today, your 64-page special issue of The Dish, packed full of everything you need for your Christmas feast! 
And... it's up! We look forward to welcoming you over the festive season ahead. 
An amazing opportunity to win a 3 night stay at 
*New competition alert*
Win a three-night stay during 
The decorations are up & the Christmas spirit is in full swing! 
Christmas is on its way! We are thrilled by 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
It's finally December...
Good are you and your family excited about 
Ended the 
The magic happens tonight from 6-10pm in 
 Join us for our Improv Comedy Christmas Party! 
Hey peeps ... The new "Bram The Human Nightmare Before Christmas" Tee is available now!!! Shipping will be a week or two so get your orders in early incase your overseas etc ... Available at 
ICW returns to 
Very limited Bristol and Bundle tickets left for Mistletour! Get them whilst you still can, it's gonna be a weekend to remember 
Only £1 and 5% back to me, 1% to my local community and 10p to 
At downtown Reykjavik our shop is ready for Christmas!
 Christmas Streetfood Special 
Friends... Romans... Friendly Romans... we are go! 


It's December tomorrow so you know what that means...

It's a festive themed Picture of the Week winner for us today! 
Next week is Christmas Week here at Student Life! We will be posting festive blogs and vlogs for the holidays! 
Next weekend kicks off a heavyweight holiday season!

Excited to return to San Diego for 
December is just a few hours away.. which means all kinds of goodies at Guestroom including lots of Christmas LPs and these rad Rock N' Roll socks too 
It's Dec 1st.
It's practically Christmas already.

Jeff has his copy of 
Have you made reservations for the 
We are so excited for the 
Merry Christmas! Today is about giving to others. Everyone have a blessed day! 
This is how we do Christmas colors. 
Let the holiday baking begin! Follow along as we count down to Christmas 
It's that time of year! Here's a few gift-giving ideas that can 
What have you bought or are you planning to buy on this Cyber Monday??? 
I’m beginning to stress about Christmas
Only 5 more Mondays until Santa comes to town and we CAN’T wait! 
It's Day 2 of our 12 Days of Christmas deals! 
Next week Big Band favourite Guy Barker will be joined by 
On Sunday 10th December I'll be joining Guy Barker and his incredible orchestra once again for 'Guy Barker's Big Band Christmas' at the Royal Albert Hall! 
It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas!
Its December ya'll, may your holiday season be as lit 
Xmas Bhangra 
Barbie shopping with the boys 
Help us spread some holiday cheer in the upcoming weeks by donating a new, wrapped item to the Calgary Women's Centre! 
Less than a month until Christmas...
Check out our retail to get your favourite athlete the perfect practical present 
We're beginning to feel festive in Little Chelsea! 
Mulled wine, twinkling lights & feel-good festivities, December is nearly here! We've got a full-to-the-brim diary of Christmas events to get you in the mood... 
Don’t forget to buy your tickets online at 
This Sunday Dec 3rd I'm playing this beautiful cinema 
Many thanks to everyone who supported the 
 Dorking 
Our term has ended with a wonderful  concert from the 
It’s officially here... the most 
Voucher sales are going well at 
All set up and ready for some 
Make your 
Tis' the season to eat chocolate! 
Hearing jingle bells yet? Seeing colours of red & green?Countdown to 
YOU 
Don't miss Pasadena's most sought after holiday concert at All Saints Church on 12/16, get your tickets today!
Looking for some inspiration for your festive decorations this holiday season?
*Plays Mariah’s Christmas hits* Off out dancing tonight? Perhaps some shopping (of the Christmas variety) tomorrow? Here’s what you need to know. 

Such a fabulous day at the Christmas Ladies Day for 
Waking up in a winter wonderland? 
It's hard to get excited about Christmas when I'm working in 35 degree heat! Roll on the 18th when I return home to gods country. 
Jingle all the way from today! Advent countdown with various calendars, Christmas music and films from the loft and starting Christmas shopping at Durham Christmas Fayre. Oh! And Christmas fragrances 
Check out our weather reporter 
Stockton high street is getting ready to Sparkle 
Stockton Sparkles 2017 has officially started. 
Christmas preparations well under way 
Think me and 
Putting your tree up this weekend? Don't forget to tag us in your decorations pictures! 
 Our Christmas Menu is here! 
December is finally upon us, which means... it's time to get festive! 
We're looking for a musical 
Fancy a Christmas jumper that's guaranteed for 30 years? 
Stocked up for Christmas 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas... 
That's right its the 1st of December tomorrow !!! How that flew in !! But that means CHRISTMAS!! 
Seems like the perfect time to show the best Scottish Christmas TV ad ever 
XMAS CLUB SHOP DETAILS | Our Christmas Club Shop will be open on Friday December 8th at the old Computer Shop in Longford Shopping Centre, from 11am! 
It’s the time of year to cuddle up with a cup of hot cocoa and watch holiday movies all night long! Tell us your favorite holiday movie in the comments! 
Don’t get your tinsel in a tangle because Cyber Monday is happening NOW! Head to 
TGI(Black)F – Head to the boutique or 
As proud sponsors of 


Is it Feb 14th yet? Tix/more info: 
ONLY ONE MORE SLEEP 
Festive afternoon tea at  
After dinner with us at Stix and stones this December .....
We are feeling the festive love 
Not to be missed 
The Russian santa, Winterberry gin and Plum&Clove Bourbon Smash 
Great nite 
 TICKETS NOW ON SALE! 
Students are ready for business at our Christmas Pop-up Shop in GMIT Letterfrack this morning. Call in from 10am-2pm. Some great Christmas gifts for sale 
Kevin's back and just as excited for Christmas as ever! Have you watched his journey to find love this Christmas?
Join us on Saturday 2nd December for our Annual Christmas Food & Wine Fair. We will be joined by some of Corks Finest local Suppliers on the day
Reeve & I now have four books out, plus a brand-new activity book to keep kids busy on Christmas and Boxing Day! 
Ho-ho-ho Kahoot!’ers! 
Dec 1st can only mean 1 thing 
These look gorgeous, such a great gift for Christmas! 
Every £1 doubled! 
Tried our 
Too soon for feeling Christmassy? 
Roarsome! 
It's 1st December and time for our festive 
Wonderful pic in today's #/
First Christmas in Brighton 
Had an amazing time with some incredible people!!
I am in bed with The Book Of Dust, a hot water bottle, and peppermint tea, and I'm excited because tomorrow is Christmas Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve!
Putting up your tree this weekend? Make sure you don't forget these two! Make your own Gruffalo and Gruffalo's child 
Santa hits the stage tonight. Thanks to all that came out to make today so fantastic. Happy 
“Tis the season” 
Big congrats to our team 
Have you booked your Christmas Party night yet?
We are now taking bookings for our Christmas Party Nights. Delicious food, great music in fantastic surroundings. Book your place today. 
*dusts off hands* 
Urchin Christmas Cocktail! 
 tent mules are now in stock. This comfy slip-on features lightweight Thermoball insulation that delivers unbeatable warmth for a chilly evening. They also make a great Christmas present 
Rossett Acre's Christmas Fair will be held this Saturday 2nd December from 2-4pm.  There will be lots of stalls, games and a chance to see the big man himself!  Entrance 50p. 
Western PTA are selling Christmas trees in the playground on Saturday morning, always great quality & for a good cause of course 
Have you bought your tickets for the PTA Christmas Dinner Dance? Fri 15th Dec 
PTA Christmas Raffle Tickets coming home soon. If you would like to donate a prize to the raffle, please get in touch or just drop off at reception! All funds go to the PTA and benefit our students in school. 
Egg glass, another new Christmas tree and wooden resin jewellery are our favourites at this weekend’s 
Our final rehearsal before our 
 is coming to 
Want to get in the Christmas spirit this weekend?

Join us at the Enterprise Hub tomorrow at 
Want to get in the Christmas spirit this weekend?

Join us at the Enterprise Hub this Sunday for 
Cold but enjoyable day at Worcester Christmas Market! 
 Hey guys, I’m dropping into London on 9th December at a secret location and am running a… 
We've also got some of these cuties 
 happy 1st Dec from the UK and 
Thanks to everyone who came out this weekend to celebrate the end of the year & kick off the Christmas season. We had an amazing year, can't wait to see what our team have in store for 2018! More pictures to come... 
Fill In The Blank: My favorite Holiday emoji is ___.

See 
This is a family friendly bike ride so please bring your children. We have picked a great route and we would love you to join us! 
Today is the day wonderful people and we are looking forward to young and the young at heart joining us! 
For one night only!!! We’ve got mulled wine at Jamie’s Italian Westfield, come and get your hands around a warming wine and get into the spirit 
"It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas" 
Also in // 
Thanks to everyone who shopped with us 
It really feels like Christmas 
It wouldn't be 
New for Christmas 2017 
Our Christmas Tree Festival is now officially open *applause* - visit today from 10am-8pm, Fri 10am-5pm, Sat 10am-4pm,  Sun 1-4pm, Mon 10am-4pm and enjoy some FREE fir fun 
The lights are going down which means we can see the lights of Chewbacca! Africa Al wins the best 
Brilliant Brass Band here 
Leave the cooking to us and enjoy a delicious Christmas feast at 
It may be cold in Walford, but this will warm your heart...
Lots of 
Every weekend the 
It's the 1st of December and we are feeling super Christmassy at 
We're gonna have ALL of the festive treats, gifts and food at 
We’re back 
Join us, 
Burtree's Traditional Xmas Pudd & Brandy Butter

Award-winning traditional Christmas pudding made with brandy & brown ale and flaked almonds & cherries. Served with luxurious brandy butter and double cream. It doesn't get much better than this! 
Join us this weekend 
Looking for the perfect 
Win a giant Chocolate Robin !!-While you are choosing your Christmas Tree, wreath or yummy goodies from our farm shop 
Having a great day at 
Thinking of celebrating Christmas with colleagues and friends whilst also holding a conference? 
A series of Christmas lunches will be available throughout the whole of December, in the build-up to another exciting festive season here at 
Turners Cider will be at Leeds Castle Christmas Market this weekend 25/26 Nov - truly magical 
Blogmas - Week One | Christmas Gift Guide 
A Boy Called Christmas by 
It's here - enjoy up to 25% off with our seasonal 
TODAY, TODAY, TODAY... Today is our December run and party! Meet for 11.45, run 12 noon, festivities afterwards. FREE ENTRY! All welcome. See you later! 
Portobello Road is beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
The @artothecary have a 50% off sale on!! Now is the time to stock up on materials for a handmade Christmas!!

Skipwith Christmas - thank you Miss Morgan 
Too soon to talk about Christmas? Perhaps. But I'd love for you to consider getting your charity Christmas cards from 
Ready to go at a very festive Ruislip Christmas Market! 
Help our market community welcome the festive season this Saturday from 5pm in the square 
‘It’s starting to feel a lot like Christmas’
Richmond Artisan Market is open today until 5pm and we are full of the Christmas spirit - come and say hello 
 is the perfect place to get a unique 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas but make sure it doesn’t get spoiled by the flu 
Here at the Unicorn school in Kew today for their Christmas fair 
Happy December, everyone! It's your last day to book and pay for your SU Christmas Dinner. Check out the menu for more info. 
Fancy a festive treat? Our SU Christmas Dinners are incredible. Make sure yours is booked and paid for by TOMORROW! Check out the menu for more info. 
A few drinks at the Christmas party last night?
We’re at Hammersmith & Fulham Christmas Market today!! Come by and say hello! 
We’re counting down the 
Excellent festive gifting for others; 
- 
Make sure you’re following my Instagram (
Happy 1st December, I hope everyone has had a nice day getting into the festivities! 
We are so excited to a present this...A [thread] of women of colour/minority-owned businesses that you can support this festive season, by giving their products as gifts! 
Keep looking this week and next for our advent countdown! 

Memories from Field Day over the years and christmas treats 
Dec 2nd, our second Field Day Advent Countdown! 
Happy December 1st 
There's plenty of stocking-fillers available courtesy of 
Day 2 of our Digital Advent Calendar & today Our pasta trader 'Osteria Della Pasta' want to 
DAY 1 of our Digital 
Today we're sharing the best beauty gifts for the beauty novice in your life 
What kind of advent calendar have you got this year? We love our YOU Beauty AC but we had to have chocolate too! 
Tomorrow for the Hertford Christmas Gala the 
Come and join us at Carols on the Square! An incredible, festive atmosphere all around 
12 days of Christmas 
What an incredible night at the Beacon with 
Happy 1st December all! To celebrate the start of the festive season we've got a Christmas giveaway launching later today on the blog! Stay tuned
BLOGMAS DAY 2 
Happy 1st December ! Time to eat loads of mince pies 
Plenty of oaty ideas in here and a lovely 
Using many 
Morning tune :
 Used 
I personally love Holiday makeup more than anything! Nothing beats a Holiday glam!!!
Happy holidays 
'Tis the season for beard ornaments! 
HOLIDAY SQUAD 
Celebrate Xmas with us! 
Christmas comes soon, 
HAPPY DECEMBER 
When we are creating atmosphere to christmas
HASHTAG KIT RESTOCK! Head to the store now to get your Home & Away kits available in ALL SIZES! Pre-order now to ensure they arrive in time for Christmas: 
The fact it’s snowing ever so slightly has me pumped for Christmas
Holiday is here!!! 
Looking for that perfect stocking stuffer?! 
: We are filming in 
It's ugly sweater season! 
Annual Texas Volleyball Secret Santa was a success!!!! 
Don't just take our word for it, see what audiences think of 
 why not come and join in the commotion LIVE on stage this Xmas! 


Match day for the Acre!
Two sides are at SCT today, first up 
Merry Switchmas — these are the top 5 
The 5 best 
Lots of great decorations being made in Central Hall at St Thomas' Hospital today. We can't wait to see them added to our tree 
Help us make LEGO decorations for our Christmas Tree! 
Every child deserves a gift under the tree. - Can you afford to buy an extra gift for a child who might not receive one this Christmas?
Currently producing the various pieces of 
Fun times yesterday picking Chrsitmas trees 
Christmas launch in 
 had their Super Supper this evening. Great company, secret santas and an after-party disco. What a great way to start the holiday season 
'Tis officially the season to be merry and bright! 
Another day, another beautiful Christmas Tree lighting 
Get a free 
Changing of the seasons! 
Dreaming of a VR Christmas: 
Enter the Holiday Dessert Recipe Contest by December 4th for a chance to win! 
How To Lacrosse Day 3? Throwing 
Day 3 
Day 1 was Cradling, Day 2 was Scooping, and Today is Throwing. All in the 5-Day 
Fans, pick up your free UNO ugly sweater shirts across from the Sunken Saloon 
Christmas Celebration Dec. 1 & 2! The winners of the Lighted Parade Contest will get one of these with their name on it, priority placement in the 2018 Lighted Parade and be included in Press Release ! Event link in bio 
Just one one of our warming stations @ the 12/1 & 12/2 Christmas Celebration! 
Dec. 2nd! Link in bio for event route and details 
It’s Christmas Time Here at 
From turkeys to trees, it all adds up! Tell us: how are you being 
Gettin’ I
I thought this only happened to people in funny Christmas movies. 
Next up on the 
Don’t forget to bring a toy to the 
TOMORROW: 
Win a VIP Package to see Amy and Vince at the Ryman December 13! 
We're giving away a VIP package to Christmas at the Ryman with 
Enter to win a VIP package to Christmas at the Ryman with 
The code of elves: Treat everyday like Christmas 
I’m really excited to get home to my Christmas tree. Yeah, I said it. I love my goddamn holiday house and I won’t be shamed! 
TONIGHT! Light up the holiday season with us. Don’t miss the 
"It’s tough for the Rock and Roll Hall of Famers to do wrong, and they deck their Christmas LP with plenty of personality." We think so too! Thanks 
Why Do We Hang Christmas Lights? 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas around here... We're bringing you a taste of Central park to the Great Lawn! Join us at noon for hot apple cider, gingerbread cookies and horse and carriage rides. See you there! 
It’s beginning to feel mighty festive on campus! 
Just one hour to go until 
OUR CHRISTMAS FAIR HAS ARRIVED 
Only 1 month 'til 
Christmas Tree, DONE!!! 
Still giving away the unopened iPhone X to one lucky fan on Dec. 15th so you will have it by Christmas 
CHRISTMAS PAGEANT 
G enjoyed his breakfast this morning! Anyone else cracked open their 
Tonight is the 95th 
us when it's officially 
Get the holiday season started off right with your 
Who needs stocking stuffers? Lion's Pride coffee mugs now available at the Glendale Campus! $5 
Operation Christmas Child! 
Got another Linden Estates clip! 
 was amazing!! I’m in such a Christmassy mood now
To Do List:

1. Worry about tax-bill from hell that makes national debt soar;
2. Be pissed about growing list of sexual harassers in gvt  & secret hush-fund from hell paid by taxpayers.
3. Focus on Flynn & Russia, Russia, Russia;
4. Do stuff to get ready for Xmas
Under the stars on a frosty night and wishing all success in their stout efforts for release of 
*link in bio* SKRINEWAY presents another unforgetable EXPIERENCE that you dont want to miss Monday Decemeber 18th at The Hotel on Rivington. Join us for this years White and Gold Christmas Celebration! Follow 
Head to our Pop-Up store in the London Selfridges & get hands-on experience with our kits! We'll be here every weekend until Christmas 
Chinese hot pot and tree decorating with my lovely housemates. Gearing up for Christmas 
We’ve had a busy day at the 
Our December schedule is packed with cinematic treats! Please RT and let us know what you're most excited to see. 
Have you got your tickets to our Christmas dinner yet? 
New WE BARE BEARS CHRISTMAS SPECIAL tonight! "THE PERFECT TREE" premieres at 7:30pm on 
Christmas is coming! 
Thank you to Redbeard at 
Happy New week
The orchid man 
Tickets for our Christmas show with 
No plans yet this weekend? How about a Christmas Market! 
Turn your holiday lights off before leaving home or going to bed. 
 | Planning your Christmas party? Check out what's on at 
He's not just a pretty face, my lovely friend 
The wonderful cast of 
Hey Woolwich, Christmas is coming...
Last chance to get tickets for my Christmas show 
⛇ 
 Christmas has arrived at Barnsley Museums! 
A beautiful crisp 
Happy Holidays 2 all that were in attendance @ the Montefiore Square Christmas 
 It’s nearly time 
Next Thursday we are hosting the Chiswick Christmas lights switch on from 4pm... don’t miss it
Happy Christmas single release day everyone! 
Selling out of these white tees pretty quick, if you want them before Christmas then grab ‘em here 
Thanks for all the kind words about the Christmas single, go check it out here 
Christmas Single - River - On 
We wonder what festive treat the 
I’m having a littl cry with my cup of tea this morning 
Before I say farewell to 2017, I’ll be putting out some very limited threads, just in time for the 
Only 1 week until 
We are feeling truly Christmassy with all the wonderful winter stock in 
We promised you festive pavs, so we are bringing you festive pavs
We call them our Christmas 
Currently getting prepped for 
We’re LIVE in Central Park at Harlem Meer for caroling, ice carving and holiday cheer! 
There's only a month to go now, so it's official - Christmas is nearly here! 
Tickets have you got yours? Join 
London's Heart Breakfast team photo with our Christmas winners Elizabeth, Emma and Sophia! Lots of thoughtful gifts for all 
Setting up the tree and hitting a Christmas party so it’s 100% time for 
'And lo, they came to 
Tis the season to be jolly! 
When everyone is on form and in the Christmas spirit... 
Tag someone who is definitely in the Christmas spirit... 
Light Up 
It’s that time of yeaaaaaar 
£1000 Festive Giveaway!
Bosham School Christmas Fayre tomorrow at the Village Hall 2-4pm.  Lots of Christmas treats, raffle tickets and of course a tombola 
 and his 
 is underway for our 
The new original Christmas 
Waiting to stage at our annual friendship Christmas concert at St Marys Rc Bridgend. Thanks to all involved including 
WHO ELSE will be shopping online for 
VERY CUTE - Racing's very own version of the John Lewis advert from 
We're getting into the Christmas spirit at The Lyra! 
Last night’s OMAzing 
Head to Videopolis for "Mickey's Christmas Big Band", a festive new show brimming with sleigh-loads of Christmas classics! 
Mickey and his friends are belting out back-to-back Christmas classics in our all-new musical extravaganza, "Sing Me A Merry Christmas!" 
It‘s finally that time of the year again!
Holiday (What Do You Want?) by 
Stuff we love: 
Aw, thanks!
All parents and pupils are welcome to come along to the Christmas Fayre on 06/12/17 starting at 2.00pm.  There will be a selection of stalls and activities. The fayre has been organised by our Year 10 and 12 pupils as part of their WBQ. We would love to see you 
Preparations for the school Christmas Carol Service on Monday, 18th December are well underway. Members of the school choir are meeting every Thursday (3-4pm) to rehearse. The Service is taking place on Monday, 18th December at 7.00pm in Nolton Church. Everyone Welcome
It’s my favorite time of the year!
T H E  C H R I S T M A S  P I Z Z A
Spotted: Millwood Elementary Choir with 
Happy December everyone!! Christmas music is on blast at my place as I decorate and wrap gifts! Who else is feeling holly jolly? 
I think the 
Traditional 
Test your knowledge with our holiday movie trivia! Do you recall ... the most famous holiday movies of all? 
The best thing about the holidays is: _______ 
Fellows Riverside Gardens is being transformed into “Toyland.” Most of the decorations you see were hand-crafted by 
Hey, San Diego! See you soon! 
Tonight’s the night! 
Happy 1st December!  Here’s the perfect way to get into the mood for Christmas 
The countdown is on to Lighting the Quad! We'll flip the switch on the Main Quad at 5:30 with music, hot chocolate & holiday cheer 
I hope you had an amazing holiday with family and friends, Ohio. This is a Taylor family tradition 
Hey you didn't include the lovely 
This Angel is very excited to be watching Nativity at the Palace Theatre, Manchester. 
We are kicking off December with 2 giveaway!
‘Tis the season for pop tails 
Weekend brunch never tasted so festive, or delicious. 
Christmas is Coming
 do you like my tree?
 Jingle Bells, Jingle Bells 
Had such a great time in 
What a lovely idea for Christmas 
Brendan Bjorn, Declan and I will be featured on Day 3 of this RTE Advent spotlight for their Christmas special which is on December 10th when our segment will be shown in full. Stay Tuned! And each day should be interesting! Here is Day 1 
Forget a gingerbread house and give this impressive Christmas centrepiece a try. 
Melania Trump took a classic, safe approach to her first year decorating the White House for Christmas. 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
One of our mums has organised a lovely 
Santa has made the long journey back to the 
The gorgeous Chloe Boucher is loving our selection of IMAGE Skincare Christmas Giftsets this year! 
HAPPY CHRISTMAS 
It’s always a great read!! Make sure to go out and buy the Christmas 
Beauty goodie bag up for grabs from our Stratford store launch! RT & Follow for your chance to 
Having a hard time picking something to wear for Christmas Day 
Oh What Fun! For today's 
Step by step Christmas hair!! 
Christmas jumper is officially out and on today  
Get your house tip-top ready for those Christmas guests - for a chance to 
1) On the 3rd day of Woofmas...
We’re all set for the 
Our December specials are now ready! Make sure you get some ready for 
C H R I S T M A S • M A R K E T 
It is 
Happy 1st of December, booklovers! 
The count down to Christmas is here 
Christmas is all about traditions 120 years Holly Bough 
Perfect day now I've had a coffee fix from 
You know 
We can't wait to have Trinity back at Vallum-she will be face painting at our Christmas market this Saturday! She's amazing too!
North East Concert Band entertained our visitors with fabulous Christmas carols in the bandstand today. 
Good morning everyone! 
A delicate pendant is the perfect way to complete your holiday look! 
How fun are the red and green LP's? 
  looking suitably festive last night at the light switch on 
Find this cozy scene transformed into Santa’s Grotto in Falmouth Library! He will be there greeting children and giving gifts from 5:30-8:00pm. Family friendly and free! 
We are celebrating the  
The festive season gets underway this week with 
Yo-ho-ho! Kickin off the 
Is it too early to mention CHRISTMAS?! 
Its...

CHRISSSSSSSTMAAAAAAAAS! 


Feeling totally festive after the loveliest Christmas party 
Have had an amazing 24hrs in Liverpool including opening the Christmas Grotto at 
 ONLY 1 DAY TO GO UNTIL SANTA'S CHRISTMAS PARTY 
Get your Christmas 
Preparation for the famous 
Tomorrow is Dec 1st. That can only mean one thing...CHRISTMAS STARTS 
Claudia I hear u & Im so happy you're enjoying it x 
If you want to buy a Christmas album this year, I highly recommend 
Ahhh thank you m'love it was made in a magical place! 
The countdown to Christmas has begun! 
All we want for Christmas this year is several shots on goal at 
 please play 
KPMG Christmas Lunch at Patch St. Paul’s 
 now open until January 7th 
It really is! 
 Day2: Can’t wait for our sell-out Handel Messiah tonight at 
Lovely concert with these fabulous chaps 
Lovely way to kickstart Christmas 
A shout out for our friends at 
Just a very few £25 seats left for this glorious festive concert 
Snap up your tickets now for 
A preview of our float tonight! Can’t wait to see everyone at 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas on 
 'Tis the season to explore a new career path! Michigan Career Exploration and Awareness month begins Dec 1. 
Festive 
 take a look at this already!!! Day one 
It’s 1st of December and Ed the ED Elf has arrived in our children’s ED 
Meet Ed the ED Elf.. he has been sent by Santa to bring Christmas cheer all through December 
Do you have a t-shirt? Order from my website now! Great 
Feeling festive 
Calling all Christmas-lovers! 
Wishing all my colleagues 
Hooyah! Great to have the 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas
Too excited because I get to wear a Santa hat doing a live shot. It’s cool 
The tree is lit and glistening in DTSB. What a beauty
Things are getting underway at the DTSB First Friday Christmas Celebration. For the first time ever come pet live reindeer and watch Santa light the tree! I’m live in a few minutes 
‘Tis the Season! Such a great time hosting 
Safe travels, 
SCENTSATIONAL
For the 70th year in a row, a Christmas tree makes its way from Oslo to Trafalgar Square to become the 
Photographing our Christmas gifts today! Don’t forget to check out the full range on our website...NOW! 
Loved taking part in today's 
 thanks for our Ontario grown Christmas tree! 
You know you're from Canada when the Ontario Government declares the first Saturday of December 
The trees are here! Sales start at 12PM today - join us beside the ticket tent at 
Make sure to follow along as 
Don’t wait a month to see Santa! He’s made himself cozy here at Southcentre, but only until December 24 at 3PM! 
Christmas has officially thrown up all over New York City and i am feeling FESTIVE! 
It's the first day of 
It's almost the end of November and we're psyched for a great holiday season! Who's already into the holiday spirit?! 
While anyone listens to WHAM Last Christmas 
You guys I went ALL OUT!! 
Countdown to Christmas.. If you had a choice, what would you rather get for Christmas? 
Happy Holidays
Call our sales team to book a place at our exclusive 
The spacious living areas in our Knowle Hill Park Apartments are the ideal space to host a 
We would like to say the biggest thank you to everybody who has supported our Women = Change campaign. So far, your generosity has raised just under £7,000!
Donate by 12pm 5th December and your gift will be doubled 
A big thank you also to cafe brunch and 
Meet the 'Rye Nogg'...one of our fave new cocktails from our 
Sampling Day Success! Our Christmas Panini was such a hit that we had a queue just for them: "That panini is the best thing I've ever eaten!"
When Barry challenges 
 Book the family in for a festive night of ice skating, Christmas Cream Tea and Santa's helpers! This December will be a magic one at Eastwell Manor. 
 Make this Christmas one to remember, with a visit to the brand new ice skating rink in the grounds of 
 doing a fab job in 
Looking forward to Sherborne festive shopping day tomorrow. 
Get in the Christmas spirit at 
Don't mind if we do... 
Today we were joined by children from Greasley Beauvale Primary School who sang festive songs at our Christmas light switch-on 
When do you put your Christmas decorations up? 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas, Happy 1st of December to all our residents! Our helpful reindeer have been busy putting up Christmas lights in preparation for our Christmas tree light switch on today 
With 4 days to go we’re counting down to our FREE festive family event at 
Join us tomorrow on Saturday 18 November at 4pm as we switch on our Christmas tree! 
Food is always amazing at 
Big thank you to all visitors who came to So Last Century on Sunday.  Another wonderful day! We’re back again on Sun 10th Dec at Beckenham Place Mansion 
We have the most beautiful 
Add a little sparkle to your 
Chocolate tombola coming along nicely..
 Toronto team assembles 
 | Welcome to day 
 | You can still enter 
There's still time to enter Day One of our 
 | It's day 
We're getting ready to start the festive season 
As many of us begin our festive cheer 
And it goes on!! 
Planning the week ahead? Make sure you put 
Starting to think about Christmas shopping?  Thinking 
We’re by the Christmas tree 
It's beginning to look at lot
 like Christmas! 
December is here!! 
Volleyball Christmas Dinner! 
Tickets available from 
ENJOY! 
Add some Ermana sparkle to your skincare regime this Christmas 
NEW POST! Diaries at the Ready: Indie Christmas Shopping Events in Glasgow
Great stripes and nice gem placement. Thank you Myles (No 1, not No 2). 
 We've got the perfect Christmas gift idea for you: a "Gift Subscription" to "The Specials" website. The first 5 subscribers will get a Christmas Card from us! 
 check out this months 
Thanks to a good friend of 
Reasons to come along to 
The annual 
It's December! 
I’m so ready 
NEW POST ALERT! 
Happy 1st of December! Who is opening their Sleek advent calendar today?? 
| Attending our 'Magical Christmas Time' parties this December?

Share our exclusive Snapchat filter using 
| WOW! How magical was last night's 
| Our 
It's the 1st of December and the 
HAPPY DECEMBER EVERYBODY!!! 
. . . and . . . it’s up! 
It's Festive Harps and Christmas Songs at the Butterfly Farm from 11am Sunday 3 December 
If this doesn't get you excited for 
The nature inspired gift shop is a treasure trove of gift ideas for all the family. It's free to enter and open every day from 10am 
DAY 2 - Christmas Advent - Following our 12 week course with many ups & downs we finally passed and an unbreakable bond was formed 
Here in the 
Someone’s found number 1 
Less than a week until our Winter Concert! 
One in ten workers plan to hit on their boss at office Christmas parties – you've been warned  
Don't forget to pop down to our monthly SHOP this 
We're doing 
Our tree is up for the Festival of Christmas Trees 
Here’s our tree for the Christmas Tree Festival 2017 at the Crooked Spire Chesterfield. All of the trees look amazing. Be sure to visit 
If you'd like to buy a gift for a Manchester 
The festive season is almost upon us - Edinburgh’s Christmas opens Friday at 5pm! 
Happy 1st of December, it's time to put the Christmas tree up! Leave a 
 ANNOUNCEMENT: Christmas Social on December 13th - Pub quiz, buffet, double tokens. Full details and tickets here: 
 Final event of the year will be on December 13th - expect brilliant speakers and a few Christmas treats.
 This starts in two weeks 
Real Christmas tears. 
That's fabulous! Well done to Jo and the amazing 
Tonight! Big Christmas Light Switch On in Ashton-in-Makerfield 
Gonna be living 
Give someone you love the gift of laughter this Christmas
 4 hours to go 
Another peek at some of the wonderful trees in church, if you haven't been to see them yet, what are you waiting for?? 
One of our lovely trees put up this morning by the wonderful WASPI ladies 
This morning in Sunday school, making nativity decorations for our christmas tree festival 
We are all getting ready for are Christmas at Central CD launch tonight!!!
Are manger and project editors are sending out CDs from people who ordered
The Red Legged Partridges are prepped and 
Christmas time officially kicks off this Wednesday in NYC, and we're joining the 
 | Christmas lights switch on at Royal Stoke University Hospital.


Man the 
Visiting the 
One month until 
Who's feeling 
Lets start getting festive now it's December shall we 
Did you know next week is Christmas Week? 
Very excited to be bringing FREE 
Feeling festive? Join singers, schoolchildren and Mayor Mo Marsh 
Join Mayor Mo Marsh 
Feeling 
Here we go, this is 
I promised y’all last week I had a surprise! Now that we’re getting ready for the holidays, head on over to my store for 50% off my holiday ornament 
Get into the festive spirit with these glorious Christmas albums from 
Great so see so many attend the Memory Cafe at 
Santa just endorsed us!!!! 
CHRISTMAS POUND .. get in rockstars 
Fri 1st Dec is the last 
And... It's December! 
Christmas print sale up on my website!! Shop now in time for the big day
GSRE CHRISTMAS ADVENT FUNDRAISER 
Last minute availability! Christmas parties at the Botanical Gardens, now from just £36.00 per person 
Who wants to win this superb bundle in our Christmas competition? Signed 
My pal 
Enjoy 25% off all Oh Wonder merch with the code OW25 
Free signed Christmas cards with every online merch order saywhatttt 
Big thank you to Michael Fleming of Woodstock Evergreen for the gift of 2 beautiful Holiday Trees! Michael has been donating trees to the 
It’s the Wimbledon Village Christmas Fair today! Join us at Bayley & Sage for delicious Christmas food tastings, scrumptious street food and we are also hosting the lucky dip! It’s a fabulous festive day out, hope to see you there!
Santas grotto is in full swing! Make sure you get down for a chance to meet santa & a cheeky mulled wine! 
Today was a good day - Christmas menu tasting for the Dog & Fox staff! Lots of full and satisfied bellies! 
There's still space left for Christmas parties & sit down feasts. Who can resist some festive pigs n blankets. 
It’s beginning to look loads like Christmas 
Christmas time 
Just a little over two weeks until I'll be back in the UK for another amazing Panto tradition. Can't wait! 
Now December is finally here

For those adore the festive atmosphere 
One of many new songs. Come enjoy a real festive treat, when we play Liverpool, Sheffield and Manchester next week 
It's (almost) Christmas! 
So ready for 
Just ordered my copy. You should order yours! 
Our customers rave about Cinque Ports' Yorkshire puddings! Please call to reserve your Sunday lunch on 01843 269431
We’re down at the 
Downton Christmas Tree Festival St Laurence Church 16th Dec & 17th Dec, Local live music, coffee, refreshments
Free Entry 
It's a bustling weekend in 
Don’t miss ‘How the Grinch Stole Christmas' at 11.30am at 
Today the 
We spent tonight working on a cover of The Pogues Fairytale of New York just in time for Christmas 
It’s 1st December and that means 1 thing.  The 

C H R I S T M A S  I S  C O M I N G, and from 
The excitement is building for tomorrow’s staff Children’s Christmas Party! The kids are going to have a blast! 
A blessed new month 
"Tis the season... " Bonn's Christmas market extends over the entire inner city. Enjoy shopping decorative and practical handicrafts, Christmas decorations, culinary delights and make sure to try Germany's famous "Glühwein". Enjoy Winter Season in Bonn! 
 comes to 
It's the 1st of December! We're all set!!!
 will be turning on the 
We're bringing a spot of Christmas
Help us Light up a Life and join us for a wonderful Christmas evening
Festive fabulousness has arrived in store, Christmas trees now in stock in 
Did someone say freelancer film Christmas 
Christmas Party Nights at Garbos 
 Countdown! 
Listen out while you shop this Christmas 
Hi everyone, please share with the little ones in your lives! Irish talent at its best and it’s something really enjoyable for them this Christmas cheers x 
It’s beginning to feel a lot like CHRISTMAS...in Los Angeles 
We've had such an incredible reaction to our Christmas campaign so far. Want to get involved? Here's how you can: 
 love all my Wilko Christmas ornaments 
Christmas Day fun sorted, thanks to 
Come and visit us for the second day of our Christmas Fair - Open 10-4 (Santa’s Grotto 12-3)

We even have some special visitors all the way from the North Pole! 
Only one week to go! 
Find out next what Hamburg's Christmas markets are all about. 
Getting into the festive spirit here in the lab!! 
CHRISTMAS WORKSHOP
Yet more 
Perfect thank you 
This looks great!
The Manchester Christmas Markets are finally here! 
Carol, craft and be entertained this Saturday at the Rancho Guajome Adobe for Rancho Christmas! 
It's never too early for some Christmas music!
What a glorious day at 
We are too excited for 
Something different! My new Christmas arrangements for 
Thanks so much to Clare @smythstoysloughton for making my Christmas shopping SO easy today 
December 1st got me like 
Christmas has arrived 
Lots of festive activities 
Bernard Bear getting ready for Christmas 
 Introducing a festive treat from ourselves! The 12 Nays of Devolution. We've been told NO, NO, and NO again from 
 Christmas in LCR - Unfortunately the Women's Leadership Group aren't feeling the festive fun, maybe it's all the no's we've had from the 
 “The second day of devolution, my Mayor said to me...” 

The 12 Nays of Devolution from the Women’s Leadership Group 

Happy Christmas LCR! 


Today's the day! Join us in Coalisland from 1pm for the Lights Switch On. The man himself, Santa will illuminate the town at approximately 5.20pm. With free family fun and the 
The Scotch Whisky Advent Calendar as seen in 
Christmas in Maghera beginning from 2pm 
The most 
Ain’t no Party like a Porter Party!@jasminehemsley 
Do you know someone who is wanting to learn Gaelic in 2018? Why not get one of these books to pop under their Christmas tree? 
CHRISTMAS RECIPE! Chocolate orange porridge: 
Today is World Aids Day. A day to remember those lost too soon, to raise awareness and to fight the stigma around AIDS. Here at TWW we’re wearing our red ribbons with pride, and so is our Christmas Tree 
Liked 
Gorgeous Christmas tree 
Very exciting - had an interview today at 
5FH enjoying ice skating 
A fabulously festive morning at 
We say it's definitely ok to get Christmassy! 
Since it's December 1...who's going to allow their pony on the sofa for Christmas?!!! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
Out, two nights on the bounce!
Must be Christmas 
It’s nearly that time of year again - here’s a physics advent calendar 
 What are you doing on Fri 15th Dec? Why not visit your local MACE store and support them on their Jolly Jumper Day? 
All these Xmas adverts we have been creating has really got the team in the christmas spirit. 
Shrubland street is starting to feel very festive 
Volunteers! We're going to be doing some festive busking at the Christmas markets next weekend 
Have you tried our new mobile point of sale? You can now sell and redeem gift vouchers – from anywhere, anytime – on your iPad and iPhone. Is your business set up for the busy holiday season? 
Pancakes on Christmas morning 
Chanced upon a lovely Christmas craft market on my walk through 
Just ONE WEEK until our 
Just 2 WEEKS to go until our 
: Day Three 
: Day Two 
Festive fun & shopping 
Our very own Partner & Head of Conveyancing, Wyn will be doing a reading in Welsh too! It's set to be a fab event 
December the first, is when Michael Buble officially becomes...


 We're switching on Christmas! 
Rise and shine.. IT'S CHRISTMAS!! 
Join us for our Christmas Light Switch On..
merry christmas eve!! hope you all can make it to one of our seven services today, or our 10:00 service tomorrow morning! 
Deck the halls with Virtual Reality 
Christmas tree cakes and swimming in this weeks ASC's. 
We've got some lovely activities to look forward to in the run up to Christmas! 
Join us for some festive Family fun this Christmas – open every day except Christmas day! Get your tickets online by clicking below… 
These 9 places are offering a delicious and festive Christmas afternoon tea throughout December 
It's the 1st of December and we've got that 
Working on our fine motor skills & decorating the Christmas tree 
Kindness countdown to Christmas 
Get prepared for the festive season with a £50 Amazon Gift Card! 
First day of December, countdown begins!
CRA ADVENT 
Deck the doors... Communications team are getting our  
I thought it was just me in a panic.  
Christmas is coming! Save the dates and join us for festive events throughout December at Hope Court, Konar Suite and Harrison House 
Please buy the 
So after that win 
Exciting! 
 to have one of these floating 
No snow today, but we're still feeling festive! 
COMPETITION TIME!!!

Below is a sneak peek of tomorrow's 'Eleventh Day of Christmas' picture. 
Think you have the best decorated office on the Wirral?

Get involved for your chance to win £300 to go towards your Christmas party 
Blue Mountain at Christmas time is magical. Immerse yourself in the Christmas spirit with their spectacular lights, festive storefronts & decorations. Add in strolling carolers, horse & wagon rides & Santa himself! Activities happening all month long
Can we please have a Christmas dress up day at college? 
Not long ‘till 
Foundation Learning students raising money for homeless charity 
I literally could not love this pair more. 
Happy December 1st! It's time to get festive...

Snug Cinema will be showing Elf in Johnny Mac on Monday 4th from 7pm.

Festive snacks included! 
Merry Christmas and happy holidays to everyone!!
Immensely pleased the#KGH AE campaign by residents, 
A group of singers and producers in Guernsey have created their very own version of the popular Christmas hit Band Aid - including a music video 
Top bid is £350 for this shirt and my darts so far. Still just under 5 hours to go until the deadline. 
A reminder, top bid gets the shirt and darts and the money goes to 
Pleased to be asked to do 
Faulty light fitting causes acrid smoke in stock area of St Helier retailer. Crew on scene clearing smoke with ventilation fan. Remember to check your Christmas lights for faulty bulbs/wiring prior to use
Who'd like to be baking some festive goodies in their ABI? 
Who'd like to be spending Christmas at their ABI this year? 
Welcome to Salop Christmas! Lots to see and do for the whole family on the run-up to Christmas 
Merry Xmas ... it’s a time of good will 
Lush Christmas trees from Ali and Joe’s will be in Victoria Park the first two weekends of Dec - reserve now for £5 off! 
COME SHOP WITH ME 
Catch the last hour of the Holiday Open House TONIGHT at Carr's Hill 
Have you picked your tree yet? No? Then come and see us! We have some gorgeous real Christmas Trees ready for you to take home and decorate ready for Father Christmas and all those exciting presents! 
Absolutely over the moon to announce our debut album goes on sale next week. We get to spend Christmas 
Carollers for 
Rudolph is back and better than ever 
 That time of the year, it's finally here,
to be thankful and merry and also to cheer.
Onboard there will be Punch served to you,
with Christmassy smiles by our charming crew. 
The Hills are alive with the Sound of Music! Especially during the wonderful Christmas time 
White House
 See the tree light up nightly: Dusk to 1am, 25 Nov - 1 Jan

Holiday festivities kicked off in Sydney with the lighting of the Martin Place Christmas Tree! 


Help us spread hope to patients, survivors and loved ones
this Christmas by writing good wishes on a pink ribbon. Send your masterpiece back to us and we’ll pop it on our Christmas tree. Download your ribbon here: 
Don't miss out on the 2018 
Ok how's this , Merry Christmas 
Join us this Sat for our Feast of Christmas Music! Celebrate the run-up to Christmas in traditional style this year with uplifting performances and popular Christmas favourites and sparkling audience carols. 
We are pleased to announce that the winner of this year’s Christmas card competition is Year 3 pupil, Phoebe Dutton. 
This Sun 3 Dec sees the return of our Christmas Market. Enjoy a mulled wine, some festive treats and browse our stalls - featuring seasonal produce and local artists. Parking is plentiful and FREE and so is entry! 
We are Sending $100 PayPal to everyone who retweets this!

Happy Early Christmas 
hey theatre nerds...check out this frickin cool pop up that 
Santa and 
MON NOV 27 (5pm): Join Grand Park and 
Thanks for lighting up the holidays with us! Can't wait to do it again next year!
Did I just tear up a bit watching the Rockefeller tree lighting? Yes, yes I did. 
It’s officially Christmas in NYC!
There's nothing like performing at the 
The best way to spread 
I couldn't be more excited to kick off my 
Let's be MERRY & BRIGHT together! Join me To Celebrate Christmas as I bring the joy of the holiday season to you! 
 To that time on tour for 
The magic happens tonight from 6-10pm in 
Calling all NYC 
Get an autographed booklet with purchase of my new "All I Want For Christmas Is You" soundtrack while supplies last at 
December 1st got me like 
Link in bio: 
It has that Melania touch. 
When we are creating atmosphere to christmas
Yes folks...that's 26 listings. 
TWENTY-SIX. 
First thing I see when I open my phone...I’m still waking up but that’s red, right? So festive!!!! 

Our Cyber Monday sale starts NOW! 30% off site wide! And don’t forget, Naughty and Nice Palettes and the Wet Set restock tomorrow at 9am pst! 
Black Friday sale starts TONIGHT at 9pm pst! 40% off all lip products and 30% off palettes (all Kyshadow palettes, Koko Face Palette and Skinny Dip Face Duo) 
Here 
Anyone want to get a bit FESTIVE today stick on my channel VIVA at 1200 for Jedward’s Xmas House Party Top 50! Channel 353 on Sky. 
Met this little guy at 
 Holiday Open House 2017
The very best makeup and skincare products to gift the beauty obsessive in your life this Xmas 
Holiday Posh Packaging, it’s the little things!
We have festive dogs helping us this year with the 
We are getting ahead and prepping for the festive season with some help from our Food Editor and Development Chef. At 1pm tomorrow we are running a Q/A live on Twitter with Emma and Laoise. Vote below on what you need help with this Christmas 
Come and see our 18ft 
‘Tis the Season! Such a great time hosting 
A Holly Jolly Campus: Liberty celebrates the Christmas season.


O N L Y  2 3  D A Y S

          
Rock around the Christmas tree in the elephant house at 1.30pm. Call by and go behind the scenes to help keepers decorate the trees with some of Yhetto and Dhunja's favourite treats!
We are now taking Christmas bookings online! 
Check out our Christmas Opening Hours... 
Have lots of festive family fun this weekend at W5! 
Discover W5’s enchanted world of Winterland this Christmas!
Get ready for a rockin' holiday season with a new episode of 
It's finally December! 
This tiny gingerbread house is totally getting us in the mood to watch 
Download your FREE Christmas activity pack for use with pupils from Foundation to Key Stage 2. 
It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas at Whisper HQ! 
Can't wait for Christmas 
Get in the Christmas spirit before  term ends! 
Is it starting to feel a lot like Christmas in your house on 
 PHOTOS: First Christmases in the White House: From Kennedy to Trump 
Have a great day superheroes and sidekicks 
Young Spireites Christmas Party! 
Fun times yesterday picking Chrsitmas trees 
Our lovely Festive Bird Decorations have started going up on the 
Starting today at 
Don't forget you can buy a Christmas wreath created by our Floristry students at tomorrow's Course Advice day 
Christmas tree done! 
Well, the 
Look to the future now, it's only just beguuuuu-uuuu-nnnnnn-nnnn 
Piece hall been best thing to happen to Halifax in a long time!

Cool Christmas theme going on
Celebrate 
Have yourself a merry little cocktail... 
It's the 1st of December and we have a special treat for you - the Library Services Advent Calendar! 
Claudia I hear u & Im so happy you're enjoying it x 
If you want to buy a Christmas album this year, I highly recommend 
Ahhh thank you m'love it was made in a magical place! 
Knock, knock. Who's there? 
Get into the 
Get festive with us next week for our 
 Our 
Our quintet had a lovely morning at 
RSB quintet are also out in Warwick tonight - hear us at the launch of the Christmas Tree Festival in 
We've got two bands out today - hear us carolling at 
Win a giant Chocolate Robin !!-While you are choosing your Christmas Tree, wreath or yummy goodies from our farm shop 
We are busy making preparations for that certain time of year which is rapidly approaching 
Dreaming of a winter getaway? We're ready to pack our bags and jet off to these 
Looking for the perfect gift for a fellow beauty lover? 
Miller Harris 
Follow us & Retweet this post for a chance of winning today's prize! 
COMING SOON : WANTED THIS WINTER 
It's time to spread the cheer heading into the new year, so we're officially announcing our 'Happy Holidays Giveaway'! 
 We're getting into the spirit of giving this holiday season with a TON of giveaways in the month of December!

Get excited for The Twelve Days of 
Festive fun with 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas...many thanks to 
 wishing you a very merry Christmas with 
Christmas came early 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas... 
 Its beginning to look a lot like 
Pinch, punch- it's our favourite first day of the month! 
It's beginning to look a lot like 
Come home from walking the dog in Battersea park to find Mr has bought a 
12/12 Make December Count! 
The beautiful staircase 
It's beginning to look a little bit like 
CHRISTMAS IS COMING 
I designed my own ugly holiday sweaters!!
Beard gift sets are available!! 
Yes! Fill those boxes for the kids of the Boys & Girls Clubs of Orange, Wake, and Durham. 
It's officially time for hot cocoa, fuzzy socks, baking cookies, and random acts of kindness, of course! 
Spread a little “merry” this weekend! 
 Share the 
You can also pick up a tree at our place! 
Christmas is coming early!
Thanks for this photo 
TONIGHT: Sunday December 3 Greenville TN Niswonger Performing Arts Center 7:30 PM 
'Tis the season! 
We hope you enjoy this first December weekend. Go out with friends, grab a drink, and relax! Let the Holiday festivities begin! 
It's hard to stand out in a photo with this magnificent Christmas tree behind me! 
Guide to all things festive & spectacular in NYC this time of year. 
Celebrate the season with a different take on the holidays 
IT'S BURGER OF THE MONTH TIME!! Get ready for the Blitzen with deer meat, spinach peppadews, feta, bacon and ghost pepper jack cheese. The perfect burger for the holidays 
Special thanks 
This Years Bendel’s Tree 
Get your festive first look at the special 
Getting festive 
Getting in the spirit! 
Last Christmas by George Michael and River by Joni Mitchell are the two best Christmas carols because they’re really just sad romantic songs that take place at Christmas. 
My craftsy friends who know 
We're getting ready for the festive season, come along to one of our fab family events before Christmas and try something new! 
Tacocat closed their 
Sampling our Tryptophantastic Stout plus a TON of other delicious winter beers! 
Giving this yellow loaded mustang to a lucky fan for Christmas 
 Join us for our Improv Comedy Christmas Party! 
Only £1 and 5% back to me, 1% to my local community and 10p to 
December belter just in time for Christmas 
'Tis the season for Family, Fun, & Giving
The First 300 Nowells
Our term has ended with a wonderful  concert from the 
Oh and there's a World Premiere in tonight's 
There's a new Christmas carol by 
Limited number of Tix available Friday @ Noon. All proceeds from the door go to 
December is here! Get in the 
Neither, it’s Father Christmas...Santa is an American version...there is only one Father Christmas 
Christmas has come to the Intermusica office, courtesy of 
Looking classically festive in the great hall 
 Day2: Can’t wait for our sell-out Handel Messiah tonight at 
Lovely way to kickstart Christmas 
Extra seats just released for 
This morning rehearsing Christmas 
A shout out for our friends at 
Looking forward to a festive edition of Live At The Chapel tonight! with Live At The Chapel With Rob Delaney + Joe Wilkinson + Lolly Adefope + Ed Gamble + festive choir 
Celebrate the beginning of Advent this Friday with Oana Cǎtǎlina Chiţu: ancient Romanian winter songs and the evocative sounds of the cimbalom and accordion
New Tees INNN! 
white x all size avail
Don’t forget, 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
Hoodies, Tees, Manumit 
Can you believe it’s almost 1 month until Christmas?! 
Ooh check out our CHRISTMAS POP-UPS!! 
Now here are several reasons to visit Leeds Market today! 
Three more hours to donate through Crowdfunder to give a 
It’s a pleasure. Looking forward to donning the elf hat for another delivery soon
Delivery #1
You can pick up some favourites again this Sat 2nd at our Christmas farmers’ market!find them on the independent quarter & around the fountain area 
Our friends at 
What's more 
 Looking for some festive fun in Yorkshire? Well look no further - here's some ace activities for all the family: 
 My poorly girl felt a whole lot better after getting her letter from you 
Stoked to be co-hosting this benefit show for 
One of 
Only 25 sleeps left till CHRISTMAS! 
Who said putting the tree up would be easy! We can't wait to see it finished! 
Keep up the good work 
Great to see our station buzzing with a lot of festive visitors, our 
Our elves are busy preparing for Santa's arrival on Sunday... And our chefs are busy preparing our Christmas menu! Booking essential 
If you're struggling for Christmas gift ideas this year, or looking for something that little bit different, then take a look at what we have on offer! 
December is almost upon us, but there is still time to book onto one of our fabulous party nights 
December is almost upon us, but there is still time to book onto one of our fabulous 
Visit Berkins Deli, located next to The Eagle at Barrow, where you will find lots of inspiration for your Christmas essentials, including a great selection of wines, store cupboard treats and beautifully selected hampers! 
Get into the Christmas 'spirit' this Friday evening by coming along to The Fence Gate and sampling our vast array of gins! 
WATCH: Hook (
Join us live at 5pm at 
• I can’t believe it’s already December 1st! •


Christmas tree cupcakes for our Christmas experience 
It's beginning to look a lot like ..well, you know ... at .
Great day out today 
Great performance by 
  at Kilvey Community Woodland for Christmas Tree Cutting Day! 
 ready for a fun day out in Pentrechwyth. Come join us for hot drinks and BBQ, take home a Free Christmas tree 
 Young Carers Family group’s 1st session this evening. Great opportunity for families to socialise and share their experiences 
Everyone is getting into the festive spirit o day! 
Merry Christmas from everyone 
MUNGO STICKERS
Enjoy the simple things in life this Christmas and eternalise your love with engravable Love Bridge bracelets 
Fri 1st Dec is the last 
’Tis the season to be a blessing and to be blessed
Thank you BASEL 
Tis the season! 
 S L E I G H K W E E N 
You guys I went ALL OUT!! 
To Do List:

1. Worry about tax-bill from hell that makes national debt soar;
2. Be pissed about growing list of sexual harassers in gvt  & secret hush-fund from hell paid by taxpayers.
3. Focus on Flynn & Russia, Russia, Russia;
4. Do stuff to get ready for Xmas
Holiday Doughnuts are back in shops, just in time to add them to your wishlist. 
‘Tis the season for holiday donuts // Sprinkles on top, please...
My favorite holiday tradition. Attending the annual 
Please keep the people of Puerto Rico in your thoughts this holiday season 
Passwords are crucial to securing your business accounts and networks. Don’t be a fool, secure your passwords and have a 
party 
Partyyy season 
The day the SoPo/Cape Rotary trailer appears in Mill Creek is one of my fav days of the year 
Welcome December
Thinking of putting a new phone under the tree this Christmas? 
This little 
And the tree is officially lit! 
Merry Christmas to everyone we've had the pleasure of meeting & working with this past year. We hope you enjoy this special time 
Feeling festive yet? Bring the whole family and join us for a morning of 
Feeling festive 
Putting up your tree this weekend? Make sure you don't forget these two! Make your own Gruffalo and Gruffalo's child 
Our beautiful Sophie putting the finishing touches to our Christmas tree which sits proudly in the Playroom 
Norfolk black feather turkey, smoked bacon & cranberry stuffing, pigs in blanket. 
We hosted our first Christmas party last night and this is a sneak peak of our Christmas menu this year 
It's not long now! We've had our Christmas managers party. Have you got yours booked? 
Gearing up for special guest 
Treat yourself to a delicious, festive Afternoon Tea 
Who knew that a sculpture gallery built in the 19th century would so perfectly suit 21st century lighting and Christmas decorations...? 
Such happy Christmassy times in 
We had a great afternoon decorating the Christmas tree at 
Save the Children's 
Surrey Advent: 

Day 
Portobello Road is beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
 Make your own Christmas Cards! 
And the 
We're glad to hear it! Choosing a book is an adventure in itself, after all. 
Just a few of our stalls helping raise funds for 
Votes are in and we have an early Christmas present for you!
It's nearly that time again! 
Dreaming of a VR Christmas: 
Sunday night in Scotland. We know what you’re doing. We see you. 
Having a mini pre Xmas holiday weekend 
Back at the legendary 
Wheely buzz around the city this afternoon with the launch of 
A beautiful crisp 
Let the Christmas shopping begin! 
Christmas flavour are taking over the kitchen this morning 
Shhhh.....A sneak peek of our pop-up Christmas Shop! 
Christmas has arrived! 
Excitement is building as the opening of our pop-up NEW 
We found Stitch the Snowman at 
After dinner with us at Stix and stones this December .....
We are feeling the festive love 
Not to be missed 
The Russian santa, Winterberry gin and Plum&Clove Bourbon Smash 
Great nite 
It’s almost here - Christmas Market in our school 
Buncrana Christmas Tree Festival 
Lasadh na Soilse Nollag Inniu ag 5! 
Welford is among friends here in Loughborough at the Santa Fun Run 
Don’t forget to book your tickets to watch us perform in the Waterfront on Sat 16th Dec at 2.30pm as part of Peter Corry’s The Music Box with special guest 
SHARE THE NEWS - 3 WEEKS UNTIL 
22 DAYS BEFORE 
Get in the mood for Christmas this Saturday 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
It’s beginning to a lot like Christmas 
 TICKETS NOW ON SALE! 
Adding stuff to your online basket like
James Nesbitt recalls his favourite 
We're looking forward to Celebrating with 
Busy, fun day outside with 
We have lots of lovely gifts and stocking fillers for sale - call in and see us today 
Thanks for the review Looks a great book to buy for inspiration at Christmas time 
SO much fun last night 
tree making for 
me after pressing play on the first Christmas song of the season 
 Take a look at these beautiful trees starting from £5 in store now 
‘Set to delight thousands in the festive period’ 
I haven’t been to a panto for as long as I can remember but 
Love the moment each year when 
Friends in Scotland. Just to say I shall be signing books at Waterstones in Glasgow (Monday, 17:30-19:30) and in Edinburgh (Tuesday, 12:30). Looking forward to it so much. Details below. 
The Christmas decorations are still sleeping, tucked up in their boxes in the attic. I shall give them a few more days of peace. 
This day last year I was eating cake in a deliciously frosty Vienna. All in the name of research of course. 
Today’s Observer Food Monthly. A bulging 76 page Christmas stocking of wonder. Including Jay Rayner eating alone, Rachel Cooke on acid and Jeremy Lee in a dress. (Not to mention gifts under a tenner, recipes, and our Christmas taste tests.) 
Sat 10th Dec: Festive Fun 
It’s Christmas time in 
Give someone an extra special gift this Christmas with our personalised coffee bags! Print someone's name or a special message at no extra cost, order here:
Only a few hours left to enjoy our 
DIY confetti filled Christmas baubles! So simple and fun to make! 
I wasn't going to, but I've been struck by festive spirit! I'm currently working on my 
Sewing red ruffles on the first day of December! 
Christmas party with the Isabella Association 
It's all about to kick off @ the 1st Big Sheep 
My Christmas festive inspired look 
New post with 
It’s basically Christmas now then, isn’t it 
 A little hint so Santa knows what to leave under my tree 
Decorating our office for this Saturday! 
Come on out to the open house at the Legislature this Saturday, December 2nd between 1-3pm! 
Love having a dog 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas at the Leg! Looking forward to MC-ing Saturday’s open house with 
DAY 3!
Leave the cooking to us and enjoy a delicious Christmas feast at 
Our open house will have ways to give back with a House of Friendship Giving Tree! 
Time to warm up a little 
Christmas is coming and we have a delicious dinner planned for you! 
Toy Drive Time 
’s Christmas Single is out. Proceeds to 
 is underway for our 
Captain 
Great night at The Mount in 
Wear the pride, share the pride this holiday season. Shop new arrivals and Fall Clearance at 
These 
TIDINGS
#6 I am saving Christmas for you 
Just a week til our Christmas Hacks event at 
Thank you Cheryl 
Only 4 days until 
Christmas anyone? 
"It was incredibly well written and captured my attention from the start. The author has a real talent for bringing Biblical stories to life."

4,000+ of you voted to find the UK’s most popular Christmas market. Congrats to Lincoln Christmas Market 
Join us for a festive day at 
We’re super excited to be welcoming 
When a bookworm puts up a Christmas tree...


Thanks to Vaughn Geiger Insurance for putting our central office under Elf surveillance...thankful for the many delicious treats our Elf brought to kick off the season! Happy December
We're big fans of the amazing work 
It's Christmas tree day UCHS! Show some Christmas spirit! 
With the winter coming in we're looking forward to a very 
Wines Direct have launched their new online shop...just in time for Christmas! 
You know you're from Canada when the Ontario Government declares the first Saturday of December 
The trees are here! Sales start at 12PM today - join us beside the ticket tent at 
We’re working on our float for tomorrow’s parade! Look out for us, our 
We're all ready for Christmas at 
Looks like Santa (aka Denman Place Dental) brought toothbrushes and floss for our youth at 
Last Week I was kindly invited to enjoy a Pre-Christmas Treat at 
This Christmas 
Tis the festive season! 
Visit our annual 
Happy December 1st! Its officially the festive season.
New Cup this week for 
We've got 5 jerseys closing tonight! Be sure to place your bids on the 
Party season is almost upon us! Celebrate your annual get-together with friends, or the anticipated work Christmas party with us!
Our Fratelli Christmas dinners are going down a treat tonight 
 Gift For You | Gift For Me 
We’ve been busy decorating the Castle for Christmas 
Killarney Toastmasters in the Dromhall Hotel 2nd & 4th Tuesdays - it's looking festive over here! ( Christmas Party Night at Dromhall is Dec 15th!) 
Christmas in full swing at Randles Hotel 
Delighted to welcome our hardworking Minister for State at the Department of Transport, Tourism & Sport Brendan Griffin 
This is what Christmas looks like... 
No plans for Christmas? 
We're having a terrific time at the 2017 Flato Home for the Holidays Gala for 
It’s Xmas decorations weekend & you need a soundtrack! 
 students are proud to be singing at 
Tonight! Rain or Less rain 
SNEAK PEEK: 

Next week we’ll hear from 
Quick! Come see National Lampoon's Christmas Vacation at IMAX before it's gone! Playing tonight, Thursday, November 30 to Sunday, December 3. Get your tickets and see showtimes at 
Get in the holiday spirit and take your little ones to IMAX to see The Light Before Christmas! From now until Christmas, this holiday short is playing every Saturday and Sunday at 11:15am for only $6 a ticket! 
It’s RELEASE DAY for Imagine!! You can buy or stream it TODAY at the links on my website: 
What is your favourite song on Imagine? 
Thank you so much for all your kind words about Imagine! You can buy physical CDs, digital downloads and stream the 
Listen to “Wrap it Up,” the first single from Imagine, my new 
Looking forward to seeing people 
*sniff, sniff*
I smell fresh cut family. There must be at least one tree lot open already, somewhere in HRM! 
Give the gift of pie 
Join me & the 
Neither sleet nor rain nor dead of night could dampen our holiday spirits at Friday night’s 
We've got our Christmas tree up and Christmas tunes playing in the office today! 
It’s Christmas Hope time 
My seniors decorated my door for Christmas!!! 
So many chances to hear “This Christmas” LIVE this week! 
What do you get when Ebenezer Scrooge, Santa Claus & 
Join us for the best holiday party in 
It’s Cyber Weekend! Free shipping from now through Monday at 
Come to the 
It's December 1st...you know what that means!!! 
So excited my Christmas EP is out
You better Deck Yourself Before You Wreck Yourself, 
Attending the tree lighting in Gore Park 
 The Holiday Issue has hit the streets! Grab your copy throughout 
The only thing better than free shipping? Free shipping + a free holiday tie bar when you spend $40 
BACK BY POPULAR DEMAND! Free ‘holiday lights’ tie bar when you spend $40, limited time only 
For those of you who haven’t snagged your 
The 12 Hotels of Christmas - Where Can You Stay This Festive Season? Some of these amazing Christmas packages may still be available 
No kid's Christmas list is complete without this 
Is this on your kid's Christmas list?

If not, it should be! 
Attend This Christmas Market With a Difference to Help Meaghers and Xposé Raise €50,000 for Charity 
Enter the festive season and discover Clarins Festive Jewels. 
Making the most of this natural beautiful light before we head to the theatre for our Nutcracker season ! Less than a week 
G enjoyed his breakfast this morning! Anyone else cracked open their 
Want something to make your freestyle a little more festive. Help is here to have you ready for December 
Pick your perfect Christmas Tree with 
Confused by the different types of real Christmas trees? Try our quick quiz to find your perfect match! 
Make a visit to the forest this weekend and start the festive season to pick up your homegrown Christmas tree 
Experience magic this winter! We have two 
That’s 
It's beginning to feel a bit like 
Looking for inspiration about what to do in the build up to Christmas 
Holly's doing a great job putting up the Christmas tree 
Don't forget we are open on Sunday for all your Christmas Bookish needs! 11am-4pm 
Mulled wine & mince pies tonight 
 GET READY FOR CHRISTMAS WITH MGP
We know a lot of you have been waiting to hear this man! Take it away, 
Giveaway: Do you wanna get festive with 
The Lemon Twigs (
Christmas vibes are on at 
Coming to today’s game? Check out our Mini Locker Room Sale behind section 107 & get the 
Hope everyone is enjoying this time of the year with the special people in their lives! 
1) On the 3rd day of Woofmas...
Is your dog behind door number three? 
THE COUNTDOWN TO CHRISTMAS STARTS TOMORROW! 
Do you know someone who’s OBSESSED with dogs?! Then DogFest tickets would be the ULTIMATE Christmas gift for them! Order before 15th December and receive a FREE CHRISTMAS TICKET WALLET 
GSRE CHRISTMAS ADVENT FUNDRAISER 
We are so excited to announce that tomorrow will be the first day of our......
12 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS GIVEAWAY! 
Tired of tennis balls being destroyed in minutes? Check out our range of super tough toys 
If you’re looking for tough stuff, then our Diamond Plate Ball is the toy you need! It’s guaranteed for life 
We won these in the 
Treat your pup this Christmas with our delicious hand baked goodies 
What’s on your dogs wish list this Christmas? The Chuckit! Fetch Medley is a great choice for fun and durability 
Last orders ladies & gentleman please!... our fabulous handmade stockings will no longer be available after Friday 
One of my favourite childhood memories! Santa at the firehall 
We're looking forward to the 
Congratulations to team Won Click for taking first place in our holiday t-shirt decorating competition today! 
With team members like this, it's not hard to see why we have happy customers. 
Another set of framed art pieces ready to go out and under someone’s tree 
The calm before the storm. First official weekend of the Toronto Christmas Market! On until Dec 23rd. 
Congratulations!

Pick up your tickets for A Christmas Story now...they won’t last! 
THIS WEEKEND AT THE STC! 
Everyone loves beer for 
Merry Christmas everyone! 
Cookies! It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in the Taste Cafe - with some delicious shortbread cookies to buy when you visit this festive season including red-nosed reindeer, Christmas trees and baubles! 
Join us at this weekend's tree lighting celebrations at 
We’re LIVE in Central Park at Harlem Meer for caroling, ice carving and holiday cheer! 
Thanks so much to Clare @smythstoysloughton for making my Christmas shopping SO easy today 
Winterville is coming 
It's the
A HUGE thank you to the lovely lady who saw me struggling to carry the Christmas tree home & gave me a lift in her car. Anouschka - you are an Angel! 
If you're crazy enough to be heading anywhere near Oxford Street or Regent St this Xmas, make sure you book in a lunch here 
Meet the 17 EPIC street food traders who will be heading to our Street Feast arena at 
20 minutes 'til you get to go 
Let's celebrate all the fantastic local businesses who make 
Who else is getting into the festive spirit?! 
Practicing our Christmas carols. 
Tree decorating listening to 
It’s back!!!!! This years Santa versus Elves game is taking place on Weds Dec 13th at Archers Arena. Who will win the Christmas treats this year?? 
It’s DECEMBER!!! My fav month 
T H E  C H R I S T M A S  P I Z Z A
Top job by the BBC One Marketing team and BBC Creative. 
Good afternoon and welcome to Broadhurst Park where we host Liverpool Marshall Feds Reserves in the league this afternoon - 2pm KO!
If you're following the Snowflake Trail, don't forget to head to 
Spread some festive cheer and 
Fly away with us! Watch the Muppet Christmas Carol, on our pedal-powered cinema, in festive Middleton Hall 
Make this December the most festive ever by visiting Santa's Winter Wonderland! 
Just four more shows in Llandudno before we visit our final 2017 venue (and the home of our producers 
Rise and shine.. IT'S CHRISTMAS!! 
A fun evening out to round off Heart Team Day last night and seeing the launch of 
6 WEEKS TODAY 
Best Christmas song of all time? 
The moment our Christmas tree at Waterloo opened up! Thanks to everyone who worked throughout the night to bring some festive joy to travellers through Waterloo this winter 
Bang up to date for 2017 –  the Official Top 20 biggest selling Christmas hits of ALL TIME revealed 
This will get you all in the 
Christmas spirit 
Think it’s time to get the 
HAPPY DECEMBER EVERYBODY!!! 
I'm so excited to announce the brand new Oli White Christmas Merchandise
Have you seen today’s video? Find out the story behind the upcoming green wrap for my 
Tomorrow .... 
Y'all need to taste this sh*t it is WAY more dangerous than crack I have been in the TJ all month like WHERE TF IS MY 
We’re on the countdown to 25th December, with only 1 month to go ”YAAASSSS!” 
Tag a friend you haven't seen since last December and invite them for a 
At these farms and forests, the search for the perfect 
The internet had so much fun with this 
Inscribed copies of 
Our Christmas Tree has arrived at Margaret Thatcher House, Romford - looking forward to the annual "Carols Round The Christmas Tree" with the Royal British Legion Band & Corps of Drums later this month! 
Jesus, Gary, and Joseph
Mini Christmas market today. 
It’s the last day of November. What better way to toast the start of advent than baking this yummy Christmas Crumble Slice? Filled with festive cheer!
I feel it is now acceptable to post a Christmas recipe with a month to go! This Mincemeat Crumble Slice is made with 
Help us make LEGO decorations for our Christmas Tree! 
Friendly reminder about “The Ugly 
What an incredible day! 
Have you heard? 
It's beginning to feel a lot like 
Last night I was thrilled to join other volunteers from 
Today has been INCREDIBLE - thank you so much if you came to our gorgeous little Christmas market.. Launceston we love you 
Nearly ready 
 from 
NEW gear just in time for the holidays
RT & Follow for a chance to 
Looking forward to hosting 
We love the feel of the Hotel at Christmas.. Log Fires, Cosy Corners & Great Food ... whose joining us this weekend? 
Day one of the Active Advent from 
Those Christmas feels are creeping in this weekend over at 
Christmas is coming! 
You are officially invited to 
Brett is performing TOMORROW NIGHT on A Very Pentatonix Christmas with 
TUCK-IN TUESDAY! 
Grab a pizza, salad & drink for £10. 
Getting you ready for Christmas. 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas!
**CHRISTMAS BOOKINGS**

Don’t forget to book with us for before the 29th November. 
Secure those seats & have a fantastic 
December is heeeere! 
On a very wet and windy week 9 of 
Come to our Christmas open day from 10am, Saturday 2nd Dec! 
Check out our Instagram page to be in with a chance of winning a 
Holidays are coming 
A little while ago I recorded ‘White Christmas’ in 
Listen: 
 + Christmas Music = my biggest dream come true. I could actually cry
ICYMI: On the second day of 
Day 2 of the Christmas Fayre 
Finally time to head to 
Got the perfect decoration for the top of my tree 
Well as its December 1st tomorrow we thought this might put you in the 
Our branches have been bringing festive cheer this week, with our Kilcot branch helping to light up 
It is now acceptable to play as many Christmas songs as you like! 
Christmas Daily Deals
"December first, I'm in a foreign state. I'm running late. I'm all alone, wishing I was home with you, baby..." 
At least I get to listen to something entertaining in gridlocked N1 traffic this morning. Happy December 
TONIGHT — 
Christmas has its own dangers for Heathrow Airport security 
Day 2 of our 25 day of Christmas 
Happy 1st December!  Here’s the perfect way to get into the mood for Christmas 
Look what has landed on our tree this Christmas 
Tune in today at 2pm for an in-studio performance from 
May your days be merry and bright. 
Need more Christmas Soul? Check out the holiday song I wrote for 
Massive nite on Shankill from 6.30-Lantern Carnival Parade & 
Preparations underway for our Big Switch On this Friday 1st Dec 6pm .....3 days to go 
From December 1st you will be able to buy your Christmas Trees from us at our HQ in Cork.
Found the perfect one. 
Saturday mornings at 
Spruce up your holidays with our  most polarizing Seasonal beer! Old Tjikko is back on tap at the Grove Bierhall. Come see which side of the fence you’re on. Prost!! 
 Today’s 
Every day in the run up to Christmas I’ll be posting an 
I had a great time at the Birch Community Centre Christmas Market today. Wonderful creative community spirit, well done all involved
I had a wonderful time at the Fallowfield Christmas Lights switch on last night with the 
My perfect aubergine-laden tree. Not sure there could be any better tree for a Middle Eastern gal, like me! Baubles 
Just had a tweet off a hat saying he found this bad lad, and we have some of these magic hats that can make you handsome available at the club. However, some of last year’s didn’t work. 
Feeling festive! 
PERFORMER ANNOUNCEMENT! Cheesecake extraordinaire Harlow Kitty!
December 21st at 
The countdown is on... our Christmas Fair is tomorrow! 
If you are visiting 
Yet to book your Christmas Night Out? We still have limited availability... 
Get your aprons on for these Christmas bakes! 
It's December and we're bringing you your very own Good Food Advent calendar! We'll be posting a festive recipe every day to see you through to Christmas 
Hi folks! Don't forget we'll be open this Sunday (3rd December) from 11:00 to 16:30 for a special festive day - mulled wine, mince pies & 
Help raise a cheer by retweeting. We are giving 5p from every Christmas 
Delicious! yes please.  yum! yum!
 It’s December, and time for our 
Happy 1st December!! 
Don't forget that the Christmas Markets at George Sq and St Enoch Sq are now open - pop down for great food & drink, festive gifts and entertainment! 
The annual 
The George Square Christmas Market opens tomorrow! 
Meet Walter, the star of our Christmas campaign
It starts here! We’re officially launching Christmas from 8am! An hour of your fave Christmas tunes! Which one do you want to hear? Dave & Heidi 
Made it to my car with a minute to spare. 
Great stripes and nice gem placement. Thank you Myles (No 1, not No 2). 
London looking rather suave in its festive garb 
Give the perfect gift this Christmas! 
It's official - our tree is now up at the Old College quadrangle and the festive season is here at 
 NSDG event 6 Dec, Invercarse Hotel, Dundee 7pm, Christmas 
Look out for the Christmas Elf at the the 
Bit of snow this morning....starting to feel like Christmas! 
The festive season has officially started at the 
 you guys are amazing!!  63 gift bags made to brighten christmas morning for local kiddies 
Nice afternoon at the West SDA HQ in Hamilton for 
Preparations for the SFRS Family Support Trust Beneficiary Christmas Lunch are almost complete. Looking forward to seeing everyone on Sat
Keeping up the Christmas themed tweets! 
Guess what we're up to today!! 
Happy 1st December baes! Who else wants David Beckham under their QUIZMAS tree 
Check out these 10 Great Gifts for Christmas 
This is our kind of advent! 
Now it’s finally December it is time to get the decorations out! Find out how we decorate our Christmas tree 
What a wonderful day at 
Love this photo! Nicky is kindly manning our stall at the 
Visit Post Grad to see our remembrance tree
Also 100% buying these 
Lovely night feeling Christmassy with 
So weird seeing this years Mcdonalds Christmas advert on tv as it was filmed in Bath 
Pick up the perfect 
Not signed up to our newsletter? See the latest in 
 Day 3 of our countdown to Christmas 
 Day 2 of our countdown to Christmas 
  Day 1 of our countdown to Christmas 
TONIGHT!!
HANGER FARM'S CHRISTMAS COUNTDOWN
 has been at it again. New artwork for Christmas 
Thanks for brewing up some fun at our place! 
Is it too early?
Absolutely stunning stuff from Daniel Kitson tonight at 
*Plays Mariah’s Christmas hits* Off out dancing tonight? Perhaps some shopping (of the Christmas variety) tomorrow? Here’s what you need to know. 

‘It’s the most wonderful time of the year’
I’ve been treated by the kids 
Finishing touches to tree one 
A Skateboard is for life not just for 
Make sure to follow our Instagram page to stay up to date with all of our favourite 
Looking for something unique for that special someone this Christmas?
Do Saturdays get any better ! Love a pint of 
CHRISTMAS IS COMING! 
What do you get if you eat Christmas decorations? 
Where do you get your Christmas tree? 
The Elf on the Shelf has made his way into STV HQ in Glasgow and he's already ruffling a few BIG feathers, eh 
If you’re putting the tree 
PCSO Buddy welcomed our first donations at Blyth Police Office this morning! Anyone wishing to help donate to the local food bank can donate anytime Mon-Fri 10-2. Or 
It’s cold outside and 
Deck the halls with rows of bookshelves, fa la la la la! 
The snow is falling in Manhattan & it’s almost Christmas...
This is beautiful, 
On a mission with my 
I’m so excited to take part in this virtual holiday party! Come join us! 
Four are in the 
Fabulous festive read here from the superb 
It is the season of advent! 
Happy December 1st!! 
MAGGIE’S CHRISTMAS MIRACLE on 
Can’t wait for you to see 
TONIGHT’s the night!! I hope you’re ready to tweet with me during 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas ... 
Such a fun chat with 
Psssst... the Christmas bandanas have landed! We have tonnes of designs & as with the bows, there's everything from the traditional to the quirky 
So who’s had their advent calendar for ages and been waiting for this day?
Can your festive outfit get any sassier? 
Incoming: major Christmas party inspo! 
Retweet if you deserve to go! 
LIVING for these Christmas vibes!! 
Christmas festive menu now available at SAKEYA London
This week it’s all about Anxiety at Christmas 
Christmas has come to art club!! 
It’s time to get into the Christmas Spirit! 
You heard that right – "Christmas is Coming!"
Still need to get into the festive spirit? Come check out our Jamaican stylee Christmas tree! 
Chuffed to be apart of this year's 
‘It’s Beginning to look a lot like Christmas’ 
Christmas has arrived at The Top Oak 
The lovely ukulele players are entertaining the crowd at the second day of our Christmas Fair! Open til 8pm - come and enjoy some festive late night shopping 
Feeling Christmassy 
ITS CHRISTMAS! To celebrate Newports turning on of the lights, Saturday 18th November all kids meals will be on us! 
 Christmas Streetfood Special 
We are open 7 days a week throughout 
Fe-fi-fo-fum....I smell the excitement of Christmas Science fun!
Join us 
We are open for the first of six Sunday openings today come in and see us from 10am-4:30pm 
The Cafe Beam Christmas tree is now up.... the festive season is officially upon us 
It's the countdown to Christmas! Happy 1st December!! 
 
Preschool uses shape stencils to create at the Writing Center. #imagination#learningtowrite#
Fun night! 
AMERICAN CHRISTMAS is out now!!!! 
THE MAKING OF.... 
Our own little Cindy Lou Who.
About 48 hours away from the Hillsborough Holiday Parade! 
Oh Christmas tree!
Countdown until lights on at the 
 The Tree has arrived at City Hall! Don't miss the Mayor's Tree Lighting this Saturday night! For more info, please visit: 
Can we all agree that Christmas light projectors are the fedora of holiday decor? 
Our holiday hours are now posted on the website. 
Hey peeps ... The new "Bram The Human Nightmare Before Christmas" Tee is available now!!! Shipping will be a week or two so get your orders in early incase your overseas etc ... Available at 
FRIENDLY REMINDER: Tomorrow is the last day to bring a toy to any 
REMINDER: Just 2 days left in the 
Our homebase holiday card! 
Poinsettia sale going on NOW! Call and place your order by Nov. 27. Proceeds benefit LRD. 
Get your holiday poinsettia - red, white, pink, marble, & red glitter! Only $20 and the proceeds benefit LRD. Call us today to order!
Rhema Lights 
Thank you to Everyone for all your RT s& Fave’s . Merry Christmas 
Merry Xmas ... it’s a time of good will 
Thank you to everyone who came to hear us play 
Don't forget it's 
Looking forward to Sherborne festive shopping day tomorrow. 
It’s almost Christmas and I don’t have a wishlist for people to buy me presents but I do have a fundraising page to support people living with cancer and their carers! Please donate and help make someones Christmas a little bit more special 
First signs of Christmas 
All Christmas merch has been shipped! If there's demand for more of the grinch shirts and BSS jumpers let me know and we'll think about releasing more 
Bundles, bundles, totes bundles!! It’s beginning to look a lot like 
We've put together a list of all the festive fun you can have across 
Here is today’s advent 
For our first Children's 
Behind the 
Any book I work on has some free accompanying activities that go along with it, so you can give a book AND something fun to do or cuddly toy!
My biggest challenge during Christmas is not singing Mariah Carey’s All I Want for Christmas every time I hear it. It’s literally my favourite. 

Who's ready for Christmas tunes?! Let's ho ho go! 

Share your favourite Christmas tunes 
Why buy your Auntie Linda a soap set from the chemist? Look thoughtful this Christmas and treat her to 
Readers are loving 
Praise from 
Yo-ho-ho! Kickin off the 
One month to go! 
We've put up our first ever Christmas tree! Check out Christy-Tiana gracing the top... 
Downtown Raleigh....lit! 

The 
Happy Saturday! Are you headed downtown to shop, eat, or attend the Christmas tree lighting tonight from 4-8 @ city plaza? 
hey theatre nerds...check out this frickin cool pop up that 
End Of The Road Christmas Shindig is here on the 6th Dec & you're all invited..
It's been an honor to enjoy the 
The sun may be going down earlier, but it's certainly not dark in 
Gorgeous pieces at our Holiday Photography Market 
Glasgow theatre announces autism-friendly 'relaxed performances' of this year's Christmas shows 
 Holiday package! 
'Tis the season 
Welcome the season with a delicious 
Are you putting up your Christmas tree? Trim your tree with ornaments from Sendik's Home! 
Spoil your holiday bae with these sexy stocking stuffers! 
When you don’t feel good and the only place you will sleep is under the Christmas tree 
Thrilled to be part of Carols this year 
To thank our supporters in 2017 our digital Advent Calendar has just launched with a special offer available each day. Be sure to check back daily until December 24! 
Let the joyous news be spread: New seats presale on now Melbourne & tickets to 
COUNTDOWN TO 
The Rockefeller Center tree. Happy Holidays. Xmas in this city is amazing. 
Here’s a message from Gocsy! Grab ya tix tomorrow from 9am (QLD) 
Tis' the season to get merry big. Catch the best new bands first at 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in 
DYK that every year the 
TICKET ALERT!

There’s little space left for the Christmas gig at 
Smiley face t-shirts are now back in stock... go grab them at our online store 
CHRISTMAS SONG SUGGESTIONS PLEASE THANKS 
So the first Jimmy’s open mic was a success! We had an impromptu performance from 
Remember that 
Christmas has arrived at 
It's officially Christmas at the Old Swan & Minster Mill! We love the festive period, cosy fires, the smell of cinnamon, gingerbread men, hundreds of fairy lights and of course, a lot of mulled wine! 
The Christmas decorations are going up in our Shepton Mallet office, just in time for December!! 
Our stores are filled with 
We’re about to go secure the tree 
On the 1st day of Christmas UoR offered ye... the chance to live & learn in beautiful places like Svalbard (c/o 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas. A few pics from Christmas house decorations for the lovely 
Loved Elf 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas on campus 
Come along tomorrow for this gorgeous event to get you feeling warm and Christmassy! 
Maybe Christmas,  he thought, doesn’t come from a store...

Maybe Christmas, perhaps means a little bit more - The Grinch


It’s nearly that time of year again - here’s a physics advent calendar 
 Caprice The Essex Wind Orchestra are hosting their Christmas Nowell Concert this Saturday. With traditional carols, medleys and new arrangements of favourite Christmas music 
Feeling festive? 
 Festive Afternoon Tea 
Don’t forget the preview Evening of our Christmas showcase Exhibition tonight. 5-9pm. 
Mulled wine and minced pies too! 
Counting down the days until: 

Christmas Market I am ready for you! It’s proper toasty in our little barn this morning so grab a cup of mulled cider and snuggle in 
Twenty one framed prints and originals, twenty canvas cushions, fifty Christmas gift tags, sixty china mugs, over two hundred greetings cards, and a partridge in a pear tree to take to 
It’s festive and cosy (and busy!) in the Yurt! Told you that all the top places get booked up early for 
Spent today shooting Christmas recipes for 
Christmas time is almost here, so we've pulled in Santa Baby to spread some Iconic cheer! Not just 1, not just 2, we have 12 festive offers to see you through! 
NEWS: The Lord Mayor of Chester 
 Ready to go 
Made it onto the best-selling 
Get Christmas sorted, visit 
Thank you to all our members who joined us at our 
Are you all ready for your 
The Rock Choir are bringing in the crowds! Felling very Christmassy here in Kenilworth! 
The fantastic 
The Kenilworth light switch on is in full swing! 
We are ready for the Touch FM’s Christmas Party 
 from yesterday's matinee show 
 love all my Wilko Christmas ornaments 
Christmas Day fun sorted, thanks to 
We’re getting into the 
Great fun at our 
A private performance by 
Make it a special Christmas for the Reds in your life 
To all our lovely clients.. we have very limited availability left leading up to Christmas
It’s officially here... the most 
Voucher sales are going well at 
All set up and ready for some 
Today we set up the 
The countdown to Christmas is on!! 
Only the Grinch should have green fingers this 
We're looking for a musical 
We’ve gift ideas for all the family in our winter issue including these lovely presents for pets from 
December is finally upon us, which means... it's time to get festive! 
Loved it!! A brilliant day once again.  Full of cakes, buns,beer,snakes,mice,pets,
flowers,beauty,books & Christmas decorations! Please do shop local 
 has arrived in 
Fancy a Christmas jumper that's guaranteed for 30 years? 
 @ Tower Bridge 
As it's December 1st here's a sneak peek at a rather festive treat from 
Have you written your Christmas Cards yet? If not, head to 
Tree Day!!! 
Very festive at the unique women in business event today 
- COMING DOWN AT NOON TODAY- come and buy a unique Christmas present before they fly away!! 
Happy Day 1 of 
That's all folks! See you next week - stay creative and hope you all enjoy the first week of 
These guys are featured on 
It begins... 
 It's December so we can officially get excited about Christmas 
Xmas & New Year Packages Brochures are available
Just Announced! Join us for the special
We've also got our undergraduate Christmas lunch today.. must be something in the air! 
 5 days to Dec... and our countdown of the big festive highlights in 
 6 days to Dec... and our countdown of the big festive highlights in 
Just released a special bundle 
Come down to see Emma at the Longhope Christmas Fair today. Come down to the Latchen Rooms to see Emma for all your beer needs 
Festive pants :) and a free hat & free delivery from 
Come and buy your cut tree from us this weekend with 20% OFF ALL OUR CUT CHRISTMAS TREES!! 
Tomorrow we'll launch our farm safety advent calendar
You're invited to the 
Looking for a pawesome present for your dog this xmas? Explore 100's of stalls at 
Enjoy lots of festive articles in the last Kennel Club Gazette for 2017 
The Tea Room tree is up and looking fabulous
Our customers rave about Cinque Ports' Yorkshire puddings! Please call to reserve your Sunday lunch on 01843 269431
Christmas has arrived at Careers! 
Two thumbs up for a beautiful 
Hard not to smile when you're listening to The Beach Boys sing Christmas tunes! 
Hooyah! Great to have the 
 Art UK 
Volunteered for 
 As we're now in December here's a handy link to all the fantastic Christmas events taking place across Stirling this month... 
Next week Big Band favourite Guy Barker will be joined by 
2016 Staff Christmas Party!

The PCN Team is having fun preparing for the Holiday Season! Check out the upcoming Holiday programs on PCN: 
It is December 1st and the Holidays are creeping their way into the office! A most welcome season indeed! Have you started decorating yet? 
We are so delighted to be making all the 
Thanks to everyone who came to our Christmas Lights Switch On last night, especially the wonderful 
It's December! Join us right now for carols and samples of Young's 'Winter Warmer'! 
Sample time...we're handing out Young's 'Winter Warmer' right now! 
Tomorrow is Advent! To celebrate  we have Christmas carol singers from 12-2 and will be handing out samples of Young's 'Winter Warmer'! 
I spy with my little eye....
Thank you for all of your support. It's great to be a part of such a supportive community 
Don't forget tomorrow's 
Join us this Friday for 
Christmas is coming! Feeling Festive in 
Christmas is just around the corner and we are 
Mayfair is looking festive 
What an awesome evening! Thank you to 
'Tis the most wonderful time of the year! London's finest Christmas windows and festive façades: 
Our Christmas tree has arrived! Christmas has officially arrived here 
It’s the Wimbledon Village Christmas Fair today! Join us at Bayley & Sage for delicious Christmas food tastings, scrumptious street food and we are also hosting the lucky dip! It’s a fabulous festive day out, hope to see you there!
Only two days away from our 
Today is a great day to support your 
Santas grotto is in full swing! Make sure you get down for a chance to meet santa & a cheeky mulled wine! 
Today was a good day - Christmas menu tasting for the Dog & Fox staff! Lots of full and satisfied bellies! 
There's still space left for Christmas parties & sit down feasts. Who can resist some festive pigs n blankets. 
Rockin around the 
Just like there are 9 players on the field, we’re doing 9 Days of Giveaways to celebrate the holidays! Today, we’re giving away the DeMarini 1979 Snapback. RT or “like” this post to be entered to WIN. 
Last Christmas by George Michael and River by Joni Mitchell are the two best Christmas carols because they’re really just sad romantic songs that take place at Christmas. 
My craftsy friends who know 
Who’s getting decorations up today?! 
There's only 41 days left until Christmas! Get into the spirit early and party with us 
Black Friday sale starts TONIGHT at 9pm pst! 40% off all lip products and 30% off palettes (all Kyshadow palettes, Koko Face Palette and Skinny Dip Face Duo) 
Who likes Prosecco ? Join us Liverpool Prosecco Festival for more Fun, Food and Prosecco. An excellent gift for Christmas 
I was lucky enough to see 
Thanks for another great Friends Christmas party 
Absolutely loved 
Thanks for coming Leonie! 
 | 
It's not just the tree that's dressed for Christmas 
Celebrate the season with a different take on the holidays 
New Ladies Lunch Productions sketch coming soon!! Christmas theme and all 
It's Day 2 of our 
Christmas is Back at De Vere Oxford Thames
Tacocat closed their 
Wow! Some Christmas 
 Let's keep it going  West Coast only 1/2 hr left 
A huge shout out to our amazing custodians 
We're having a terrific time at the 2017 Flato Home for the Holidays Gala for 
Things are starting to sparkle at McMaster Children's! 
Come see us at the 
 are getting in the holiday spirit! 
 - Day 2. Junior Robin Christmas party 
We're ready to open the 1st door tomorrow! We'll be bringing you new RAM tips for energy efficiency, fun facts and fabulous seasonal offers to help you get ready for Christmas 
It's the first weekend of the 
Can we get excited now? 
The magic behind the Christmas adverts: Dr Charles Hancock is delving into how John Lewis sets the benchmark on Christmas Adverts: 
Eventive Funtime Christmas Fairground at 
 JOIN THE BRADFORD BULLS FOUNDATION FOR CHRISTMAS CAROLS.

Details 
SNEAK PEEK: 

Next week we’ll hear from 
The countdown to Christmas is officially on! 
Merry everything! 
We’re on stand H132 if anyone’s around today. Come and try some Festive Bites 
Starting on Monday at your 
| ...It's Christmas!

Fancy winning some fantastic gifts?

Check out our 
Happy 1st of December! We couldn't be more excited for the annual Sing! 
| Attending our 'Magical Christmas Time' parties this December?

Share our exclusive Snapchat filter using 
| WOW! How magical was last night's 
| Our 
Is it starting to feel a lot like Christmas in your house on 
Welford is among friends here in Loughborough at the Santa Fun Run 
HERE IT IS!! ...

THE PP 
Flocks checked. Ponies fed. Sheepdogs walked. Porridge and hot tea. Final preps for the Christmas fair. 
We are all ready for Askham Hall Christmas fair. Sunday. 11am till 4pm. Shepherdess stand is in the barn. Naturally. 
Just trimmed the Shepherdess studio 
It's what you've all been waiting for! THE 
Can you believe that it's almost 
Surrey Advent: 

Day 
It’s less than a month ‘til Christmas! Who else is putting up their tree this weekend?
Which makes you feel more festive: Christmas wreaths or tinsel? Tell us your pick! 
We're in Salem, OR tonight performing at 
Feeling festive 
Holiday treats from G’s 
Deck the halls with our giovane cafe holiday desserts! Stop by & pre-order your holiday cake(s) today. 
The spirit of Christmas is strong in Derby 
Happy December everyone! It’s a cold one but with a dusting of snow on the car -what better way to start getting into the Christmas spirit 
Join 
Make sure you get your Bauble to help someone this Christmas, I’ve got mine. Please donate£5 to amazing 
What a wonderful way to get into the spirit of giving! Way to go 
We can’t wait to see you at the lighting of the Christmas Tree this Fri Dec 1 from 6pm at Rosalind Park! There'll be plenty of entertainment, including classic Christmas movie, Miracle on 34th Street (PG,CC), a visit from Santa and the lighting of the tree at approx 8.45pm 
Break a leg to the fantastic cast of our biggest EVER pantomime! Peter Pan at the Grand Opera House opens today! 
 Today’s 
Every day in the run up to Christmas I’ll be posting an 
Putting up your tree this weekend? Make sure you don't forget these two! Make your own Gruffalo and Gruffalo's child 
I just love Christmas time, like I don’t understand how you couldn’t love it 
Dec My Zimmer Christmas 
Great Bingo & Beyond day! Next stop, Dec my Zimmer Christmas Special 
The most wonderful time of the year 
Its the middle of November... time to make the playlist! 
Bables bendy season begins 
! Day off needed. If you need me I’ll be drinking mulled wine and putting up my Christmas tree 
 comes to 
CHRISTMAS GIVEAWAY DAY 2
 CHRISTMAS GIVEAWAY DAY 1 
 Festive Volunteering 
We found Stitch the Snowman at 
KS1 have all been working so hard on their Christmas play throughout the week. We are all so excited to share it with you next week! 
Rounding up the day with some wintery craft 
 Who's coming along to 
INTRODUCING: The Reader Christmas Card! 
ANNOUNCING: The Reader's Christmas Courtyard Fair in partnership with 
Tree in place and grotto coming together! It must be nearly time for the Christmas Fair - see you there tomorrow!
My ultimate 
VLOGMAS DAY 1 
We’ll be singing in the atrium of the lovely 
We have the most beautiful 
 Last chance to book your Christmas Party at Edgbaston Stadium! Over 7,000 covers already SOLD 
'Elf' has been voted the greatest family Christmas film of all time, and if you disagree you're sitting on a 'throne of lies' 
Centenary would make a very fine Christmas 
Special festive event in store at 
Thank you to the Phoenix Group who joined us for Festive Lunch at The Villa yesterday. 
Be quick, the Terry’s Chocolate Orange McFlurry won’t hang around for long! 
 Good fun filming for the 
It’s almost December and we’re feeling festive 
Tim Vine Travels In Time Christmas Special 
Not Many Tables Left For MIDNight Saturdays Throughout December
Xmas Night 
So overwhelmed with all the 
The Bay's Christmas Menu is now available! Please contact the cafe on 01934 427300 to pre-book your visit! 
The Weston-super-Mare Christmas Lights Switch On is TONIGHT! 
The staff at Chatelherault ready and waiting at the Lassies' Shop and Supper Night. Open 5:00pm-9:00pm tonight 
HYPED for these gigs
11 sleeps 'till our amazing 
Just got to 
COMING SOON : WANTED THIS WINTER 
Christmas Fayre ready!! 
Christmas Fayre tomorrow 6.00-8.00pm. Tickets on the door, adult £1, children 50p. Lots of goodies, crafts and prizes 
It's tomorrow! 11am - 3pm 
We have a great offer for you with 
Great weekend 
We are fast approaching that time of year again....Christmas trees from the 
Happy 1st of December!
Today marks the start of 
Christmas has started in therapeutic care , choir and school children confirmed for Christmas parties on elderly care 
We've got loads on offer at 
What a brilliant winter fair this afternoon. Thanks to everyone who organised and supported the event. 
1st is Decemeber I can now openly be excited about Xmas without anyone saying its to early 
Friday 1st December 
So let’s start the Xmas season of right!!! 
Calling local designers! We’re planning our new monthly 
The Start of December 
This Friday - The Start of December  
Looking for tips on festive baking? 
Have you discovered what's behind door 2 in our 
This will get you all in the 
Christmas spirit 
The sight of the two partridges between the vines always reminds me of Christmas 
Can't wait to have 
Superb info graphic - Merry Christmas 
22 DAYS TO GO 
 22 DAYS TO GO 
 23 DAYS TO GO 
It's December 
Christmas Week is coming back to the Brewery starting 12/19. 
Having a Holiday party?? Impress your guest with the best hotdogs & homemade condiments in town! We have serval options to help make your party the best ever! Give us a call or check our website for details today. 
 | It's December 
Win a kit to make gingerbread Christmas tree 
It's time to put up the Christmas tree, decorate your home & fill it with the smell of Christmas baking. Enter our competition to win a kit to make gingerbread 
It's December 1st, so you know what that means... 
Experience the brightest and cheeriest of holiday seasons in 
Winter Wonderland at 
If a sackful of you?? Try the group menu?? Ho! Ho!Ho! 01947821900 !!  
 1 day to Dec... and our countdown of the big festive highlights in 
We are officially SOLD OUT for Winter Wonderland tonight! Next week we'll be back with regular hours beginning on December 8. Thank you, Austin! 
 Wrapping up the December photo shoot for the Women of APD calendar. We wish you a wonderful Christmas season! 
The tree isn’t the only thing getting lit this year – Don’t miss COTA as it lights up with Christmas cheer this holiday season tonight 
Every city celebrates the holiday season a little differently. 
 there are a lot of fun stuff you can experience here in 
Bringing good cheer, 
Christmas ready! Can't wait to welcome you to Paris House for Christmas celebrations this year! Call 01525 290692 to book your table. 
Join us for a free 
Plan your NorthPark Center holiday adventure
Make it Magical this Christmas with 
Please get involved in this amazing appeal at the 
Not started your Christmas Shopping yet? We have gifts they will love! Discover our Christmas Gifts that are better than half price today! 
Get £10 off when you spend £80 today with The Fragrance Shop! Simply use the code: TAKE10 at checkout 
CHRISTMAS FLASH SALE! 
Christmas paradise at @decoratorswarehouse in 
Christmas paradise at decoratorswarehouse in 
had a little trouble getting the video up over seas but here is the first video of Vlogmas!! New video every other day till christmas 
Some really lovely bits at the 
Meet our 
It's that time of the year, 
Who knew that a sculpture gallery built in the 19th century would so perfectly suit 21st century lighting and Christmas decorations...? 
Such happy Christmassy times in 
Can’t believe it’s December! Excited for the fun Christmas videos/pics I’ll be posting this month! 
The moment our Christmas tree at Waterloo opened up! Thanks to everyone who worked throughout the night to bring some festive joy to travellers through Waterloo this winter 
We were very busy last night at Waterloo Station setting up our (massive!) Christmas tree. We'll share more photos when it's all finished! 
*INTRODUCING THE ELVETHAM ADVENT CALENDAR* 
We’re by the Christmas tree 
The Plymouth Christmas Market is looking great this year! 
Lots happening in Totty tomorrow, but if you want to be warm, inside, make your own festive wreath, let the kids do some crafty stuff, while you enjoy a warm, spicey seasonal drink and fruit pie, then we'll see you at 
We're almost ready to go at 
Busy scenes today at 
We’ve had a busy day at the 
It’s the Wimbledon Village Christmas Fair today! Join us at Bayley & Sage for delicious Christmas food tastings, scrumptious street food and we are also hosting the lucky dip! It’s a fabulous festive day out, hope to see you there!
 My finished 
New issue alert! 
Get your holiday shopping done early with free USA shipping on ALL Gibson gear & accessories with promo code 'MONDAYMONDAY' 
Seems like the perfect time to show the best Scottish Christmas TV ad ever 
 via 
*Plays Mariah’s Christmas hits* Off out dancing tonight? Perhaps some shopping (of the Christmas variety) tomorrow? Here’s what you need to know. 

Christmas trees as you've never seen them before! 
'It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas' in the primary classroom 
And if Science-y Museum stuff is more your thing, then follow 
Welcome to our 2017 
Bring on December, Christmas and the winter season
 to last weekend’s festive fun day out taking part in the 
So - decorative scheming.  Mix one 
Thank you to Richard and the team at The Broadway Hotel 
An Alaskan reindeer ranch on a Midwest farm. Head out to Hardy’s these holidays 
Some great pics of 
Great shot of 
Wishing 
Wishing the one and only Buddy the Elf, our lovely 
No doubt that’s because you and your amazing cast did what you do best. Be brilliant!! Mission accomplished in spreading that good old Christmas cheer!
It’s Christmas in Plymouth today! Wishing 
Thrilled to be part of Carols this year 
Happy December 1st! 'Tis the season to enter for a chance to win this 
CHRISTMAS COUNTDOWN!! 
Wish we could go back 24 hours and enjoy 
It's just not Xmas until you hear it... 
 Absolutely gutted I couldn't make it to the store today to meet you! However many of your products are on my Christmas list
Me every time a Christmas song comes on......
We are at Haverfordwest's Christmas Fayre & lights today. Come and say hi! 
Feeling festive with some Christmassy songs from the fab 
Over the hump of the week everyone & heading towards our first parkrun of December. Woo! 
It's less than month until Christmas!
 is nearly here! Only one more sleep! 
Whatever they’re paying this guy, it isn’t enough 
A Christmas wonderland is being revealed tonight at 
We're lighting up this baby tonight at 9pm! 
Come down and bask in the LED glow 
The Christmas tree 
Naughty little elves helping out!
Day 3 of the 
Meet the SWFRS safety elf who’s checking lights before putting the decs up this weekend - have you checked yours? 
RETAIL NEWS: Our Christmas opening kicks off with Sunday opening tomorrow 10am to 4pm. Happy shopping! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas – here are three Christmas tree trends you need to know about: 
starting your first Saturday in December with Christmas tree 
Happy 1st of December! Thanks to all our customers for sharing pics of our Christmas range – we love seeing them all and can't wait to see more
To help you out, we’ve put together a handy guide of Christmas essentials so they don't slip your mind: 
Here's how to be the ultimate Christmas party planner: 
 The Bhoys are ready for Christmas.

December 3rd
Oisin & Ròise heading to the 
Got your official Giants Advent Calendar yet!??

Proceeds to 
The Christmas countdown has begun! 
“We’re in full festive mode at the Basketball Performance Centre – do you like our tree?” 
Looking for the perfect Christmas gift? 
Joules Retford Crew Jumpers!! Keep your man warm this Christmas 
Christmas dinner day tomorrow! Can't wait to see the children in their Christmas jumpers! 
So who loves a festive lunch? Whether it's a works dinner or a family gathering, everyone is welcome! Please call 01427 613088 to get booked in. 
Just in time for Christmas
We'll have other offers on in the run-up to Christmas
Well as its December 1st tomorrow we thought this might put you in the 
Come to me Christmas Do 
Some make-up inspiration, just in time for the festive party season! 
It is great to be back after half term, and don't you look well!

It will almost be Christmas... 
ITS CHRISTMAS!!
Feeling festive in Cheddar tonight! A quintet from Bristol Easton playing for the crowds at the annual 
Not only is it 
We're counting down the days until Christmas 
Awesome lil Christmas game - and we promise not to play it in the pub
hope ur all feeling fe(et)stive and remembering the true meaning of December - the baby jeepus and the virjoen mary 
 | Hibernian Chief Executive Leeann Dempster talks about the plans of 'Edinburgh Cheer', a goodwill campaign launched earlier today in partnership with Heart of Midlothian, the Edinburgh Evening News and NHS Lothian to help Edinburgh become the Capital of Goodwill
Biggest Christmas tree in Camden? 
Happy 1st of December one and all! 
Hope everyone’s had a very merry 1st December! 
Christmas party goers! Get yourselves down to see Honey Hahs and other great bands at 
Excited about visiting Greenwich 
Curious about 
This December we will be collecting donations for the Children’s ward at Kings College Hospital. 
If you have anything pop in and drop it off 
We love this Polar sketch, 'The Alert in Winter Quarters, firm amongst the Barrier Bergs'.

Dr. Edward Lawton Moss served on board the 'Alert' in the Arctic expedition of 1875-1876. He produced a series of sketches which he later published.

 
Happy Advent! Let's kick off the Christmas countdown by looking forward to more snow...

These snow goggles from our collection are a relic of Sir John Franklin's Arctic expedition of 1845-48.


It’s officially Christmas season and we’ve got the lights strung, mince pies baking and presents wrapped ready for you… 
Hey Woolwich, Christmas is coming...
Launching pre-orders of A Glint o’ Scottish Fiddle today until 20th December, w delivery in time for 
A massive thanks to Chrisy Kavanagh of 
All set for some Christmas shopping on the stall today 
It's the 
 returns feat. 
Time to get in the holiday spirit thanks to 
From fantastic Indie Christmas compilation from 
If you’re driving to the shop today, the bottom end of Queen St is closed for the Christmas lights switch on. Come in via St Johns Square 
Christmas is fast approaching and we have a very limited number of spots still available for private lunch bookings. Get in touch with our events team if you'd like to host a festive event with us 
Christmas comes early at Kent Cider Co. 
Get festive with 
White Christmas is the beer to cheer this season so don't miss out on this cracker! Find it in the tap this week
Something special to kick off the Winter 
Thanks to all at 
Now this is our kind of advent calendar! 
Test your knowledge with our holiday movie trivia! Do you recall ... the most famous holiday movies of all? 
It's been an honor to enjoy the 
Christmas is here and so are 
DAY 3!
Tomorrow is First Friday! There will be hot chocolate, gallery tours, holiday karoake, and much more! 
Happy 1st of December everyone. It’s the last month of the year, let’s make it a good one. We’re starting the month feeling very festive 
First Christmas card of the season from our friends 
A HUGE thank you to the lovely lady who saw me struggling to carry the Christmas tree home & gave me a lift in her car. Anouschka - you are an Angel! 
Happy 1st December! We are starting to feel a little bit Christmassy here at Curtins HQ now the tree is up 
Our renowned choristers are taking a new musical direction this Christmas, as guest singers on seasonal single “Merry Christmas” by award-winning prog rock band 
We've launched our Christmas appeal raising money for 
Start getting into the Christmas spirit by rustling up some low fat, dairy free gingerbread biscuits. Let us know how you get on! 
HO, HO, HO! It's that time of the year, babes! Our Christmas doughnuts will be available from our store tomorrow! Get a 6 pack this Christmas! 
Feeling festive! Shooting chrimbo with the lovely 
Yo! All physical HIGH LEVEL copies are now available at all 
 THIS IS HAPPENING 
What are you putting under your BFF's tree? 
The countdown to 
HAPPY DECEMBER!! 
It's almost that time of year again! 
 cards by @pearlivyshop
Training this evening has been cancelled, be in touch regarding when we start after Christmas. Merry xmas to every one from WMCC. 
Another superb fiercebabemarketnorwich today! The Christmas shopping has officially started! 
This is Christmas! 
When you leave the Xmas decorating to die-hard 
Featuring, of course, our 
It's only 4 weeks today until Christmas! 
COUNTDOWN TO 
PLS RT! 
Have you pre-ordered 
The last supper club of the year at 
Ho Ho Hi! 
CHRISTMAS 
Dave is admiring his handy work on our main Christmas tree 
Christmas came to Broadway 
THE STYLE EDIT: GIFT GUIDE
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas.. 

Our beautiful tree is now up in the tower 
All these Xmas adverts we have been creating has really got the team in the christmas spirit. 
Getting in to the Christmas spirit at the 
Bluey the Elf is hard at work this morning! He's busy packing up today's Christmas cards & calendar orders for dispatch
It is officially my favorite time of the year. 
We’ve had a wonderful time at the 
Ring in the season in the most magical way with holiday home decor from World of Disney! 
We're officially counting down the days until Christmas with our 
The tree at the very end of the 
Get a free 
We're only ONE WEEK away from Christmas on Campus 2017! What's your favorite 
Deck the walls 
A-door-able 
After a long week, it’s nice to kick your feet up and enjoy the moment 
’Tis the season! 
I’m going to NYC for one final time as 
And it begins.... Merry Christmas from Jolly Jersey! 
Starting the holiday season right by making cards to send to our troops 
Looking for the best stocking stuffer? 
 Tour begins in just 2 days! 
 Tour begins in 2 days! 
Who’s ready for Christmas...in a Cup?! 
On Christmas we make red & green deviled eggs!

Hit RT if YOU are joining my Ugly Christmas Sweater party on 
The best way to spread 
I couldn't be more excited to kick off my 
Let's be MERRY & BRIGHT together! Join me To Celebrate Christmas as I bring the joy of the holiday season to you! 
It’s Christmas time in 
Happy 1st of December, folks. The season may be over, but we have plenty of 
East Kelowna Hall’s Sunday Country Market is a must see stop leading up to the holidays! #
One week until the inaugural  Yuletide at the Lakeside!
Saturday, December 2nd
10am-7pm

TONIGHT, we're lighting our 
The ho-ho-holidays have arrived! Here are 5 festive things to do at 
Keeping up the Christmas themed tweets! 
All we want for Christmas is ⒶⒸⒶⒸⒾⒶ 
The Harlow is perfect for Holiday parties!
It was a great day celebrating the holiday season at our employee family party. 
We’re working on our float for tomorrow’s parade! Look out for us, our 
We're all ready for Christmas at 
It’s December!!!!! We’re slowly getting into the holiday spirit! Stay tuned for a fun filled month at NU 
NEW -FESTIVE CHEESE TRAY 
Get ready for a rockin' holiday season with a new episode of 
It's finally December! 
This tiny gingerbread house is totally getting us in the mood to watch 
The tree lighting ceremony 
Heading down to see the Christmas Tree Lighting 
Round your purchase to the nearest dollar until Dec 31 to support 
Ready for the 
We’re officially in the 
The 3ft fresh cut Fir trees sure decorate well!
SHARE THE NEWS - 3 WEEKS UNTIL 
22 DAYS BEFORE 
600 HOURS UNTIL 
 ends today for our exciting first ever Christmas Books Marathon 23rd Dec with the remarkable 
Thank you to Redbeard at 
It's time to "Fill the Fire Truck!" 
It’s beginning to look a lot like 
tis the season
LUville; our campus at Christmastime 
 is hosting Muskingum for their home opener on Saturday at 2pm and we are going with a Christmas Sweater theme
Now onto the 
 HELLO, DECEMBER! 
We're in 
25 days to Christmas! 
 Christmas in LCR - Unfortunately the Women's Leadership Group aren't feeling the festive fun, maybe it's all the no's we've had from the 
 “The third day of devolution, my Mayor said to me...” 

The 12 Nays of Devolution from the Women’s Leadership Group 

Happy Christmas LCR! 


It's kinda cool that Santa hangs out down the street from us... just saying... 
Already in the Christmas spirit?! 
Christmas has arrived at the Hub! 
The winner of the 100 Christmas Song Grid will be announced between Noon and 1pm today. 
I keep nearly crying with excitement for Christmas!!! Can’t wait to spend it with my gorgeous two 
I'm going to do 25 days of Christmas 
“Three, two, one, ahhh!” 
Excited for 
Just one week left to go until our first ever winter lantern parade: Let it Glow! Who's going to be there? 
Don’t forget to bring a toy to the 
Nope mine has been up since last weekend 25th Nov, kids love it 
 POLL TIME! Is it too early to be putting up the Christmas tree? 
63rd annual Tree Lighting Ceremony: Dec. 7 at 6  p.m. on the Horseshoe! Hope to see you there!
An excellent turn out for the 
We’re getting into the Christmas spirit 
The martini glass is up in our very own West Hills, it's the official start to the holidays!
Jurys Inn London Croydon Christmas parties are now well underway! The team are certainly in the spirit of things 
Thank you, Leighanne! Glad you like it! 
As many begin to decorate, remember these and other safety tips:

More wonderful entries to my 
Our salons are closed today however you can plan your week ahead by booking your Hair and Beauty appointments on line 
Don’t miss ‘How the Grinch Stole Christmas' at 11.30am at 
Today the 
They’re here!
Lots of special packages being sent today from Santa's Elves & 
We Have A Beautiful Collection Of Luxury Boxed Notecards From 
Could you help spread a little Christmas cheer? 
Poll time: Best Christmas song - go! 
 Celebrate Christmas at The Vine! 
Our Christmas "drop & shop" flyers have arrived today! To book your son/ daughter onto our course please click the link below. We take children from 4 -12 years old 
*CASH GIVEAWAY ALERT* 
Yes that's right in tomorrow's 
The ferry is back in town for Christmas 
Before and after pics. Big thanks to Sean at the Harrogate Xmas Tree centre 
Christmas carols in the abbey at 
We’ve reached today’s last stop. Thanks to everyone who came out to Oak Square in Brighton! 
Great stops in Dorchester and Jamaica Plain! Next -- see you soon, Mission Hill. 
I've had such a lovely time at 
It's Christmas.... 
It's Christmas! 
 | Day 2 of the 
Well I’m looking forward to trying this ... Christmas Gin with Frankincense and myrrh. It comes with a Christmas bell too 
Decorate your tree for less than £20 with 
Cookies! It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in the Taste Cafe - with some delicious shortbread cookies to buy when you visit this festive season including red-nosed reindeer, Christmas trees and baubles! 
Adopt our marine family this Christmas 
Day 1/24 Time to get ready for Christmas!

Had a lovely evening at the 
Oh and there's a World Premiere in tonight's 
The First 300 Nowells
The snow may not be thick on the ground but this concert is a stocking stuffed with tunes 
There's a new Christmas carol by 
Got our Christmas tree from the 
CONFIRMED FOR PLAYGROUND FRI 8TH: Ruth Bratt, Helen Foster, Charlotte Gittins, Susan Harrison, Briony Redman, Katy Schutte & Suki Webster! 
The Christmas party transformation is underway! The season is upon us.
Tomorrow is our Christmas party 
Tomorrow is the 
 It's that time of year again.... 
Well, the 
Saturday mornings at 
Spruce up your holidays with our  most polarizing Seasonal beer! Old Tjikko is back on tap at the Grove Bierhall. Come see which side of the fence you’re on. Prost!! 
All we want for Christmas is our kick-ass Bella family! 
Great to visit the beautiful 
We can’t wait to visit THE event of the year this weekend; magical 
Chilly days, fuzzy couches and long naps mean it's finally the holiday season! 
Bring all the joy into your 
We have all kinds of 
This is truly Christmas in a 
Already craving some 
It’s lit! 
Happy Holidays, Houston! 
Live music,  art,
Gr8 fun singing
My favorite holiday tradition. Attending the annual 
 getting ATL in Christmas Spirit 
Looking for the perfect gift for your favorite racing fan? Head over to our eBay store to see what kind of goodies you can put under the tree
LOVE THIS!!!!! ‘Tis the season 
Heading out for some Christmas shopping at 
Little white tree 
Christmas is Coming
On the 2nd day of giveaways, Highlights gave to me: a Christmas Fun carry-and-play board book 
Can’t WAIT to get into the Holiday spirit! 
Feeling 
MERRY CHRISTMAS! The Highland Creek tree lighting ceremony is taking place at Prosperity Park tonight! Children are allowed to put an ornament on the tree, and of course, hot cocoa and cookies are being served
December 1st.... is your tree up yet?? 
Light up that tree! 
Lots of fun here at the Matthews Tree Lighting Celebration! 
My festive picture book round-up! 
It's the most wonderful time of the year & 'Everyday Is Christmas' is here to make it even better! Stream or download the album 
Every
Join the festive fun on Quacktopia!

We will be having more little Christmas parties on Quacktopia radio & gatherings in the hub :) 
 a work in progress of some Christmas decorations I'm making for your office 
CHRISTMAS IS COMING!
Wish you a Merry Christmas 
Christmas parties and festive wedding season now in full swing! 
Enjoying the festive menu at the 
Personalise your frames this festive season exclusively at 
Out on a school night (sort of) with the 
12 Days of Promos: Day 4. Up to 50% off stickers. » 
We're kicking off the 12 days of deals at Redbubble! Two weeks filled with giddy joy where you can score awesome discounts on your favorite products featuring all of your favorite unique & original designs.

Check it out » 
MixTeam
Why yes, we'll take the Fraser Fir 
Have you been naughty or nice? 
Gonna be lit 
Happy 1st of December to you all! We are all getting into the swing of Christmas at MediaCom! Photographed here we have Lyndon Macarthur, one of many embracing the media festivities ! 
It’s the first of December and it snowed yesterday! Back this year our magical Christmas Market. Hot chocolate, mince pies and the smell of mulled wine drifting through the atrium. 
Our first Christmas tree is up! Sneak peek at the goodies decorating Team 
Great work! 
Christmas 
Stock your Coffee Bar full of 
Great stocking  stuffer for Xmas 
From giant baubles, to 
 >> 7 Days until our 
MERRY CHRISTMAS EVERYONE
MAKE SURE YOUR CHRISTMAS TREE IS AS LIT AS OUR MIXTAPE 
We had a wonderful time feeling festive at 
Next week Big Band favourite Guy Barker will be joined by 
On Sunday 10th December I'll be joining Guy Barker and his incredible orchestra once again for 'Guy Barker's Big Band Christmas' at the Royal Albert Hall! 
Our neighbors’ two Joseph nativity is up & I’m beaming 
Some important festive information from 
There's just one week to go to join us, 
Gingerbread break time.....now that’s our kind of festive fuel 
In the run up to Christmas we will be inviting a client to open the E.J. Churchill advent calendar we wonder what’s inside.....
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas... 
Or even 'Happy'! 
Naughty or Nice, take your 
After AJ got up this morning before 4am............Action is Needed 
Pretty standard vocal warm up with 
Thanks again to all the PAX for an awesome Christmas Party
SMELL TO CHRISTMAS 
 Diana C25s brilliant new housekeeper is behind today’s advent door! Enjoy the chocolates! 
WINTER GEAR is here!!!! Order some swag this week and get it in time for Christmas! 
Just a very few £25 seats left for this glorious festive concert 
The decorations are up & the Christmas spirit is in full swing! 
Bring home 
We are proud to be a part of such a strong lineup of organizations doing great work this holiday season 
 It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas...
ONLINE! Finishing up my Christmas decorations 
ONLINE!
Stoked to be co-hosting this benefit show for 
First day of Christmas dinners today 
Don't forget to use 
Today I've gutted and cleaned the house (downstairs), put the decs up 
A BIG BEAUTY CHRISTMAS GIFT GUIDE 
On the blog - DIY Christmas tags! 
NEW: Blogmas Day 3 | 30 things that make me happy at Christmas 
 This gingerbread man bunting will surely make you home feel festive! Hang above your fireplace with your Christmas stockings for the ultimate cosy Christmas vibes 
City of Logan planning events for holiday season 
Vlogmas: an annual tradition where youtubers inexplicably push themselves into nervous breakdowns by trying to make a video every single day in the already very busy lead up to christmas 
Filming Christmas videos today yasssss! 
Christmas print sale up on my website!! Shop now in time for the big day
 This starts in two weeks 
DAY 3 of our Digital Advent Calendar today's prize is a Paletta of your choice from the menu + a soft drink from 
DAY 2 of our Digital Advent calendar & today you could win a Crepe in a jar + a sugar Crepe courtesy of 
 December 3rd - Breast Dressed Christmas Tree 
Catch me tonight at the 
It all starts now The 
I love mine 
First Sunday of Advent - wishing for Peace for the world 



Feeling very festive as we are getting ready for the first Sunday of Advent tomorrow 

 

I’m not saying Anna Heighton is a bad influence ..... but she did start drinking port before me 
We are selling Nordmann Fir, Norway Spruce, Fraser Fir and Potted Christmas Trees 
The barn is stocked up with Cut Nordmann Fir and Potted Norway Spruce Christmas Trees 

Fraser Fir and Norway Spruce cut Christmas Trees arriving this week 


Stocked up with tins of 
Love the singing 
Jingle’s 1st voluntary duty will be helping Audrey with our stand in the Board room. Pop along and have a selfie with him 
GAMA is ready for the Christmas countdown! Our chocolate advent calendars have now arrived 
 Santa's come early! Treat yourself every day of December with the chance to 
Come and join our Christmas Bazaar and Wellbeing day at Richmond House Holistic Rooms on 9th December 
A fun filled morning with craft , party games and party food 
Launching our newest project for Boston Addaction: OPERATION ELF!
Feeling very festive in the Boston office thanks to Amy and Christie! 
Oh dear Stratford team need some support with theirs! 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas... 
Please buy the 
it’s here!
What could be better than a Christmas Tree 
Congratulations to Rebecca 
17 days til our Christmas presentation! We’re this excited! 
It's Day 1 of the 
 : The Royal Free Hospital Christmas tree is up! 
Less than a week to go til 
The lights are on! Our 
& the lights are on!! 
Christmas tree donation for 
We wonder what festive treat the 
Who's the biggest grinch? 
Join us for festive pizza and crackers! Every Friday and Saturday from the start of December till the 23rd we will be getting into the Christmas spirit with our very tasty turkey pizza 
A festive look at some of the research at the University of Birmingham 
I wonder what the elves are up to while I’m away...
Feeling all festive today with SRU and Oncology Daycase's new Christmas tree 
Jimma link carol 
Party season kicking off this evening We will have ‘Collage’ starting 
So excited for all this Christmas 
Just a few hours until tonight's 
Oh what fun it is to film 
Turn your holiday lights off before leaving home or going to bed. 
> how did I miss this 
Yep Tom you need an elf visit as well ha ha 
Wishing all my colleagues 
Thanks once again to Coby and all his family and friends for another huge donation of toys for our patients this Christmas 
Tonight is the night! Please come down & support us as we hope to raise as much as possible for a fantastic cause!! 
It’s finally mince pie season....who wants one?! 
We love this list of alternative advent activities in the city from 
We had a lovely time at 
It’s Sunday and day three of our advent calendar! 
Morning biology and Christmas fans! It’s day two of our 
Biology advent calendar 
Happy 1st of December everyone! We've made our own biology themed 
Have you already cracked into the advent calendar? The PG team definitely have! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas here at Edinburgh College
Have you seen our 
Centennial Plaza is lit!


The excitement is building for tomorrow’s staff Children’s Christmas Party! The kids are going to have a blast! 
We've got some presents sitting under the Egmont Christmas tree 
Join me & the 
Neither sleet nor rain nor dead of night could dampen our holiday spirits at Friday night’s 
What a great list - especially for inclusion of brilliant 
First Christmas in Brighton 
 everyone! We've been so excited to share our Christmas literary event selection with you, and our festive blog is now LIVE! 
NEWS: The Lord Mayor of Chester 
It’s beginning to feel a lot like Christmas 
 construction will wrap up on parts of George Street in time for Christmas 
PCSO’s Kopczyk and Flanagan with Father Christmas at the start of the Ho Ho Helsby Festive parade. 
PG Ged Gigg opened the 3rd Christmas tree festival at St Chads Church Farndon - a real honour! All the trees are original and amazing 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
We’re so excited to share that we will be performing with 
Finally on the way to Cornwall having sorted out poorly dog. Girls getting in to holiday mood with Arthur Christmas on the iPad! 
Countdown to Christmas with our German Advent Calendar - packed full of fun games to test your knowledge of 
TONIGHT’s the night!! I hope you’re ready to tweet with me during 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas ... 
Such a fun chat with 
The Christmas tree lights are on, and making Founder’s Square look fabulous!
 @ Tower Bridge 
It's all in the details... 
 CHRISTMAS TREE IS THE WINNER! Here's ROUND 2: What's the BEST Christmas Tree Decoration?

CLOSES TOMORROW, BE QUICK! 
There's free parking in council car parks and town centre pay-by-phone bays this Saturday for Small 
Want to up your game this Christmas with party starting outfits? 
NEARLY PAY DAY PEOPLE! And there's only a limited amount of FREE styling sessions left this Christmas w/ 
NEXT THURSDAY, 
CHRISTMAS TREE DECORATION HAUL 
Kevin's back! And just as excited for Christmas as ever. Have you watched his journey to find love this Christmas? 
We are so excited to a present this...A [thread] of women of colour/minority-owned businesses that you can support this festive season, by giving their products as gifts! 
HAPPY HOLIDAYS 
It’s showtime! Thanks 
Tap to find your Christmas Tree Pal! Who did you get? 
What’s on today - Pistachio & Orange Cruffin • 
We're one of the 
That is so cute 
Not available in Ireland yet but I am very excited for this gig 
Christmas has come early 
Happy national (Christmas) brownie day!!! 
First Christmas delights left our kitchen today! Let the festive season roll! 
Ho ho ho...ly moly it's almost Christmas!! 
 creations are looking/smelling sooo good in Piff Paff kitchen right now! Can't wait to share with you all 
Happy December everyone 
The tree is up! Christmas countdown is on 
Christmas is a busy time of year, so we’re doing all we can to get you where you want to be.
more info here: 
Christmas art made by the children at Wednesday's Blairtummock homework club. Then lovely chicken curry for dinner. 
Wreaths made by Blairtummock group 
Blairtummock ladies have been very busy making Christmas wreaths
Our N5 retailing class are busy putting their display skills to good work today.  We didn’t tell them Ms C will redo it once they leave! 
 As we're now in December here's a handy link to all the fantastic Christmas events taking place across Stirling this month... 
Tonight is the last Open Mic night of semester and we're requesting Christmas tunes. 
Doing your 
TODAY! Get along to 
Wondering where to recycle your 
Very excited that our bicycle socks were featured in the 
Happy 1st of December!
It’s today!!! Pop along and see everyone. Christmas Shopping at 
Christmas Shopping at 
Christmas pop up market Sunday 26th November 
Wonderful to see children from 
Come along to our Christmas Market and Elves workshop this weekend at Rushden, and take part in lots of free festive activities for children! 
And our festive guest ales 
Only a month to go and tomorrow we will be 
Santa Claus arriving at Poole Quay by boat of course for the Christmas parade. Note the queue of Sunseekers lined up for winter maintenance 
Ho ho ho... it’s time to choose your tree
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas..
Thinking of what to get your favorite poker fan for the holidays? Lock up the perfect gift today! 
We’ve just received a delivery of more tags for the tree! We’ll get them strung and out soon. Plus, we’re working on even more made from 
Do you know any potato lovers? We have the perfect spud Christmas present 
It’s December 1st & Team AHQ  are suited, booted & celebrating Christmas 
The Christmas playlist will be on all day at AHQ 
As it's December 1st & we're feeling all christmassy at Cuppacoffee, we've gone and put every component of the Christmas dinner into one big sandwich. Please welcome, The Xmas Butty 
All the Christmas feels 
Great to be part of the Tax Practitioner Stewardship Group in action today. These practitioners make a huge contribution to the community- well done and thanks for all of your valuable support during 2017 
Just in time for Christmas 
 to hold Christmas Special Live Concert “
Happy Merry Christmas 
More importantly I found the one and only 
Lovely morning down at Dulwich Christmas Forest - perfect day to come and choose your tree! 
So I ate the 
Come and join us this Friday at our Christmas food fair In store here at Twohigs SuperValu Kanturk from 11am-7pm plenty of 
I’m so excited to be a part of 
The Perfect Christmas Present 
 ireland 
Only 1 more sleep until the 
Under the stars on a frosty night and wishing all success in their stout efforts for release of 
Enjoy lots of festive articles in the last Kennel Club Gazette for 2017 
I just bought my IBO Raffle ticket, 
December starts tomorrow and we have an 
Lasadh na Soilse Nollag Inniu ag 5! 
⛇ 
 Christmas is coming to Barnsley Museums! 
 The town hall Christmas tree is up! Ready for Christmas at The Town Hall starting this Saturday at 10:30am 
Can’t rave about this enough! Santa is fab and there’s lots of lovely activities. A truly magical Christmas 
Festive cheer, some fantastic jumpers on show today 
Big demand for the Christmas Dinner 
Christmas dinner in the Abbey 
More photos from a delicious lunch, thanks to all the canteen staff for all their hard work 
 Christmas has arrived at Barnsley Museums! 
So delighted to be part of the 
After dinner with us at Stix and stones this December .....
We are feeling the festive love 
Not to be missed 
The Russian santa, Winterberry gin and Plum&Clove Bourbon Smash 
Great nite 
Gifting season has begun! See our beauty director and editor-in-chief Melanie Morris​ and Marissa Carter, founder of Cocoa Brown pick their favourite selection of gorgeous gifts for friends, family, kids and themselves from Cara Pharmacy
So here’s what the band is up to over the festive season 
Spot Santa’s little helpers starting to get ready for Christmas 
Might ask my local cinema if they'll play Elf the Grinch & Home Alone in one day! Who's Coming 
Hotel bars: a swanky way to de-stress during the holidaze. 
 is wholly unacceptable in 2017 
Feeling Christmassy at Newton-le-Willows Library! Good work from the kids samba band, Newton WI, 
We are decorating for the holidays. 
A huge thank you to the fab 
It's December, so it's officially acceptable to put up your Christmas tree  
Wear 
There are 25 days until Christmas... 
Christmas is almost here, but don't worry! We've got you and the Baggies in your life covered for gifts! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas... 
Carols Around The Tree this Wednesday at 2pm and again at 6:30pm in Hunts Cross Community Garden, everyone welcome!
Our Festive 
If you are putting your 
The countdown to the Church Street Christmas tree switch on this evening by the Lord Mayor 
Such a wonderful event this evening with 
Wow! Our biggest Carols Around the Tree Event ever! Thank you to everyone who joined us to hear the wonderful 
Joining in today’s Christmas fun at St Columba’s Church Fayre. 
It might be too soon to mention this, but...

Christmas trees! Every year we fell some Scot's pines at Wildmoor Heath as part of our woodland management there.

Come to our Christmas tree sale next weekend (9th-10th December) and get yourself a tree that doesn't cost the earth 
It's Festive Harps and Christmas Songs at the Butterfly Farm from 11am Sunday 3 December 
If this doesn't get you excited for 
The nature inspired gift shop is a treasure trove of gift ideas for all the family. It's free to enter and open every day from 10am 
The mince pies are looking tasty, the festive music is on, looking forward to celebrating our customer's first 
Our quintet had a lovely morning at 
Have you been to the Christmas tree 
TODAY! 
We’re off and running with Warwick’s Victorian Evening, our Christmas Tree Festival
So I’ve just turned on the Christmas light in Worksop town centre alone side a 6 year old Logan who saved his parents from a fire in his family home.. Little hero.. Merry Christmasssss 
Yay, it's December! Are you ready for some Christmas-themed resources?
We've got you covered with this selection of 
 Art UK 
Always enjoy sorting out & overseeing the Christmas Tree 
Can't wait to kick off the holidays tonight with a festive performance by 
Decorating for the holidays this weekend? 
Join JCC as he records two special Christmas editions of his Radio 4 series 'Dr John Cooper Clarke at the BBC'. Live at BBC's Radio Theatre in London 
Yaaaaay Christmas month eve! (Because yes, in my life Christmas is a full month) 
We’re all costumed up, in character and off to switch on the Finsbury Park Christmas lights!! That’s how we end rehearsals at Go People. 
Great little fringe event going on in the Hopmarket as part of 
Fabulous 
Come and try some Applesecco in the TIC today 
Big thanks to our friends 
 Where better to celebrate your Xmas party?!
Interested in finding out more about our Christmas Tree Ladder and how to check it out at The Festival of Trees? Mina and Karen will be telling you Live! Tune in to 
This is Carole. In November she was able to provide 50 refugee families with emergency assistance.

Please donate to the Christmas Appeal & help the Welcome Centre where you can. 
40 weeks until  
 Day one of our 
2 Sleeps! 
Nick Fustor '18 caught up with Bruce Beck '78 at the Rockefeller Center Tree Lighting Party last night! Fustor is a PR intern with 
here’s to a beautiful tree lighting
It's looking very festive at 
Happy advent everyone. Now, according to ancient rules laid down by my mum, you can eat mince pies and listen to Christmas songs. 
Wonderful ideas for making your hone feel 
Looking forward to my rare week of bliss....I will be returning to the real world on Dec 7 where I will follow up any enquiries then. You can still purchase my 2018 Winners Wall Calendar on this link. Will post out on my return for 
Don't miss out on the unveiling of 
If you’re a tea drinker then today’s prize will be right up your alley. A special package from 
Gift a buddy this awesome twosome this festive season – A 6-pack of Hopped Apple Soda from 
TONIGHT! Light up the holiday season with us. Don’t miss the 
Get in the Christmas spirit with us! Listen to 
I haven’t posted a makeup look for a while BUT I’ve just posted my first Christmas look over on Instagram 
TONIGHT! Don’t miss out - 5pm to 8pm 
 Here we go 
Fantastic thank you . If it's ok will put in 
Make Merry - Christmas Gifts 
This week, as it's December 1st, here I am looking all festive with my buddy 
DAY TWO: 
From 11am - 5pm on Saturdays and Sundays until 17th December! 
 BOXING DAY! 
THIS DECEMBER! It's all going on at 
 give the gift of a nice 
A sneak peek of some 
Look what my lovely family did to my kitchen while I was away. Yes, that’s me on the decoration I made from an old margarine lid in preschool. 
We'll be at Kings Cross THIS SATURDAY for 
Remember invite your friends.... Christmas is for sharing 
Come and join us for our 12th 
  is even  better for this week. It’s time to open the advent calendar - that’s it it’s officially Christmas 
 Planning for 
 and our first use of the 
Thanks to everyone who came to the Christmas Fair today, great fun had by all 
Dress rehearsal went brilliantly, don't forget to join us at the Cabot Circus Christmas light switch on tomorrow night 
We love this!!! Thank you so much! 
We are all SO excited here 
Are you excited for Parade Day? Here's a picture of last year's event taken from the Town Hall!
10am - 1pm CHRISTMAS CRAFT FAYRE. Free entry.
4:30pm CHRISTMAS LIGHTS SWITCH ON
5pm a chance to warm up in Maesteg Town Hall! local dance troupes. Entry £1
See you there, Maesteg! 
Our new poster from 
Can't believe my first term at 
Put the Christmas tree up today. Yay!! 
HI MEY’S MOM, THANK YOU EVERYONE 
Fancy a festive singalong? Join 
check these amazing ladies at 
Lots of great decorations being made in Central Hall at St Thomas' Hospital today. We can't wait to see them added to our tree 
Help us make LEGO decorations for our Christmas Tree! 
SO much fun last night 
tree making for 
me after pressing play on the first Christmas song of the season 
 Bring home your very own tree from the first annual Holiday Tree Market at 
Lots of lovely presents donated by our employees - they will be gifted to more than 50 local carers aged 14 and under by the RCT Young Carers charity! Merry Christmas 
Don't forget our 
Looks great, Emily - Very Christmassy! 
Is it too early for 
Anyone else excited to open the 1st door on their 
Get your house tip-top ready for those Christmas guests - for a chance to 
Guys, girls and gays..... 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
 new Christmas 
Whether you’re watching Elf, working, cooking a Sunday roast or simply hanging out with your family - have a great Sunday! 
Mrs F got me an early Christmas prezzie. 
Sorted for the shooting season!! Thank you 
December 1st... the day Wera’s notifications blow up like a badly wired set of Christmas tree lights! 
This is an amazing offer! Looking for a brilliant Christmas gift? 
I suppose the retail thing to do is say it’s 23 days till Christmas 
It's Beginning to Sound alot like 
Just sneezed Christmas!! Afternoon well spent I'd say 
Christmas tree up today? 
University Campus students - be sure to wear your Christmas outfits to bingo tonight! 
University Campus students - Don't forget Christmas bingo this Wednesday! 
Incredible support from 
Very happy with how the photos turned out 
Keep your eyes peeled from tomorrow onward for 

Sorry not sorry! 

ONE MORE DAY!!! 
Only the Grinch should have green fingers this 
Just a few of our stalls helping raise funds for 
Time for Cranberry sauce, fresh for tomorrow's market - we make ours with Chardonnay & Fennel seed 
We know it's not December yet but 
It’s officially Christmas Argory Christmas Fayre this weekend 
 time around the corner, we put together a short list of hot tips that will make every coffee lover happy. See the article for links to some great 
It's almost time to turn on the lights of The Merchant Christmas Tree! Come and see us today in The Great Room at 1.30 or 3pm for a performance by the BCGC - Belfast Community Gospel Choir and enjoy complimentary mulled wine and a mince pie! 
Christmas will arrive at The Merchant this Thurs 23rd Nov! The halls will be decked & our beautiful 25ft Tree will be up. To celebrate, Belfast Community Gospel Choir will sing at 1.30 & 3pm. Join us in The Great Room for complimentary mulled wine & a mince pie!
So today, the tree goes up! 
1st of December feels with 
Our Christmas singers are really looking forward to this event this evening! 
Only 4 more weeks until every lad in Britain gets one of these on Christmas Day
Here we go then, this coming Sundays fixtures. Not many games before we enjoy the Christmas Break 
Starting to feel a lot like Xmas 
Festive Afternoon Tea
It’s almost that time of year on 
Happy December!
Zip World Advent-ure Calendar Day 3
Zip World Advent-ure Calendar Day 2 
Zip World Adventure Calendar Day 1 
Zip World Adventure Calendar Day 1
We're excited to announce that tomorrow we'll be launching Zip World's Advent-ure Calendar! 
Fancy a £5,000 spending spree? Keep listening to find out how you can win a 
Doing a bit of Christmas shopping this weekend? How much are you planning to spend? Maybe a bit more if you live in Wales! 
Celtic 
Santa and Mason from the 
Halloween is so over and it’s now socially acceptable to break out the Christmas decorations. 
Cliff’s Mistletoe & Wine on the radio, Beirut traffic. I’m getting my Xmas ON. 
The lights are on! Happy Holidays from the Vista Guild! 
The big tree gets lit like The Vista in 30 min — get down here. 
Streets are closed and everyone's about to take the stage! 
The stage is set for 
Five minutes until 
Made your plans for 
 countdown is on! This Thursday. Made your plans yet! 
Tag your friends! 
Thinking about the week ahead? 
It's official - our tree is now up at the Old College quadrangle and the festive season is here at 
 sixth the Christmas pixies were out in force tonight 
The Christmas elves have done a wonderful job 
Christmas drinks and nibbles ... join us 
Another great year at the 
Happy 1st of December!

It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas at Buckingham Palace – see the final look next week. 
The perfect homemade gifts from our boarders for 
How
If you're looking for some new ideas for an 
Join us for a special 
At least I get to listen to something entertaining in gridlocked N1 traffic this morning. Happy December 
Greetings from Shanghai, Merry X'mas and Happy New Year to you all! 
Setting up the tree and hitting a Christmas party so it’s 100% time for 
Bundles, bundles, totes bundles!! It’s beginning to look a lot like 
it's SO close! NOT SO SILENT NIGHT Ticket Tag NEXT on 
 the beautiful festive EP @DecemberDaze from the ginger bread girl 
Don’t forget to come down this Sunday for our Christmas Fair!! 10am  til noon!! 
We know it's only just turned December but looks like Xmas 
We’ve got a great viewpoint 
My pal 
James Nesbitt recalls his favourite 
Just in time for the Holidays, 
DECEMBER 25 
OMG IT'S FINALLY DECEMBER!!!!!!!!!!! 
Fancy a £5,000 spending spree? Keep listening to find out how you can win a 
Rockin around the 
Wouldn't it be fantastic to dodge traffic jams and long queues at malls and department stores? 
Who's behind door 3? Only bloomin' 
Let there be light! 
He's arrived and is waiting in the wings 
Celebrate the season with a different take on the holidays 
The Lemon Twigs (
London's Heart Breakfast team photo with our Christmas winners Elizabeth, Emma and Sophia! Lots of thoughtful gifts for all 
Happy Advent Eve everyone! 
Rise and shine.. IT'S CHRISTMAS!! 
Saturday with Santa - and PG and Kyle! Thunder players spread 
 The Friday after our annual Christmas Miracle game, 
It's December 1st, so you know what that means... 
Today is your last chance to 
Get your house tip-top ready for those Christmas guests - for a chance to 
There's only 41 days left until Christmas! Get into the spirit early and party with us 
Competition time! Tell us which 
City Organist Darius Battiwalla performs our weekly lunchtime organ concert, Monday 4 December, 1.05pm 
Who likes Prosecco ? Join us Liverpool Prosecco Festival for more Fun, Food and Prosecco. An excellent gift for Christmas 
I was lucky enough to see 
Thanks for another great Friends Christmas party 
Absolutely loved 
Thanks for coming Leonie! 
So nice chatting to Amy about our upcoming Nutcracker!! Come see it!!! 
THIS FRIDAY! Christmas officially begins as 
'Tis the season... 
Pleased to announce that 
Person 1: "When you say arty, what do you mean?"
Person 2: "Y'know, bauble and a bit of bush"

Don't miss the hilarious Comedy Club 4 Kids: Christmas Cracker, full of festive fun! Sat 2 Dec, ages 6+ 
TOMORROW is the last day for our Holiday Layaway Special! 
Surprising someone with the experience of a lifetime this holiday season? Download this EDC Las Vegas gift tag, personalize it, and print it out for a special delivery. 
CHRISTMAS BEERS FOR EVERYONE! 
Well done to our junior choirs for a gorgeous concert last night 
Our junior choirs rehearsing for this evening's exciting Christmas concert! 5pm URC Farnham - it's going to be Christmasy! 
Feeling 
Choir parents, don't forget FYC Christmas cards, on sale every Weds rehearsal £1 each 
Tickets are now on sale for our Christmas Gala Concert. Sat 16 Dec, 7.30pm Tickets available from the 
The lovely ukulele players are entertaining the crowd at the second day of our Christmas Fair! Open til 8pm - come and enjoy some festive late night shopping 
Santas grotto is in full swing! Make sure you get down for a chance to meet santa & a cheeky mulled wine! 
Great news for Cali! 
Keeping toasty near the hot coals here at the Godalming Christmas 
Come and hear us playing 
Happy Christmas to all our followers, from (most) of the Cardiff children’s diabetes team 
'tis the season 
So 
If you feel like getting festive, take a decorating tip or two from 
Thanks for tuning in to 
Holiday Doughnuts are back in shops, just in time to add them to your wishlist. 
‘Tis the season for holiday donuts // Sprinkles on top, please...
We love seeing how you all 
Thanks for sharing how you 
Get into the 
Happy December!! Spend this month with us at 
Thankyou 
Don’t miss Holidays with 
Tune in today at 2pm for an in-studio performance from 
It’s lit! 
Happy Holidays, Houston! 
Kick off the holiday season this weekend in 
Happening this Friday!

Mayor 
Don’t forget, 
We're humbled to see 
Add a little sparkle to your 
Great tasting cans 
There's a 
 Take a look at these beautiful trees starting from £5 in store now 
FRIDAY 1ST DECEMBER!!! HAPPY ADVENT CALENDAR DAY!! 
We're getting you into the 'Christmas Time' spirit with this fab new addition. Check it out!! 
It is ON! Who would win in a fight? 
Get into the Christmas spirit with us! We'll be 
With 4 days to go we’re counting down to our FREE festive family event at 
Food is always amazing at 
 Looking forward to selling our Christmas Trees in store this weekend 
Big thank you to all visitors who came to So Last Century on Sunday.  Another wonderful day! We’re back again on Sun 10th Dec at Beckenham Place Mansion 
You’re never too old to get most excited about waking up to a stocking 
The maximalist trend that has been dominating the interiors world 
The legendary Mayfair institution 
Come home from walking the dog in Battersea park to find Mr has bought a 
Vote NOW for your favourite choir! We thought all three schools were absolutely fantastic. Regardless which school receives the most votes in the end, they are all winners to us! Poll ends on Sunday 3rd Dec at 6pm
We're warming up the seasonal songs in anticipation 
The School Choir Competition poll deadline has been extended until Monday 4th at 3pm! Vote NOW for your favourite - see tweet at top of our profile. All 3 choirs yesterday were absolutely fantastic!
Great photo 
What a beautiful 
Let the lights guide you to 
Community Christmas 
Today!  Christmas on the Green live festive entertainment until 5pm. Come along this afternoon 
Welcome to December on Xbox One! 
I’m playing at this lovely little secret mews in 
It’s December 1 - already eaten my entire advent calendar. WHOOPS! 
This is what Christmas looks like... 
It's Day 2 of our 
1st December, it’s that time of year again! Have you spotted our tree out at 91 Brick Lane? 
Christmas decs poised, festive jumpers lined up and a playlist full of jingle bells standing by. December, we're ready!

Help us fill tomorrow's playlist and tell us your all-time favourite Christmas songs. Go on, throw in some guilty pleasures too! 
Late Night Shopping & Choir of 1,000 Voices - Thurs 14th December
JUST TWO DAYS AND COUNTING!
Thank you for your amazing support! It really makes a difference 
Need something to entertain the kids? 
Get into the festive spirit this weekend with 
Shooting Christmassy posts today and having the time of my life
I don’t have many festive photos in my camera roll yet (maybe I’m waiting for December to finally reach us!) but I do have a very festive blog post up today 
Happy 1st of December to all of our Westminster Business School students and staff! 
TODAY! Get along to 
From 
Very excited that our bicycle socks were featured in the 
Looks like a stunning start to the 
It's a month until Christmas 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas!
December is here...time to plan that 
'Tis the season for the best deals! 
Christmas has come to Freepik! 
HOLIDAY TOY DRIVE
Getting emotional with 
Save 17% on our 24x Christmas Beer Case. That will make you hoppy! 
Jeff has his copy of 
Out shopping and Season Of Love is playing over the loud speakers. 
We’re taking over 
It’s less than a month ‘til Christmas! Who else is putting up their tree this weekend?
Which makes you feel more festive: Christmas wreaths or tinsel? Tell us your pick! 
The countdown to 
It's December! 
Do Saturdays get any better ! Love a pint of 
Happy December! Our favourite time of the year! 
Hundreds of bikers generously give up their time in the festive season to help Santa out, bringing joy and supporting children in hospitals and hospices 

Who's spending Saturday night putting up the Christmas Tree? If so.. I want to see!! 
Fun times yesterday picking Chrsitmas trees 
This means I might be about to press play on 
 MERRY CRIMBO 
Visit your local Oxfam to find that perfect unexpected gift this year, and spread a little hope to people who need it the most 
 Oxfam's Fill Your Own crackers on 
Are Christmas cards a dying tradition?  
11/10. You win Christmas. 
Oooh cant wait to start delivering these .......its nearly that time everyone 
*Plays Mariah’s Christmas hits* Off out dancing tonight? Perhaps some shopping (of the Christmas variety) tomorrow? Here’s what you need to know. 

Brett is performing TOMORROW NIGHT on A Very Pentatonix Christmas with 
Merry everything! 
| Attending our 'Magical Christmas Time' parties this December?

Share our exclusive Snapchat filter using 
| WOW! How magical was last night's 
| Our 
Queen snapped just in time for Christmas 
SCENTSATIONAL
Some important times for your perusal! 
Sad Everly Brothers songs for your Christmas 
Photographing our Christmas gifts today! Don’t forget to check out the full range on our website...NOW! 
There are still tickets left for our Traditional Russian Christmas Storytelling & feast. This Friday 8th December. £30! Tickets available through @wrigglebristol 
Looking for a personalised gift this Christmas? Our same day turnaround for one offs means that you can give something extra special this year 
Get in the 
 is coming... Monday. 
The countdown to an 
Get your tickets now for Tara's Christmas Dinner
O Christmas tree!
Wish we could go back 24 hours and enjoy 
It's just not Xmas until you hear it... 
It’s time for 
Thanks to everyone who braved the cold for our 
Eek! V excited to be in this guide. Come along to our festive extravaganza this Sun 10-4 Instow - free food & drink tasters inc chocolate, fizz & 
We're getting in the festive spirit with this week's 
On our way to 
Ho ho ho-ld on! Are you joining the 
With the snow falling, Durham is an amazing Winter Wonderland and it's beginning to look a lot like 
Get crafty for Christmas with 
And things are starting to look festive at the 
& the lights are on!! 
Help us make LEGO decorations for our Christmas Tree! 
We intend to celebrate December in style. With 
Traders getting ready for the first day 
Just had a lil’ seasonal spruce-up. How do I look? 
Today I've gutted and cleaned the house (downstairs), put the decs up 
Yess! You gotta love Christmas on Hope Street 
We intend to celebrate Christmas and NYE in style. With 
BRB, taking a trip down Holiday Lane 
Good Morning it’s 
There is *another* new Hallmark movie on tonight.
Wanting to get into the holiday spirit? 
Already prepping for our next antiques fair ⭐︎ Sunday 10th December at the 
Who doesn't want freshly roasted coffee in their stocking on 
Stop by Christmas at the Port at the Big Fiddle in 
What are your plans on Saturday 9th December?
Get ready for Christmas!
We’re working on our float for tomorrow’s parade! Look out for us, our 
We're all ready for Christmas at 
All my PhD student 
Feeling Christmassy 
The Garden, cafe & shop are open 11-3 (except Saturdays) until Dec 15. Come for a wintry walk then warm up with a hot choc and a warming lunch at the cafe
Botanically fabulous wreaths in progress any moment here with a group of very excited visitors ! Mulled wine to follow 
More festive fun wreath making today ! A lovely way to spend Sunday . The Garden & Cafe  & shop are open too 
We’re excited to be holding wreath making workshops today 
 bringing our 
The Christmas decorations are going up at 
Team 
Christmas has come to The Rosendale. Anyone else put their decorations up? Too soon? 
Heading out with your family today? Don't forget up to 3 accompanied kids (under 16s and Bus ID holders) travel free on all our services - 
 Don't forget today kids travel free with us! Up to 3 accompanied kids (under 16s and Bus ID holders) travel free across all our services. Find out more at 
 Kids travel free this weekend! Every weekend between now and Christmas up to accompanied kids (under 16s and Bus ID holders) travel free on all our services - 
Reeve & I now have four books out, plus a brand-new activity book to keep kids busy on Christmas and Boxing Day! 
It's that time of year, right?
Well as its December 1st tomorrow we thought this might put you in the 
New WE BARE BEARS CHRISTMAS SPECIAL tonight! "THE PERFECT TREE" premieres at 7:30pm on 
We're in full swing of festivities! 
 Hi Charles absolutely love the music it's awesome and good luck with it for children in need . It should brighten up anyone's day, well done to all of you, Charles, Charlie, Phillip and James. Merry Christmas to you all 
this Saturday we'll be having a christmas party & fundraising auction! 
 Day 
Celebrate the Christmas and New Year period here at St. Andrew’s! 
8 year old Miguel, the youngest, 
As well as the Market, there's plenty to enjoy in Bath this Christmas 
 It's not too late to book for Christmas..... 
Get in touch to find out about our Prosecco fountains and special offers. Call us on 0117 9630 680 or visit
Putting up the decorations this 
Make your 
Struggling for gift ideas? Or a Secret Santa pressie? Have a look at 
Looking for Christmas drinks ideas? 
We’ve announced some great new 
Ahh starting to get excited for Christmas now. Loved taking Summer to see Santa today. My tree going up tomorrow 
Christmas trees up
This should’ve been in the Xmas stash
‘Tis the season 
Meet your elf: Hairball the elf aka Santa’s helper. Taking calls, delivering trees and making sure Christmas goes off without a hitch! 
We are looking for some 
'Tis The Season 
This time of year is here again -  
Need advice on choosing books for older kids & YA? Tune into 
What a great image of an epic night in 
Christmas has exploded in Nexus... it’s the 1st of December so totally acceptable to play Christmas music and decorate some trees 
It’s day 2 of my 
I'm 
Tis the festive season! 
Hot chocolates and cosy PJ’s at the ready! The theme of this year’s 
Magic 
Favourite 
Did someone say freelancer film Christmas 
Students are ready for business at our Christmas Pop-up Shop in GMIT Letterfrack this morning. Call in from 10am-2pm. Some great Christmas gifts for sale 
Christmas tree cupcakes for our Christmas experience 
Too early? 
Kicking off the festive season with the Christmas party for 300 local senior citizens! Looking forward to lots of music and dancing later 
Christmas Junior Offer 
***
Festive Afternoon Tea begins this week! 
 12 Days of Christmas | Buy or claim your tickets to The Clash now, & you could be in with the chance of winning one of these fantastic prizes including a stay 
Big thanks to the lovely 
The Hotel Grande Bretagne & Santa have marked the start of the most magical time of the year! We wish you a happy festive season. 
Carlow parking arrangements for 
 this 
 Taw Restaurant Christmas Menus 
If you're crazy enough to be heading anywhere near Oxford Street or Regent St this Xmas, make sure you book in a lunch here 
There are lots of reasons to visit the 
These adorable Christmas tree brownies are getting us excited for Christmas!
We have a very special Medieval Christmas Pilgrimage taking place today until 4:30 
Quick peek at our 'nearly Christmas
Here are our 
For our first Children's 
Behind the 
Beautiful night for the 
L.A. County Tree Lighting ceremony w/ 
We're doing 
We're so excited to be hosting another 
I am in bed with The Book Of Dust, a hot water bottle, and peppermint tea, and I'm excited because tomorrow is Christmas Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve Eve!
 shopping made easy at Next 
The moment our Christmas tree at Waterloo opened up! Thanks to everyone who worked throughout the night to bring some festive joy to travellers through Waterloo this winter 
We were very busy last night at Waterloo Station setting up our (massive!) Christmas tree. We'll share more photos when it's all finished! 
Get in the mood for Christmas this Saturday 
We're looking forward to Celebrating with 
Could you 
Can you help on Thursday 7 Dec at Belfast Central Mission to assemble food parcels for families and older people who are in need? 
Don't spend Christmas in the kitchen! 
Excited to return with 
I shall sleep with my fingers crossed that the weather is good enough to put up my 
First Christmas card of the season from our friends 
12 
12 Prizes of 
12 Deals of 
The last day of November it is then... Let the festivities begin! 
Experience magic this winter! We have two 
Thanks Miss McStravock and our P3 class for a beautiful Advent Assembly. We are getting ready for the baby Jesus. 
Primary 1 are working hard to develop their ICT skills during PBL. Lots of decorations being created for our Christmas tree. 
Ennis-killin it- how good does the 
Looking forward to Carols by Candlelight again this year 
Crowd starting to build at today's 
There are still places available for our Natural Christmas Decorations workshop! Use natural materials such as willow and clay to create handmade festive ornaments 
North East Concert Band entertained our visitors with fabulous Christmas carols in the bandstand today. 
Good morning everyone! 
Happy advent everyone. Now, according to ancient rules laid down by my mum, you can eat mince pies and listen to Christmas songs. 
 Looking for some festive fun in Yorkshire? Well look no further - here's some ace activities for all the family: 
Busy, fun day outside with 
Happy 1st of December! 
A new version of an advent calendar 
Countdown to Christmas with the Tatty Treat Tree! Every time we add a new decoration to the tree, you get a treat... 
Huge thanks 
Make plans with us this Christmas & New Year. There's lots of places to visit to get you into the festive spirit and more buses on 
St John’s Christmas Tree Festival starts this weekend in 
You heard that right – "Christmas is Coming!"
***Enter our amazing Christmas 
Thanks for the feature guys!  This year we have a special holiday offer 
To help you enjoy Belton in full sparkle we’re staying open an hour later (till 5pm) every weekend up till Christmas 
So this is Christmas 
Looking forward to this tomorrow 
Last chance to apply today
It's not long until we can put our trees up for the feastive season! When do you put your 
 Last chance to book your Christmas Party at Edgbaston Stadium! Over 7,000 covers already SOLD 
Who said putting the tree up would be easy! We can't wait to see it finished! 
Christmas excitement level: 
Join JCC as he records two special Christmas editions of his Radio 4 series 'Dr John Cooper Clarke at the BBC'. Live at BBC's Radio Theatre in London 
Centenary would make a very fine Christmas 
It’s beginning to look a lot like 
Thank you to everyone who came to 
Come join me for my monthly class to music at 
Count down on!!!!
 is coming to 
Pop in and join us on this fabulous Xmas shopping event 
 Christmas Gifs. 
You know it’s beginning to feel like Christmas when 
Can your festive outfit get any sassier? 
Incoming: major Christmas party inspo! 
Retweet if you deserve to go! 
LIVING for these Christmas vibes!! 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas
Day one of my JUDDVENT CALENDER 
WHO IS UP ? RT 
It's almost that time of the year
 NEXT SAT 12/9 - The Big One - The Dandy Warhols Annual 
 reads The Night Before Christmas 
My Christmas album drops 1st Dec 
C H R I S T M A S // Simply RT and like this tweet to be entered into the chance to win £300 worth of vouchers. 

Winner announced Christmas Day 
The countdown has begun... Happy 1st of December everybody from 
Dreaming of a VR Christmas: 
I don't know what you're talking about. My family isn't extra. 
TONIGHT, we're lighting our 
The ho-ho-holidays have arrived! Here are 5 festive things to do at 
Give the gift of all-natural, cruelty-free beauty this Christmas 
The 13th annual Andy Kim Christmas takes place on Wednesday December 6 at 7pm at the Queen Elizabeth Theatre! 
 Holiday package! 
 Jinglin' all the way to Cardiff for the rugby?
It's busy out there - make sure you get in early

It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
Keep up the good work 
Tinsel the elf has arrived in Y1A, I hope he doesn't get up to too much mischief! 
TIDINGS
I just put a TON of photos from behind the scenes of various 
Excited to get festive today by checking out 
We’re counting down the 
Let's begin 
C H R I S T M A S • M A R K E T 
Biggest giveaway ever! A Christmas on Swiss Farm! Over £150 worth. Everything you need for the perfect Christmas. For one lucky winner! All you need to do is retweet. Must be following! Good luck 
Who is having the best gift for Christmas this year? 
It's Christmaaas |  SALE upto 75% off at Online4baby 
Who's not getting coal this year??  
CashforKidsNI: RT coolfm: THANK YOU! SantaDashBfast was the biggest yet. Over 700 of you joined us and covered Belfast's streets in a sea of red
I have been so busy the past 2 days getting ready for my 12 Days Of Christmas!! I am SO EXCITED!!!
Shop my sisters Holiday Gift Guide! She worked so hard on this and there are so many good ideas!
I personally love Holiday makeup more than anything! Nothing beats a Holiday glam!!!
Donations have started coming in for the 
Tap to find your Christmas Tree Pal! Who did you get? 
It’s film night at the workshop!
Which film should we watch? 
We have a great crew here at Taco Palenque! We appreciate the generosity of our great team, they each donated an unwrapped toy to support our holiday 
mom: you can’t watch the second season of Stranger Things in one day 
me: ... 

Where there's 
Holiday parties are already getting booked ... make sure you're ready! Check out my 4 fave 
Merry Makers Market is today 12 - 6pm! 
Tis the season 
It was a great day celebrating the holiday season at our employee family party. 
Merry Christmas and happy holidays to everyone!!
See you soon! Love the sweaters. 
THIS IS MAD CRAZY.... catch us on 
You can still donate through 10am today! Head to Robinson and donate a new unwrapped toy to 
It’s December & we’re feeling the holiday spirit (aka vodka) 
Christmas tree from 
Are you looking for a stocking stuffer for friends & family? Our new Peanut Butter Santas are the perfect treat to spread holiday cheer. 
Thank you to everyone who joined us at the Tree Lighting Ceremony last night! 
Great looking tree at 
Join us at 6 p.m. tomorrow for the 
Today is our FIRST Nationality Rooms Holiday Hunt! 
The Nationality Rooms 
Everyday is definitely Christmas when you give the GIF that keeps on giving 
 Have you heard Have Yourself a Merry Little Christmas by 
Cirque Musica presents Believe made a stop at Bell MTS Place this evening to spread a little holiday magic. 
December is finally upon us, which means... it's time to get festive! 
We're looking for a musical 
Fancy a Christmas jumper that's guaranteed for 30 years? 
‘‘Tis the season... My favorite Christmas Tree
Saks Fifth 2017 festive mood.. The countdown to Christmas is ON
Smart shoppers get their holiday shopping done at The Angels Team Store.

Fans who spend $50 will receive a free ornament, while supplies last!
2017 Christmas Gala! Save the date! 
West coast... let’s eat and be merry together... starting ... now 
And... starts RIGHT NOW! 
To all my 
Sometimes all it takes is a little Christmas magic. 
Thank you to everyone that helped make blankets this morning! 40 blankets for nursing homes & 20 blankets for babies!
Putting your tree up this weekend? Don't forget to tag us in your decorations pictures! 
Anyone else getting in the Hall-iday spirit?
The Lake is Lit! 
Christmas lights in the Rose Garden and a tree already lit in the Oval. 
Great night at The Mount in 
Wear the pride, share the pride this holiday season. Shop new arrivals and Fall Clearance at 
 It's that time of year again! 
Christmas time officially kicks off this Wednesday in NYC, and we're joining the 
CURRENTLY HALF OFF AT MICHAELS!!!! 
Happy 1st December
‘Tis the season to be jolly 
To make your holiday bright, we're giving away top Indy experiences for the next 12 days. First up, win tix to 
 "Jingle Bell Rock" is so 
It’s officially Christmastime! 
Officer Gary Wheeler needed help with landscaping and Christmas lights 
Merry and Bright 
This is about to be the best night ever. Best way to start the Christmas season 
Merry Christmas you filthy animals! 
Catch the last hour of the Holiday Open House TONIGHT at Carr's Hill 
Turn your holiday lights off before leaving home or going to bed. 
THIS is a Christmas movie I like! Love the diversity in the cast! Bravo, 
Navidad en el Barrio Essay Winners. Many 
It appears that some elves have escaped the workshop and are hiding in our tree! 
 Presents: Third Thursdays! 
We’ve got quite a day lined up at Citizens Bank Park! 
Representing at the Encinitas Holiday Parade! 
Family road trip into the city to see the tree!! 
Did we mention everything is under $35 & will be on campus before you go home for break?!? Start your
Just in time for decorating your tree, all ornaments are 25% OFF now through Saturday! 
We're in Salem, OR tonight performing at 
What an incredible night at the Beacon with 
All songs have officially been submitted. 
Gonna get these Christmas lights up before 
As you go by our distillery this evening, you’ll notice it’s not only our Liberties Lantern that’s lighting up the neighbourhood at the moment…
Today we did something we never did before... we decorated our distillery Christmas trees! Looking forward to our very first Christmas here in The Liberties! 
Only a few weeks away to our 2017 Nutcracker! Get your tickets today 
Great crowd 
Few tickets available for our 
New issue coming soon...
 means an entire month of infinite holiday adverts to elicit true holiday spirit. Watch 
Have a festive and fun filled weekend with Etsy Made Local. Full event info here: 
Love Christmas shopping almost as much as the big day with Etsy Made Local. Full info: 
Looking ahead to 
Christmas Carols with Mumma 
A memory of my merry mongrel Christmases in our Italian-Irish-Glaswegian household 
Out today, your 64-page special issue of The Dish, packed full of everything you need for your Christmas feast! 
Just 2 day lefts to DOUBLE YOUR DONATION 
Please share. 
Don't be alone this Christmas 
We are collecting donations for Christmas Gift parcels for those in need in the 
Can you spare 1h to help collect donations over 
Christmas Eve preparations in full swing 
Join us tomorrow at 9:30 with 
Happy Christmas 
still time to make reservations for 
 | It's December 
Ike the Christmas Pug is waiting for you with all his maker friends at Lake Affect til 6:00 today! 1615 East 25th St (behind the ArtCraft Building’s open studios!) 
Live music,  art,
Gr8 fun singing
Happy Holidays from all of us
We love this! Well done Beryl 
Save the date: The Brit + Co Holiday House opens December 1st in SF! 
It’s all happening today
All I want for Christmas is RI Teacher Training 
Today's the day! The 
Continuing my 
Anyone looking for a 
Yikes! Only 23 shopping days left till Christmas 
THIS WEEKEND: Santa will be in Midtown for 36th Annual Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta Christmas Parade on Saturday, Dec. 2. Parade kicks off at Peachtree St. & 16th St. at 10:20 a.m. Vehicles left on the parade route will be towed. More info: 
Chocolate tombola coming along nicely..
Looking forward to tonight’s Christmas Fayre 
Fantastic raffle prizes at the Christmas Craft Fayre this Thursday 
Christmas Craft Fayre Thursday 30th November. 6.30pm - 8.30pm Come along and buy your gifts. 
P2-cember deals are here! 
Cookies! It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in the Taste Cafe - with some delicious shortbread cookies to buy when you visit this festive season including red-nosed reindeer, Christmas trees and baubles! 
Day 1/24 Time to get ready for Christmas!

it's SO close! NOT SO SILENT NIGHT Ticket Tag NEXT on 
Kribmas pre sale tickets were on sale 12hours yesterday and damn near sold out. Tomorrow general admission tickets go on sale & ya bet not go out sad.  Y’all better cop them tickets 
HAPPY DECEMBER 1ST STAR TWEETERS! ONLY 24  DAYS TILL CHRISTMAS! 
If you're going to the 
“We’re saying MERRY CHRISTMAS again!”
Our Xmas Tree in 
Celebrate the 
Winter Wonderland Piano Cover 
Happy December! We have some amazing Christmas concerts coming your way to get you in the Christmas spirit! 
It's the first ever 
We are so excited about our upcoming Christmas concert on Dec 3 with 
We have not one, not two, but three amazing concerts for you this holiday season! 
Merry Christmas from my family to yours! 
The start of December is almost here which means bring on the holiday dresses! 
It’s the most wonderful time of the year! Winter Wonderland is this Friday from 9-11PM in the Mary Dooley College Center. 
2017 Tree Lighting Ceremony from 4:15PM - 5PM on the Quad. Join us and gather 'round the fire for cocoa, cider, cookies, and carols performed by the Elms Choir, as we bless our tree and welcome Santa for the official countdown! 
 are here! Bringin' you hot deals all month long 
The best way to spread Christmas cheer is making kids smile from ear to ear. 
Check out our guys visiting with kids at the St. Mary’s children’s Christmas Party this morning! 
Only 3 weeks to Christmas Eve! Still working out the details of my major holiday road trip, but I'm really looking forward to Christmas in Houston
December is here!  What show’s will see you at this month? 
Don’t forget to bring a toy to the 
The tree 
Don’t get hypnotized by the cute dog!  ***Remember*** if you see something suspicious during your shopping adventure, give us a call. We might catch a grinch together. 
It's here!  It's Cyber Monday.  Don't forget to give some thought to where you will have those packages delivered.  Have a great online 
Here is our holiday shopping tip for today.  ***REMEMBER*** Be aware of your surroundings while shopping.  If you are distracted with too many items, thieves or pickpockets may be able to approach you undetected.  Keep it reasonable and have a 
Officer Challenge.  Don't let us sneak up on your valuables! Have a safe  
4,000+ of you voted to find the UK’s most popular Christmas market. Congrats to Lincoln Christmas Market 
Join us for a festive day at 
Up to 100,000 people attend the APS Electric Light Parade
LOVE THIS!!!!! ‘Tis the season 
It is officially my favorite time of the year. 
The countdown is on 
 LAST CHANCE! 
Let’s dance it out this festive season. Lime & Fancy’s Christmas Vacation - December 16th 
It's Day 1 of the 
 : The Royal Free Hospital Christmas tree is up! 
Less than two weeks till our 
The ultimate alternative Christmas party for people who prefer Halloween! Feat. Nun Habit, 
Folks, we're having a party! 15 Dec 
Pre-order 
Christmas Shopping Opportunity
Everyone's favourite sleuthing Father is back for Christmas 
It's that time of the year again 
We’re all set for the 
Great to visit the beautiful 
Can we get excited now? 
The magic behind the Christmas adverts: Dr Charles Hancock is delving into how John Lewis sets the benchmark on Christmas Adverts: 
So excited to put the Christmas tree up this afternoon, our first Christmas in our house 
Festive Tap 
Join us for our Christmas Light Switch On..
OMG make this holiday casualty worthwhile by getting tickets to 
Christmas tree's up 
Last minute availability! Christmas parties at the Botanical Gardens, now from just £36.00 per person 
 ... it’s countdown only #2 more classes before 
Driving home down the 
 to all our followers and customers! 
Ready to start the Christmas Lights Trail on my first 
My last Italia Conti carol concert 
last Carol Concert as a student at 
 I visited 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in the Venuemasters office 
It's not a Christmas tree 
We're big fans of the amazing work 
It's day 2 of our 
Here it is! The first present in our 
We're getting festive 
Great start to our Christmas Fayre! On until 12 today so come on down and get into the festive spirit! 
P3 getting into the Christmas spirit just in time for our Christmas Fayre TOMORROW 10-12!! Lots of fabulous raffle prizes, P7 luxury hamper and gifts/products made by every child in the school as part of their enterprise activity! 
If you're putting your 
Tis' the season to get merry big. Catch the best new bands first at 
What a great idea! A Twitter 
It’s beginning to look a lot like... 
Finished and on Sale! Love those little Christmas Trees 
Loved it!! A brilliant day once again.  Full of cakes, buns,beer,snakes,mice,pets,
flowers,beauty,books & Christmas decorations! Please do shop local 
The Coke Christmas Truck is at the Jezzine Barracks in Townsville today from 3-5pm. Come down to take a pic & grab a free Coke No Sugar!
Pleasure to perform to the crowds 
Lady P preparing some chocolate Christmas Trees 
Feeling christmassy with carols from our students at 
Baltimore’s authentic German Christmas Village
Vlogmas day one is now up on my MoreZoella Youtube channel 
Go check out my new DIY Christmas video featuring the 
A few drinks at the Christmas party last night?
Pick up your real 
A huge thank you to 
Happy December! Follow our 
 My poorly girl felt a whole lot better after getting her letter from you 
Merry Switchmas — these are the top 5 
The 5 best 
 This one is easy! 
 Let's open the 2nd door! 
 Happy Holiday Season 
Getting my mr.danielocean on this Christmas 
Happy 1st of December!

Feel festive with our 24 Days of Christmas, where we're giving you the chance to 
Happy holidays! Chief Galea helped Santa light the tree at tonight's annual Holiday Tree Lighting in downtown 
Live on 
CHRISTMAS GIVEAWAY! 
DAY ONE | CHRISTMAS GIVEAWAYS 
Big GIVEAWAY 
25 Days of Christmas Giveaway 
Deux Giveaway en cours! JOUR 3
Gros giveaway PayPal JOUR 3
Intercasino's Christmas celebrations start tonight!
Feeling festive? 
We hope you like our 
Great! Thank you! 
We're still at our 
They're going fast so make sure you come down and get one! 
Look who came to see us...
Thank you so much for this amazing donation 
Thank you for your support everybody at 
A reminder that our Christmas Market is taking place tomorrow 
Mission Christmas 
 Christmas Celebration Auditions 
Coming up on Sunday we have a very festive Santa Special Off Road Duathlon.

Taking place in Hartlepool Summerhill Country Park on Sunday 2 December.

Wear something related to Christmas. 
HOST YOUr Company Holiday Party with us in December and YOU will be seeing 
Wheely buzz around the city this afternoon with the launch of 
A beautiful crisp 
It’s the most wonderful time of the year! 
We’re very busy here at 
Wonderful pic in today's #/
Just a few of our stalls helping raise funds for 
Come see us at the 
More Christmas 
Now that the 


5 weeks to go 
Strong, courageous, inspiring - our line of duty families continue to amaze me. We can never repay them for their sacrifice, but we promise to always honor them and their loved ones. Thank you to the 
Sorted for the shooting season!! Thank you 
We wonder what festive treat the 
Annual Christmas
Comm Affairs & Domestic Violence held a tree trimming party at a local shelter. Thanks to Janine who donated the
Planning on watching the 
Another fabulous play.. thanks 
It’s officially Christmas. Phonewatch Kids Christmas Party 
Keeping up the Christmas themed tweets! 
It's the
Over 5000 people visited FINE today! Thank you so much to everyone who came along, showcasing incredible producers from in and around Aberdeen is such a pleasure. In case you haven't made it along yet we're open tomorrow from 12-8.30 
One of the best yet. Welcome home Sgt Burke! 


O N L Y  2 3  D A Y S

          
Have lots of festive family fun this weekend at W5! 
We are now taking Christmas bookings online! 
Ye waited to get our backs turned after me and Arder doing the early shift
 shoe boxes dropped off to 
1st December 
 Spreading the Crouch End Christmas Spirit 
Decorating the Christmas 
An upside down tree is the hot new trend for Christmas 2017. Ha, ha whatever will the fashionistas think of next. 
Sending tonnes of Christmas cheer and happiness back to you all 
Thinking of what to get your favorite poker fan for the holidays? Lock up the perfect gift today! 
Looking for the ultimate 
We've shortlisted your submissions on what to name the office Christmas Tree! Which one should win? 
Thank you to all your entries to what we should call our office Christmas tree 
the only xmas card that matters. 
Let the competition begin 
With only 38 sleeps left until Christmas, make sure you've got your festive cards sorted and help us defeat dementia while you're at it 
Looking very festive! Thank you for your support Stratford Grammar. Is anyone else having a Christmas Jumper Day? 
Christmas is made even more special by the foods we love! 
Please tell me  I'm not alone!! Anyone else started? 
Who’s ready for Christmas...in a Cup?! 
On Christmas we make red & green deviled eggs!

Hit RT if YOU are joining my Ugly Christmas Sweater party on 
When DECEMBER hits and you just can't wait til 
Thank you to everybody who has been down to visit our stall so far, we really appreciate your support. We have enjoyed serving our customers so far and look forward to serving more for the rest of the week! 
We are in Stall 29, St Mary's Market this week, selling our Christmas Enterprise products. Come and say hello and grab a bargain Christmas present 
Saying I love Winter Candy Apple scents is an understatement! 
Plenty of festive events on today in and around 
The Christmas lights have just been turned on 
It’s almost December and we’re feeling festive 
Tim Vine Travels In Time Christmas Special 
Sat 2nd December I Will Be @ 
.....first of many 
It’s Monday which means we are...


Tomorrow is Dec 1st. Time to crack out the Christmas Movie advent calendar 
Had a great day. We made a whole colony of penguins and had great fun and ate a mountain of gingerbread 
Phew! Relief, 60 desserts done! 
What a way to start out Christmas supper club 
Love them! Great idea 
Busy, busy day....
In Manchester for 8.30am..
Visited stores (looking good & very busy 
Bingo, paper hats, winter warmers and a toe-tapping good time 
Tomorrow it’s the penultimate 
Extreme dodgeball club 
 tomorrow 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas on Towers Street! 
 and raise money for 
Looking for some unique Christmas gifts? There will be a craft fair in the Union-Link this Thursday 30 November 10.30am-3pm everyone welcome
A great day, thank you to one and all for making it so special 
U9 overall winners 
 performance squad hope to see you all 
1st December means the start of our 
Christmas Jumper done 
LAST CHANCE! There's not long left to enter Day 2 of our Advent 
‘You are not failing at Christmassy parenting just because you haven’t hand-sewn an advent calendar out of sheep wool you’ve flown in from Nazareth.’ 

My blog post from this time last year: The Unnecessary Pressure of Christmas 
 all three of these school history titles as a special Christmas 
We're taking 12 fab bloggers to some our our great Independents for 
December 3rd
It’s our annual Christmas shopping trip to 
Great visit to 
Another lovely Christmas display 
Family morning 
Christmas has come to the Lowisz household 
The Countdown to Christmas begins... 

Treat your customers to a festive coffee with our range of syrups. 
Ahh it's happening! First Christmas craft fair is underway 
 3rd December Giveaway! 
Christmas has arrived at Bruce Stevenson HQ!
It's finally December! The greatest time of the year! Ella is so excited! Are you?! 
Our tree is looking a bit Seussian after its hibernation. 
The National Christmas Tree Lighting is tomorrow and that means road closures around Foggy Bottom. See Campus Advisories and plan ahead if you have to commute: 
How to give the gift of fun this 
If nobody's asking you sarcastically if you've got enough lights on your Christmas tree, then you don't have enough lights on your Christmas tree. 
 coming soon!  
''Tis the season 
Pretty 
Merry & Bright! 
The Christmas tree debate
Our Christmas Shop is now open.... 
Festive Winter Cocktails for our 
Festival of Trees & Traditions continues today, 10am-5pm! See you soon 
Tonight we light up the trees! 
Party like it’s 1946 at the underground station of 
What ho! Scoundrels, get ready to have a swingin' time down at the station this 
Elf shannigans.... 
Step back in time to 
To everyone taking part in todays 
Just a little over two weeks until I'll be back in the UK for another amazing Panto tradition. Can't wait! 
 Winchester! Here's your first day of our video advent series 
They’re on! And 
Our team are installing the 
 looking great again this year 
•Twas’ two nights before Trans-Siberian Orchestra...
•When all through the arena, not an instrument was playing, not even the scoreboard 
•The arena was prepped and made ready with care
•With hopes that holiday spirit would soon be there
Dreaming of a winter getaway? We're ready to pack our bags and jet off to these 
Looking for the perfect gift for a fellow beauty lover? 
Miller Harris 
Haven't decided where to go to in December? How about the Christmas Fair in Stockholm? 
It’s time to get in the holiday spirit! Today on the blog I’m sharing a home tour of all my Christmas Decor! 
Today we went to get our Christmas Tree! 
Deck the halls this weekend with our new range of Puleo Trees! 
What a nice gesture from 
New window display somewhere on our home island of Guernsey (bonus points for anyone who can guess where...) Did you know you can now buy 
Delivering Christmas cheer to 
Get into the store and discover the promotion 
'Tis the season, Delray Beach
A big thank-you to 
Taking the stage ! 
Just in case you missed the magical moment! 
Happy 1st of December everyone. It’s the last month of the year, let’s make it a good one. We’re starting the month feeling very festive 
Join our fun and festive Jingle Bell Jog at 
So excited my Christmas EP is out
Thanks for a great morning at our Mount Greenwood Branch!
To do: Find unique Christmas gifts at the 
YASSS!!! VLOGMAS DAY 1!!! 
Who’s ready for Vlogmas day 1?!? 
Ok start refreshing your sub boxes!!!! AHHHH!!! OMG OMG OMG OMG!!! 
It's starting to feel a lot like Christmas in Toronto
New USB Flash Drive UV100F releases today in a special edition red package. Perfect as a gift to friends, family, and team members
May the force be with you...... 
It's time to spread the cheer heading into the new year, so we're officially announcing our 'Happy Holidays Giveaway'! 
Only 17 days left! All stalls are filled and the day is going to be great. Its the most wonderful time of the year
Please spare anything you can and hand it in to 
Our Christmas Market Is 6 Weeks Away 
 Get your tickets today! 
Casey's Advent Ko-fi-dar
Day out at the Christmas tree farm 
Not only is it 
Christmas havoc. Got our 
We love this Polar sketch, 'The Alert in Winter Quarters, firm amongst the Barrier Bergs'.

Dr. Edward Lawton Moss served on board the 'Alert' in the Arctic expedition of 1875-1876. He produced a series of sketches which he later published.

 
Happy Advent! Let's kick off the Christmas countdown by looking forward to more snow...

These snow goggles from our collection are a relic of Sir John Franklin's Arctic expedition of 1845-48.


Under the mistletoe~
The Christmas lights are on in Perseus! 
With about a month to go, here's my brief seasonal gift guide for the budding astronomer
It’s officially Nutcracker season! 
The Charlotte Christmas Village is open every day except for Mondays. The hours Tuesdays and Wednesdays are 11 a.m. - 7 p.m., Thursdays, Fridays and Saturdays 11 a.m. - 9 p.m. and Sundays 11 a.m. - 6 p.m. 
And so the feasting ended. And with it, my eighth and final Christmas dinner at St John's, Oxford. Needless to say I'm experiencing quite a few emotions right now. 
Just 2 weeks until our 
This Wednesday 
Fantastic performance, just great! 

We went down to the German Christmas Market with Reema 

Special thanks 
Marlow Christmas Market this Saturday Loads of great local artisan food & craft producers We'll have Cygnet, Bucks Blue, Cygnet Bites & some lovely artisan guest cheeses So pop along & grab yourself a Marlow Christmas Cheeseboard & loads of great local produce for Christmas
We think someone told Ivy Head Office about our plans for a "MyMarlow Best Christmas Window Display" award. It's a bold effort 
Happy December, everyone! It's your last day to book and pay for your SU Christmas Dinner. Check out the menu for more info. 
Fancy a festive treat? Our SU Christmas Dinners are incredible. Make sure yours is booked and paid for by TOMORROW! Check out the menu for more info. 
currently watching 
Dear followers,
Happy Christmas 1st! 
 "It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas...!" 

We're getting all Christmassy 
I am HEREEE! Are you?! 
This year we had an estimated 140,000 people attend all the free events that took place as part of 
Happy Fri-YAY from HPU Admissions! It's finally December, and we are so excited for the Holiday season! Come visit campus while the decorations are still up! 
Catch me on stage today at 
On the 3rd day of Christmas 
On the 2nd day of Christmas 
On the 1st day of Christmas 
Forget the 
Birds of a Feather are to do another Christmas special this year 
Buddy is now Buddy the Elf! 
Very festive Exeter Christmas Market- 
Exeter Christmas Fayre later this afternoon- time to try and feel festive! 
Welcome to December! 
It's definitely the 1st December!
 - do you know the best places to buy Christmas decorations locally? 
Could you help spread a little Christmas cheer? 
Today has been INCREDIBLE - thank you so much if you came to our gorgeous little Christmas market.. Launceston we love you 
Nearly ready 
Love the 
Yea I can sing the tunes  now it's Christmas 
LET'S DO THIS 
Over 70% of our Sunday Cinema tickets are now SOLD! Be sure to grab your tickets now to avoid missing out on festive family. 
Thanks to our lovely Xmas elves 
Get into the festive spirit this Sunday at our 
It’s feeling very festive outside the Roman Baths entrance thanks to the beautiful Christmas tree!
Enjoying a mulled wine at Bristol Xmas market with 
You are officially invited to 
There's still time to book your office 
The annual Christmas Tree went up in St. Peter's Square early this morning! It came all the way from Poland!
Come and join us at Carols on the Square! An incredible, festive atmosphere all around 
Feeling festive yet? 
1st December = 
The Craft Village transforms into a Winter Wonderland with the Christmas lights switch on this Saturday 
 Local businesses share in the Christmas spirit around Derry~Londonderry and Strabane with the exciting 12 days of Christmas campaign! 
With only a month to go before Santa sets off with his reindeers Derry~Londonderry has a festive weekend in store with a Festive Fair in 
With only a month to go before Santa sets off with his reindeers Derry~Londonderry has a festive weekend in store with a Festive Fair in Creggan Countrypark on Saturday and the The Everglades Hotel Christmas Craft fair on Sunday 
Festive scenes last night at the Derry~Londonderry Christmas Light Switch On 
Join us for our Christmas event , this Thurs Nov 23rd, 5 to 7 pm. Seasonal treats, 10% off & enter our Xmas competition too 
 Join us for our Improv Comedy Christmas Party! 
There's plenty of stocking-fillers available courtesy of 
Day 2 of our Digital Advent Calendar & today Our pasta trader 'Osteria Della Pasta' want to 
DAY 1 of our Digital 
One of our mums has organised a lovely 
December belter just in time for Christmas 
Health & Wellbeing in Wintertime. Yes, do keep warm & well this December and do a little good for others at the same time...
 & Mrs Claus are chilling out at 
Meet the SWFRS safety elf who’s checking lights before putting the decs up this weekend - have you checked yours? 
Thank you to Anne & everyone that donated from Llanwern Ladies Golf Section... a wonderful generous lot. 
It’s definitely nearly Chrimbo; the advent calendar fairy otherwise known as 
All set up for 
Glasgow loves Christmas 
JUST FOR YOU  Mike 
We’re super busy in the studio but this gorgeous image of the snug in our Richmond project from the December 2017 issue of 
Advent at Hunters of Kinross 
It was a great night enjoyed by all.. Icing on the cake was walking away with an award 
Thank you for coming! We had a great morning at the Christmas Fayre!! 
Nice afternoon at the West SDA HQ in Hamilton for 
Seems like the perfect time to show the best Scottish Christmas TV ad ever 
Lots of great decorations being made in Central Hall at St Thomas' Hospital today. We can't wait to see them added to our tree 
Our Christmas Toy & Shoebox Appeal is now live and our first donations have arrived! 
We’ve still got some great spaces available...


We will be announcing our MASSIVE Christmas lineup later folks so stay tuned for some big… 
We also have a gift for you... a free 5 day pass! Any non-members are welcome to come try out our facility for 5 days just pick up your pass at reception! 
It's the first day of December which means our donation sleigh is officially open! A big thankyou to those who have already donated, we will be collecting food donations throughout December and donating to our local foodbank on the last week of term.
We are all ready & set up at Hanley Fire Station for today’s Christmas 
Start your Christmas 
Good morning it’s Day 1 Of our Christmas at Crafty Magick’s 12 days of Christmas 
 - Our annual Christmas tree sale will take place on Saturday 16 December from 9.30am – 3pm

Read - 
If you’re putting the tree 
If you’re in 
Classic Festive Friday 
Even more festive fun thanks to 
 Super Saturday... our Ladies 1st XI play at Home, 1.30pm and to finish off the day the Men's 1st XI play at 6.00pm... don't forget to join us in the bar after for the annual Xmas Jumper Social.....
When you wake up & realize it's one week today till 
Christmas card writing and Home Alone 
I love a poinsettia each Christmas 
Christmas book is back out 
Struggling for Inspiration for a table centre piece? Look no further this stylish set up is made from 
Performing with 
We can't think of a better way to celebrate the 1st of December 
Did you have fun at the 51st Annual Governor's Carolighting? Tweet us your pictures of the beautiful tree 
 it's time to start getting organised and festive 
The most glamorous ladies from our 2017 bake off collection! Tag a 
Peppermint Mochas in these cups, Rockefeller Center, SHU Christmas Tree Lighting, All I Want for Christmas is You... Its almost here!
We had a great afternoon decorating the Christmas tree at 
With only 5 Monday's until 
We've put up our first ever Christmas tree! Check out Christy-Tiana gracing the top... 
Stay tuned for lots of exciting things coming soon to 
Stay tuned for lots of exciting things coming to 
The tree is here and the lights are on!! 
With only 5 parkruns until Christmas 
Welcome to our 2017 
Happy Friday, everyone.  A little bird tells me that the Library Christmas tree is going up today.  IT IS TIME!!
Classes are busy completing their crafts to sell at the fair! Remember the fair is Tuesday 5th December, 1pm-4pm. 
Craft Club made their first Christmas craft this afternoon with Mrs Davidson & Miss Bruce. How cute are their little reindeer?! 
Here is a reminder of the Christmas Fair class timetable. The fair is Tuesday 5th December 1pm-4pm. Looking forward to seeing you there! 
Great atmosphere and turnout for the switching on of Annan Christmas 
Buying a Caring Christmas Tree 
Members of 
Looking forward to getting in the festive spirit with 
 As we're now in December here's a handy link to all the fantastic Christmas events taking place across Stirling this month... 
On the show tomorrow we've got our Christmas 
 Christmas Turnaround and Postal dates are now live! 
 These days,  and just because it is 
December is here! 
On sale from Friday!
Megan did her 1st Skydive to raise money for 
Today's the day! Join us in Coalisland from 1pm for the Lights Switch On. The man himself, Santa will illuminate the town at approximately 5.20pm. With free family fun and the 
December's properly here and it's time to get those Christmas cards
Drumroll...Welcome you to Day 1 of our advent calendar: 
Your pre-Christmas 
Indulging in some festive magic 
We will be counting down to Christmas with 24 top tips for running a cracking crowdfunding campaign 
Tomorrow the 
What's your favourite Christmas song? 
Is there any point getting a big Christmas tree when you live alone? I feel divided about this. 
Ladies!! Please DM me if you'd like to get involved with this... 
Don't forget it's 
It's beginning to look at lot
 like Christmas! 
We're so excited that we can now talk about our Christmas campaign with a reach of 5M & our VR & AR Experiences 
Christmas shopping day at 
HUGE thank you to 
It's so much fun decorating Christmas tree with your loved ones. 
It would be great if all our avid supporters will make a donation to their food bank this Christmas 
Friends who knit! Planning a Christmas gathering with pals or colleagues? Get tickets to our Merry Knitmas event with 
Do you want to learn to knit AND give to a good cause this Christmas? Come to our mass knit-a-thon at 
Who's coming to Merry Knitmas?! Did you know there's gonna be a RAFFLE?! Fab prizes up for grabs, including a shoe making kit from the wonderful 
UK adults are given £2.6bn worth of unwanted Christmas gifts every year. Don't give pointless presents
How to buy a 
We’ve got that festive feeling..
It’s been 22 years that I’ve been opening Camera boxes..... And I’m still as excited even today!! Thank you 
This pop-up 
WE ARE OPEN TODAY 
Gift Sets

This Sunday, 
All of us 
Looking to buy a Christmas 
 well represented at Navidad en el Barrio! 
It's 'bee'ginning to look a lot like Christmas here at 
Together from the Princes Trust and South Shore Fire Station having a charity car wash, monies raised went to buy Christmas presents for our patients 
No kid's Christmas list is complete without this 
Now Thanksgiving's over... 
Is this on your kid's Christmas list?

If not, it should be! 
Make your centre piece a masterpiece 
Happy 1st of December! May the advent calendars begin and the Michael Buble tunes play 
Come on, Mark! It's Chrissssssstmas!! 
: 
HO, HO, HO! It's that time of the year, babes! Our Christmas doughnuts will be available from our store tomorrow! Get a 6 pack this Christmas! 
I love my new succulents from 
Christmas at 
A great Christmas prize 
 Today's 
RETWEET if you're feeling as festive as the NINE-NINE! 
11/10. You win Christmas. 
Oo, one for our 
Vlogmas day one is now up on my MoreZoella Youtube channel 
Go check out my new DIY Christmas video featuring the 
For a Christmas party to remember, choose Issho. Our set festive menus are suitable for bookings of 9+, and for smaller groups who are all ordering from the set menu. For bookings of 15+, please contact our events team on 0113 4265005 or email events@danddleeds.com 
With the Christmas period officially started, we have launched our fabulous Christmas Set Menu 
On a day like today.. warm festive cocktails is what you need. Keep your eye out for our festivities starting from the 1st December! 
The Christmas decorations are up and ready for the festive period to commence. We have an extensive selection of menus to suit all occasions, from our festive fine dining a la carte and set lunch menus to small plates and tasting menus. View online 
Our Christmas decorations are now up! 
Our festive set menu is coming soon, from the 1st December we'll have a divine selection of dishes available to get you into the festive spirit.  (3 courses for £27 until the 22nd December) 
 Festive Afternoon Tea 
December 1st got me like... 
Tis the season
This is the cutest! Such a great festive giveaway from my favourite Twins 
I have 4 hours free in London tomorrow afternoon. What can me and 
First Christmas dinner of the season at 
 Seen our advent calendar on Instagram Stories yet? 

Make sure you check it out each day for stats, videos, photos and the chance to win a few money can’t buy prizes! 
It's Carols in the Park in Chapel Allerton this Sunday, head to Further North for a Mulled Cider and some other festive treats! 
This little 
 In the run up to 
Happy 1st of December Twitter. Tis the season to celebrate, laugh, cry and to remember the ones we have lost 
This is brilliant 
Wow! Best Christmas show in town is now a top deal too! I know I'm biased but I promise you won't regret snagging a last-minute ticket! ♫
What’s behind today’s door….? It’s a Neff Slide and Hide oven! For a chance to 
The very best makeup and skincare products to gift the beauty obsessive in your life this Xmas 
Just in time for the holidays, 
HAPPY DECEMBER EVERYONE!! 

I HOPE YOU ARE FILLED WITH THE HOLIDAY SPIRIT!! 
Get a free 
Christmas tree question. Please fill in as honestly and correctly as you can. Thank you 
On the first day of Christmas 
"We're like a family. We look out for each other on and off the court." Support our inspirational programmes this Christmas. Just 1 day left to have any donation, big or small, doubled in the 
 Check out the Festive Fortnight Advent Calendar to see what volunteering projects you can get involved in to spread some Christmas cheer 
 Celebrate Christmas in London 
Hello December! Just 24 days until Christmas! 
We’ve already started feeling those Christmas vibes! Can’t wait for the festive season to begin! 
It's McCleary the work elf! He loves bringing  festive joy 
Will be putting the Christmas Tree 
Don't get your tinsel in a twist! 
Come and join the mad folk of Bude on Christmas day! 
Parents: December is a-go, get to your battle stations!

Don't forget to ask in club to sign your little ones up to our amazing Christmas parties 
Happy socially-acceptable-putting-up-Christmas-tree day! 

Check out the decorations in 
Does Christmas come too early? In today’s 
It's finally December and the countdown to 
Time to plan a day trip. Here are four New England house museums with stunning holiday decorations: 
Loads of panto in the 
We’re very busy here at 
It's officially Christmas, or at least it's widely accepted that festivities have begun. Therefore, starting tomorrow at Cubbington Zumba, we've dusted off the old festive favourites for their annual outing. Come and join us for this lot! :) 
Dignity packs under the tree in Beverley Office, because it doesn't take much to make someones Christmas. Just dignity and respect.  
These 9 places are offering a delicious and festive Christmas afternoon tea throughout December 
The text message is 25 years old today! It said Happy Christmas 
Doing a bit of Christmas shopping this weekend? How much are you planning to spend? Maybe a bit more if you live in Wales! 
Keep up the good work 
Come and join us for our KS1 Christmas Nativity
Very impressed with the custom baubles on the 
One of our many volunteers helping us get ready for tomorrow's Christmas collection 
It's day 2 of our Toggi 12 days of Christmas Giveaway! The gift up for grabs is our gorgeous Whisby Scarf 
Head over to our Facebook page for Day 1 of our Toggi 
A wonderful afternoon watching Sinfonia play the Nutcracker ft 
We're certainly in the Festive spirit 
Well as its December 1st tomorrow we thought this might put you in the 
Merry everything! 
Last night’s OMAzing 
What a show, what a start to the 
Traditional 
We have a great offer for you with 
Great weekend 
Break a leg to the fantastic cast of our biggest EVER pantomime! Peter Pan at the Grand Opera House opens today! 
A reminder that our Christmas Market is taking place tomorrow 
It's only 4 weeks today until Christmas! 
Don't forget to pop down to our monthly SHOP this 
 Getting into the Christmas spirit at our lights switch-on with a little help from Denis Irwin, local primary school pupils and 
Continuing the weekend binge watch of 
TONIGHT’s the night!! I hope you’re ready to tweet with me during 
I’m about to lay down and watch Christmas Movies on the 
PERFORMER ANNOUNCEMENT! Cheesecake extraordinaire Harlow Kitty!
December 21st at 
London before snow: "we shall not flinch in this fight against fascism"
London after snow: "OMG SNOW 
First Saturday in December can mean only one thing... it's time to decorate the tree! 
Happy December everyone! 
December has arrived! 
G enjoyed his breakfast this morning! Anyone else cracked open their 
 Christmas Gifs. 
Christmas time is almost here, so we've pulled in Santa Baby to spread some Iconic cheer! Not just 1, not just 2, we have 12 festive offers to see you through! 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
All set up at Carmel College Christmas Fayre. Come find us for perfect Christmas gifts 
We have the first of our Christmas market stalls tonight at Carmel College, Darlington from 6.30pm. We look forward to seeing you there 
This is what we're wishing for under our 
12 Deals of Christmas
hARTlem x All Harlem Present: Christmas In Harlem Toy Drive
Yule love what we've planned for
 Festive Feasting, Greek Gifting 
Tonight at 
We're delighted to be a part of 
Our bangle and bead set will make a loved one smile this Christmas. 
Find the perfect gift this Christmas! Browse our range of festive items in-store & online: 
 to last weekend’s festive fun day out taking part in the 
We're so excited that we can now talk about our Christmas campaign with a reach of 5M & our VR & AR Experiences 
Deck the halls with Virtual Reality 
Christmas shopping day at 
HUGE thank you to 
It's that time of year....Festive Foodie Friday is back! On Friday 8th December we will be on the lawn enjoying 
Brilliant night spent with amazing people @ Milford's Xmas party
Aww, they've grown so much in a year! 
 Have fun with us this Christmas and create your very own Wonderbauble. Give it a try! 
We have FREE hot chocolate every weekend in December to keep you cosy while you choose your 
Wondering how many baubles & lights you need for your 
 Lovely 
Looking good boys! 
We’re counting down to Xmas with a 
Christmas is just around the corner, and it won't be long before we close for the holidays from the 18th of December.  
"Can you believe that 4 weeks today it will be Christmas Eve! 
Great to finally get the win today! Super effort by the boys against a tough 
Don't forget we have the Christmas 


Just 7 days to go until the Legends Christmas Lunch, sponsored by the 


The Legends Christmas Lunch is almost here..

Very limited places are still available for the event, which is sponsored by 
 Grab a unique personalised gift for a Latics fan this Christmas!

Full range 
Come one, come all to Library Square for the Christmas tree light switch on! 
Happy December 1st! Don't forget, our Christmas lights switch on is happening at 4pm in Library Square today! 
 Join us in Library Square at 4pm tomorrow for the annual switch on of the Christmas tree lights! 
First Christmas dinner about to be consumed before we wave a friend off to Australia next week. Turkey and ham, I am. 
Good morning, December! Can we do the Christmas thing now without people telling us off?! 
Christmas markets 
Never too old for an advent calendar! 
I love December 
 fab atmosphere in store today with the marching band and 
Nice little treat for a Sunday afternoon 
On the second day of December, my true love sent to me....Claire and daughter Bree 
My feature on 
It’s that time of year again...Writing about Christmas parties and how to survive them 
PCSO’s Kopczyk and Flanagan with Father Christmas at the start of the Ho Ho Helsby Festive parade. 
PG Ged Gigg opened the 3rd Christmas tree festival at St Chads Church Farndon - a real honour! All the trees are original and amazing 
Join us for our Christmas Social on 12th December - mince pies, wine and general merriment! You won’t want to miss it 
UPCOMING BEFORE 
Is it too early to feel festive? Second year dancers don't think so!
CHRISTMAS COUNTDOWN!! 
Retro gift stall all set up, here til 3pm folks 
If this doesn’t put you in the Christmas spirit we don’t know what will! 
Why go organic this Christmas? Guy Watson from 
!!!TODAY + TOMORROW!!!
 please play 
Listen to our new Christmas Song, “Christmas Without You” featured on A Very ROC Christmas, out now! 
A 25-metre Christmas tree from 
Christmas tree from 
Today is the day: it's 1 December, which means our beautiful 
Couple 
Super cute festive needle felted decorations at White Stuff 
It is still not too late! 
Thrilled to be joining the very lovely 
*singing* "Alllll I Want For Christmas Issssss Yoooooooooooouuuuuuuuuu!"

Happy 1st of December everyone! 
December What's On in the Cairngorms out now. 
Plan your festivities and where to catch Santa! 
Really looking forward to this weekends 
We are watching the stall holders setting up now. Looks like it's going to be a fun evening at 
Join us this weekend 
Swing by the Bandstand this weekend, we have Christmas classics to chilled out favourites from a host of talented musicians. 
"Deck the Halls" from A CELLO CHRISTMAS 
It’s time for some Holiday music! 
Whenever I see a stream with Christmas decorations I just hear in my head... 

ITS BEGINNING TO LOOK A LOT LIKE CHRISTMASSSS 
 milla_hip julian_hip 
Even scout elves count down to Christmas 
Did you know that eCommerce is expected to climb 15.8% this holiday season?! Ensure your 
The winner of our Day 1 giveaway of 
 $750 Christmas Giveaway 
Add some 
 HOLIDAY CONTEST: RT for chance to win: 2 Club Bell to 
It's Day 1 of our 
Feels like Christmas at 
Thank you for a sold out event tonight, to everyone who wasn't able to book a seat tonight, we will be painting Joy next week, so come join us 
Can you beat this CHRISTMAS TREE WITH A MODEL TRAIN RUNNING AROUND IT?! 
The top 10 Christmas
There's live music, a master magician and Old Saint Nick himself at the Whitnash Christmas lights switch on today at the Plough & Harrow pub from 4pm 
Don't forget to visit the ice rink at Talisman Square today ahead of the Town Centre lights switch on at 5.30pm tonight! 
There's live music, a master magician and Old Saint Nick himself at the Whitnash Christmas lights switch on tomorrow at the Plough & Harrow pub from 4pm 
There's live music, a master magician and Old Saint Nick himself at the Whitnash Christmas lights switch on next Sunday at the Plough & Harrow pub from 4pm 
 It’s the most wonderful time of the year, so remember your business cards and let’s reflect on a great year of networking - Festive Networking will take place on 5th December, 6-8:30pm at 
 “The first day of devolution, my Mayor said to me...” 

The 12 Nays of Devolution from the Women’s Leadership Group 

Happy Christmas LCR! 


 Introducing a festive treat from ourselves! The 12 Nays of Devolution. We've been told NO, NO, and NO again from 
 from yesterday's matinee show 
It's officially the 
Ok it's official... feeling festive! 
It's going to be a bit of a squeeze for the next few weeks... but it's worth it! CHRISTMAS TREE 
HOLIDAY RAFFLE!!
ICYMI: On the second day of 
Can’t wait for this festive celebration of music at 
Loved it!! A brilliant day once again.  Full of cakes, buns,beer,snakes,mice,pets,
flowers,beauty,books & Christmas decorations! Please do shop local 
Manchester, we’re ready for you!! 
Some important festive information from 
A shout out for our friends at 
ITS CHRISTMAS!!
It's (almost) Christmas! 
So ready for 
 Day2: Can’t wait for our sell-out Handel Messiah tonight at 
Lovely way to kickstart Christmas 
Only 25 sleeps 'til the most exciting day of the year! Get your gifts in Bromley town centre, our retailers and restaurants are here to welcome you with welcoming Christmas cheer. 
Colin Birchall, Retail Sales & Marketing Consultant, and regular to Bromley has written an interesting article on why bricks and mortar shopping is better this Christmas. Read more here... 
It's not too late to get that perfect advent calendar gift 
Welcome to ADVENTure Land 
Today might be 
It’s 1 December, which can only mean one thing: the return of the 
See!!! Kirsty’s got my back! Lay off me... 
This was a barrel of laughs. Worth a listen. Plus Josh recorded a Xmas story for us al. You just have to wait til Xmas to hear it 
Christmas Tree, DONE!!! 
'And lo, they came to 
 Get into the spirit of the season! See a complete list of our holiday films, concerts, & more >> 
And... It's December! 
Bastille are here to get you ready for the Holidays! 
Only 2 weeks to go 
Not available in Ireland yet but I am very excited for this gig 
'tis the season 
Thanks to all who came along to our Xmas pub quiz! £1650 raised 
Happy December Eve! 
Tis the season to for eating, drinking, dancing and being merry. 
It officially Mulled Wine season! 
We will be counting down to Christmas with 24 top tips for running a cracking crowdfunding campaign 
And it goes on!! 
Portobello Road is beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
On the 3rd day of Christmas 
On the 2nd day of Christmas 
On the 1st day of Christmas 
Forget the 
Why not head to 
I spoke to Rudolph and it's his fave Christmas treat. Mine is Bread Sauce. We're all different I guess. X 
Happi from the west bridgford school selling Christmas treats at the YouNG Christmas market
The YouNG team have landed safely back in the UK and would like to say a huge thank you for everyone involved from Slovakia for a fantastic trip and superb hospitality, see you all in December 
To help you enjoy Belton in full sparkle we’re staying open an hour later (till 5pm) every weekend up till Christmas 
bean. is. ready. 
Christmas has arrived on board 
This evening is our first Late Night Shopping event. Locally-made, handcrafted gifts will be available from Middleport Studios , 
Party time 
Have lots of festive family fun this weekend at W5! 
We are now taking Christmas bookings online! 
What are your plans on Saturday 9th December?
Get ready for Christmas!
This looks great!
Another fabulous play.. thanks 
This Christmas tree made from paper chains would definitely make any classroom door look more festive 
We have a variety of stocking fillers available to buy in our Art & Craft Shop ranging from only 50p - £3.70!!! 
Bridget's fabulous Christmas decorations are now up in the Scrapstore 
Keeping up the Christmas themed tweets! 


O N L Y  2 3  D A Y S

          
Come see us and grab some Christmas gifts 
 now open until January 7th 
It really is! 
 festivities in the office this week! The countdown is well underway 
What’s on today - Pistachio & Orange Cruffin • 
Yes.... we are going there! 
Some great festive events 
 Hi guys is it cold in Birr ?its very cold in Dublin 
• 
Just in time for Christmas.... 
Great Christmas event and Fog Lane switch on tonight. Well done to 
Show your some community some love tonight. Be a part of the festive fun from 5:30 @ St Nicholas church. There’s plenty on for all the family + afterwards we have home made mince pies + mulled wine
We're almost ready to go at 
Late Night Shopping & Choir of 1,000 Voices - Thurs 14th December
It's beginning to smell a lot like Christmas! 
 Market, Christmas Lights Switch On and Santa Parade all happening in 
 Festive reminder...
Our December specials are now ready! Make sure you get some ready for 
Filming Christmas 
What are your Top 5 Christmas Movies?


CHRISTMAS SCREENINGS 
It’s getting busy at 
Not long left to wait until you get to see the 
Happy 1 December!
This is going to be so much fun (cold, but fun!) – bring blankets, sleeping bags, snuggle up together and just feel really Christmassy 
NON-LEAGUE ONLY: We’re asking for all of you official club accounts to tweet us photos you want to feature in our Non-League Advent Calendar! Could be photos of players, fans, staff, volunteers, the ground. Anything at all (within reason...) 
Crimbo trees aren’t getting any cheaper then! 
Pinch punch first of the month! Let’s get festive people 
There's a whole lot going on 
Christmas giveaway alert!! 
If you don’t think it’s “too early” for Festive Music, here’s our DiSmas playlist. What’s missing? 
Delighted to be in Birmingham - ready to get festive! 
Deck the halls! December is here and there’s a heck of a lot of festive happenings in 
Grab some Honey from 
Hello everyone, it's time for our 
Lashings of 
 CHRISTMAS TREE IS THE WINNER! Here's ROUND 2: What's the BEST Christmas Tree Decoration?

CLOSES TOMORROW, BE QUICK! 
Want to up your game this Christmas with party starting outfits? 
NEARLY PAY DAY PEOPLE! And there's only a limited amount of FREE styling sessions left this Christmas w/ 
NEXT THURSDAY, 
The 3rd of December. How many of you are keeping away from the cold, spending the day indoors with your xmas decorations up? 
Take a look at our list of must-have fashionable treats for the perfect stocking filler this Christmas 
Rise and shine! It's Day 2 of 25 Days of AP! Get this pin set for only $12.
Christmas has come early at CSRfm...hold on tight for the big reveal on Monday! 
With the winter coming in we're looking forward to a very 
Just heard 
Tis' the season to get merry big. Catch the best new bands first at 
Last night in my new coat which definitely looks like a Christmas pudding (in a good way)
Psssst... the Christmas bandanas have landed! We have tonnes of designs & as with the bows, there's everything from the traditional to the quirky 
CONSIGNIA CHRISTMAS SHOW 
Delighted to compere the 
We now ship worldwide! Great news in time for Christmas 
Only a few Camo pairs left in all sizes, we are trying our best to get the next delivery in before Christmas 
COMING SOON : WANTED THIS WINTER 
TOMORROW!
THIS SUNDAY
We're all very pleased with our Christmas Tree this year! (especially Richard our Policy Coordinator) 
Don't forget 
We have plenty of Christmas Trees 
Festive Nails 
Merry Christmas
Shannon went crazy today
Mini Christmas market today. 
It’s the last day of November. What better way to toast the start of advent than baking this yummy Christmas Crumble Slice? Filled with festive cheer!
I feel it is now acceptable to post a Christmas recipe with a month to go! This Mincemeat Crumble Slice is made with 
Who's heading to the Light Up Tiverton event this Saturday, 2nd Dec? 
Busy setting up for the Magdalen Road Christmas Fair! 
So, a Christmas tree 
Oh Christmas tree, oh Christmas tree 
If you're getting the Sunday blues! Don't worry, our 
EXCITING NEWS - our 
Rise and shine.. IT'S CHRISTMAS!! 
Peter Pan at 
MEET IAN BEALE

The panto king 
A fun evening out to round off Heart Team Day last night and seeing the launch of 
6 WEEKS TODAY 
Stop by the tree lighting tonight in Boston at 85 Northern Ave as we sample our mini crab rolls + lobster bisque shooters and 
Just ordered my copy. You should order yours! 
Go green for BLACK FRIDAY with 25% off EVERYTHING at 
Get in the 
Problem solved! 
The best way to spread Christmas cheer is making kids smile from ear to ear. 
Check out our guys visiting with kids at the St. Mary’s children’s Christmas Party this morning! 
Gloves are in 
Excited for our annual Christmas tree lighting! 
Now this is our kind of advent calendar! 
Tomorrow is also our annual Hoopy Holidays game! Come out to Goldfarb for free t-shirts, hot cocoa bar, cookies, and opportunities to win all kinds of prizes! 
Christmas came early for the CRU!      
‘Tis the season for the book tree! 
Celebrate the holiday season at 
Two thumbs up for a beautiful 
Hard not to smile when you're listening to The Beach Boys sing Christmas tunes! 
Hooyah! Great to have the 
 The Man Who Invented Christmas, the story of how Dickens wrote A Christmas Carol in only six… 
The holidays are approaching!! For you we have these beautiful filled handmade hand painted 
Opening night is TONIGHT at 
Excited to be back 
The calm before the Bury St Edmunds 
SVB helped light up the 
Make it Magical this Christmas with 
Please get involved in this amazing appeal at the 
6 fantastic Christmas Markets coming to a place near you!
Crafts, groceries, jewellery, clothing, delicious street food, entertainment, mulled wine and plenty of festive cheer! 
Haverhill Christmas late night shopping night 
Today is World Aids Day. A day to remember those lost too soon, to raise awareness and to fight the stigma around AIDS. Here at TWW we’re wearing our red ribbons with pride, and so is our Christmas Tree 
Love the holiday season in 
Venturing out for some holiday shopping this wknd? Don't forget about ATP's gift cards, perfect for the arts & culture lover in your life!
HAPPY OPENING to 
 December 3rd - Breast Dressed Christmas Tree 
Beautiful 
Toy Mountain 
Looks like a stunning start to the 
31 DAYS UNTIL CHRISTMAS. 
Was worth being until stupid o’clock to see my son’s reaction this morning 
December the 1st, Christmas has started and there is only one thing I’m driving to work listening to! 
Take it away Micky lad 
A 2018 manifesto for all schools.

If You Could Choose Any Christmas 
Come along tomorrow for this gorgeous event to get you feeling warm and Christmassy! 
That’s our tap/jazz piece choreographed for the show 
Had such a great time hosting the 
: We are filming in 
Some important times for your perusal! 
1 tree done!
Did someone mention 
Oh What Fun! For today's 
Get your house tip-top ready for those Christmas guests - for a chance to 
Day 3 of Percy & Penny's journey through The Harvey Centre! 
 Day 3 of 
The Plymouth Christmas Market is looking great this year! 
Not long till our annual Christmas Fayre this weekend, and the Hall is looking beautiful! Tickets available online and on the door!
Check out our new blog post to find out what’s happening in and around 
24 sleeps til Christmas!
It may be cold in Walford, but this will warm your heart...
The festive season gets underway this week with 
When it comes to Christmas @Beamish_Musuem pull out all the stops 
Kids will love riding a magical steam train to Santa’s Grotto at 
If you're following the Snowflake Trail, don't forget to head to 
Spread some festive cheer and 
'We hosted the first 
Plymouth’s Waterfront is sprinkling a little extra magic this Christmas! 
No birds were harmed in the making of this wreath 
Nope mine has been up since last weekend 25th Nov, kids love it 
 POLL TIME! Is it too early to be putting up the Christmas tree? 
Already prepping for our next antiques fair ⭐︎ Sunday 10th December at the 
Young Spireites Christmas Party! 
The staff at Chatelherault ready and waiting at the Lassies' Shop and Supper Night. Open 5:00pm-9:00pm tonight 
Happy 1st December, remember to check out our online 
 Day 3 of our countdown to Christmas 
Getting in the spirit 
 Day 2 of our countdown to Christmas 
  Day 1 of our countdown to Christmas 
Guess what comes out Nov 22nd... It's the 
It’s that time of year 
Here we go, this is 
Christmas is finally here - we had our first 
FAST5 ADVENT CALENDAR 
No-one ever really needs a reason to enter the glorious world of 
18 days into the Giving Tree at 
 FAST5 ADVENT CALENDER 
Following the Sydenham Assembly we are pleased to present our free Christmas Show with 
  Visit 
 tomorrow 
Henry Yates Thompson built the Palm House for "the benefit of the people of Liverpool" by buying your Christmas tree from us you are helping to ensure it will remain open & free to access, plus enable us to continue providing free or heavily subsidised events. Thank you 
Christmas trees on sale from 10.30am until 4pm tomorrow and Sunday (when we also have a free Sunday concert from 2pm til 4pm with refreshments on sale)
Look what has arrived! Christmas trees on sale from your Palm House 
Fancy a free festive treat this weekend? Come along to our 
Tomorrow it’s the penultimate 
Come celebrate 
My clothes are getting more and more Christmasy by the day... 
Watching The Holiday. So regretting not buying a bottle of Baileys today. 
Know your worth! This Friday morning motivational message comes courtesy of the gorgeous Gemma from 
 This aint your average Twelve Days of Christmas... "On the twelfth day of Gitmas, the kraken sent to meeee..." 
Bring on December, Christmas and the winter season
Christmas Gifts
It’s December & we’re feeling the holiday spirit (aka vodka) 
Take our quiz and find out which era you should look to for some festive inspiration! 
Tudors waited until New Year’s Day before dishing out Christmas presents
Our medieval ancestors didn't decorate their homes until Christmas Eve 

As for modern Britain, most us will turn our Christmas lights on today! 
Feeling festive 
Serving up gnocchi and holiday cheer 
Serving up gnocchi and cheer 
December 1st 
Just under a month to go until our Christmas Special at the Camp and Furnace. Who are you most looking forward to seeing? 
Can’t wait for Christmas 
Purchase select mattress sets & get a FREE adjustable base OR choose to gift a FREE mattress to a loved one. 

56 % Off on This Christmas Favourite! 
For the 4th consecutive year, Team Famous was proud to take part in The 
Starting off 12 Days of Christmas 
Christmas Celebration tickets are on sale now! 
Getting festive 
Do you have a favourite 
Remember to ‘come as you please’ to school tomorrow.

We’ll be accepting £1 donations to support our Christmas Fair 
Happy December ! It’s the start of 
After finishing 
Tonight’s the night! 
Had to put the 
Join us in Manchester for our last bar modelling session of 2017. Special festive bar modelling problems included 
Nativity play tickets are in book bags-each family has 3. Please ignore typo errror on date- it is 2017!
Don't forget to bless your Christmas Tree! 
SNEAK PEEK: 

Next week we’ll hear from 
Final day to get your Kinda Funny Christmas card! It's November's fan mail perk on 
Peek-a-boo! RT 
Day 3 of the 
Yet again 
Cardiff has everything you need for the perfect Christmas - 
Want to WIN tickets for our Christmas Concert
Fans of 
Gingerbread macaroons today with Level 3 Apprentice Vicky, great work 
A little elf told me that LivePD was going to be riding with Sgt Leverett and K9 Flex tomorrow/Saturday for you 
We are so exited for our first annual PUP crawl through Midtown tomorrow!
You can’t miss us — 200 people and dogs with jingle bells on! 
Day 1 of our 
Happy Advent! It's that time of year again...24 days of 
I love cheesy holiday 
 has your back this 
Christmas Ball
Not too hot, not too cold. This weather is JUST RIGHT for you to come out and enjoy 
FRIDAY NIGHT: Join 
There's a very busy weekend ahead for the Garden! Know Before You GLOW to Garden Lights with handy tips for the best visit ever: 
Let's get this Christmas 
Red, Green & ready to go!
Getting ready for the Children's Christmas 
A Very Drumpf Christmas 
Sea Otter Stout launch is in full swing. Come try all 4 variants of this new brew at 
 is finally here! It's time to get 
Today's the day! The 
 comes to 
Countdown to Christmas has finally begun with 
It's the holiday season! 
TONIGHT -- *SOLD OUT* A Holiday Evening with 
Give the gift of experience this Christmas with our Track Taster Gift Voucher available now! 
Coming into work on the 1st of December like... 
So cozy 
RT..

We have our tickets 
Launching our Christmas in the Community programme this year is the 
Christmas Cards and Calendars are now FOR SALE
Ooooh yes!!! First
If anyone has any suitable pictures for our 12 Days of Christmas tweets like last year, please DM us 
Someone’s found number 1 
Seems like the perfect time to show the best Scottish Christmas TV ad ever 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
Second Christmas market tonight in as many days.
Limited number of Tix available Friday @ Noon. All proceeds from the door go to 
Son of a nut-cracker! We almost forgot that 
We say it's definitely ok to get Christmassy! 
Come and show your support in 
Get that festive feeling at 
Come on down on Sunday to the 
WANTED! Entertainment acts for an Xmas dinner at a homeless drop in 
It’s not Christmas 2017 if you don’t pretend to be Joyce Byers from Stranger Things while decorating the tree... 
December 1! 
Loved working on this! What's your favourite festive song? See if it made the list ... 
I look forward to seeing you all there! If you have any questions or answers just tweet me or contact my team 
Harvard Sailing Team sketch comedy troupe shall play-act a variety of holiday delights tonight during our eight o'clock skit programme at Nerdist! The cost for entrance is five dollars. Come!

Today at 5pm carols under 
Book your Christmas 
Fancy one of our ‘coveted bundles’ for yourself? For the chance to WIN a Festive Delights hamper simply like and RT! 
A sneak preview of a few of the things that will be for sale at our Christmas coffee morning tomorrow, 10.30 - 1.30 pm. Also will be baking, more crafts & Santa's Grotto. 
Christmas Yum! Hot Chocolate with Cream and Chocolate Sprinkles, lovely start to a frosty morning! 

Don’t worry, Mr Gingerbread Man has another two friends, go all out and treat yourself...

‘Make it a Centrestage Christmas’

*pack of three gingerbread men, 60p (go on)


This is it!!!!!! Are you ready to sing along with us Kilmarnock? 
Today we kick off our 2017 ‘Make it a Centrestage Christmas’ campaign.

Here’s a festive flavour of what we have planned this year ... join us, get involved - let’s make it special! 


Let the festive countdown begin! This year ‘Make it a Centrestage Christmas’ 
KC! Make sure you get out 12/1&2 for 
How many people can say they have engaged, consulted and involved Santa’s Elves in 
ADVENT RAFFLE
Lantern Parade well underway! 

Great turn out at joint community event in 
What a ‘sweet’ place to hide 
HO HO HO!!! Kilmarnock Lights - we're excited! 
During the month of December we will be Developing the Elf Workforce. Meet our new Christmas Interns travelling all the way from Lapland 
We have been busy putting up our 
 It’s December, and time for our 
Guys...I need your help. I'm filming with someone tomorrow and we want to go a Christmas themed video! Best idea...gets a shout out in the video! GO GO GO! 
Six of the best festive afternoon teas on offer in Glasgow 
Crowd starting to build at today's 
HAPPY CHRISTMAS 
Our MC 
Look who’s back in town ...Elliot the 
I'll be there 
It's the start of December & we're feeling all festive 
We're setup and ready to welcome our Christmas party night guests 
Merry Christmas everyone 
Dublin NW Repeal are launching our Advent Calendar to give all the reasons why 
Thanks to the fantastic team at 
With December nearly upon us, we’ve put together our 
It's almost time to turn on the lights of The Merchant Christmas Tree! Come and see us today in The Great Room at 1.30 or 3pm for a performance by the BCGC - Belfast Community Gospel Choir and enjoy complimentary mulled wine and a mince pie! 
Christmas will arrive at The Merchant this Thurs 23rd Nov! The halls will be decked & our beautiful 25ft Tree will be up. To celebrate, Belfast Community Gospel Choir will sing at 1.30 & 3pm. Join us in The Great Room for complimentary mulled wine & a mince pie!
We put up our Giftmas Tree early this year thanks to 
We are on the countdown to 
Yet to get your Christmas Tree? Why not get one from us, details in the photo! 100% of profits going to Peter McVerry Trust! 
One of our mums has organised a lovely 
Quick peek at our 'nearly Christmas
Here are our 
We're very excited to sing all of our festive tunes in Waterford on December 9th! ♫
We’ll be singing in the atrium of the lovely 
Love to see Limerick city centre alive this holiday season! 
Looking forward to the official turning on of the Christmas 
Ho, ho, ho, 
Four weeks to go
Irish 
Our exciting new outdoor show Midwinter Magic (13-17 Dec) is fast approaching 
Christmas tree cupcakes for our Christmas experience 
Holiday Posh Packaging, it’s the little things!
December 1st. A magical month  lies ahead for kids. And for some of their parents, truth to be told. 
Ready, set, BAKE! Don't miss today's Christmas baking special featuring traditional favourites and new creations from Mary Berry, Nigella Lawson, Yotam Ottolenghi, Indy Power, Donal Skehan and cover star Simon Delaney 
It’s beginning to feel like Christmas 
How striking is this little lichen found at our Ballynahone Bog Nature Reserve? With its bright red tips, the devil's matchstick has us feeling almost festive 
Love these xmas messages!!
Now December is finally here

Essential Sunday viewing 
12 days of Christmas 
Kilrea switch on today commencing 4.00pm with lights being switched on at 5.00pm.  Wrap up warm it's cold out there folks brrrr 
HO! HO! HO! Christmas lights switch on in Portrush tonight.  Entertainment commences 6.30pm with lights switched on at 7.30pm.  Wrap up warm! 
Thank you to all who braved the cold to help us add some Christmas cheer to Portstewart 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! Lights switch on today in Dungiven. Entertainment commences at 4.15pm with switch on at 5.00pm. Wrap up warm! 
Christmas lights switch on today in Portstewart commencing 4.00pm with switch on at 5.00pm  featuring a surprise special guest but wrap up warm it's festive weather! HO HO HO!
That's Ballymoney switched on. Next stop Limavady on Saturday. See you then. 
Planning has started for our annual 
Dinner date with my daughter and now it’s time for pajamas and a movie.
Watching “Home Alone 2.”
Santa will be at the track this weekend! 
Join us for the 9th Annual Charity Track and Toy Drive this weekend! 
If you’ve requested a signed book from me today and I’ve not got back to you I’m not being rude I promise I just got inundated and my phone jammed up. At the risk of a repeat if you do want a book for loved ones as a Christmas present just email info@edstafford.org 
Our own little Cindy Lou Who.
 This one is easy! 
 Let's open the 2nd door! 
 Happy Holiday Season 
We’re super excited to be welcoming 
Now THAT'S a tree! 
Very excited to see 
Thanks for a great morning at our Mount Greenwood Branch!
Yo-ho-ho! Kickin off the 
Get in touch if you would like a stall 
Ho-ho-ho Kahoot!’ers! 
New year ..new challenge. Huge discount available on our fast track course if you enrol by Dec 20th 
December starts in only a few short days and with it we would like to introduce you to a brand new Christmas classic... 
Need some FAMILY GAME IDEAS for the Holidays? 
Is it too early to mention CHRISTMAS?! 
Should 
28 sleeps to go!! Grab your 
Best thing about Christmas? - 

It's been a magical few days here at Alder Hey. Thanks to EVERYONE that made it happen and helped us kick off christmas in style 
Well that was fun 
When December hits and the season of goodwill begins... 
Get in the Christmas spirit at 
Planning a party? Why not get yourself a beer box? If you don't drink it all on the night (as if) they stay fresh for up to 7 days. Good value too!
Do your friends a favour this Christmas - give beer not socks! Gift pack of 4 x bottles in a presentation box. Just £12.00 

When everyone is on form and in the Christmas spirit... 
We love the use of our Festive Baubles at 
. . . and . . . it’s up! 
Tag someone who is definitely in the Christmas spirit... 
Don't forget to head to the end of Bath Street to find more of our wonderful chalets 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas at The Gainsborough! 
Here it is. The CHEESUS CHRIST. Turkey, sausage, cranberry, 3 cheese blend. Gravy for dipping. HAPPY CHRISTMAS 
It’s December & the tree is up! (Sometimes small, is better we think) 
The Ultimate Christmas Ball, Sat 16th December 
December 2nd 
The Ultimate Christmas Ball 3 
Its December ya'll, may your holiday season be as lit 
Xmas Bhangra 
Oh, isn't Kingston looking beautiful & festive! 
Glad we've already got our tickets sorted for 
Where’s the best place to donate Christmas presents to for children in need in 
Check out the £3 can Christmas calendar in the 
It’s Xmas decorations weekend & you need a soundtrack! 
Monday morning and I'm still humming the songs from 
 Thank you to 
The official Have A Divine Christmas t-shirts have arrived and are ready for immediate shipping! VERY LIMITED STOCK! Orders begin shipping tomorrow. Free U.S. shipping!

Do you want to support us with our event? Be part of something special in Huddersfield we all need to work together 
Our Naughty Elf made an early appearance today as we were practicing for Christmas 
Upper Mills in Slawit is opening its doors 10am-5pm tomorrow for a festive shopping experience like no other. Meet the makers behind local craft, clothes & fabrics, buy gifts, enjoy the brass band, sup on mulled wine and munch some delicious pastries:
Where do you go before you switch on 
Must be December - Christmas coffee is here! 
Get into the 
It’s the countdown to Christmas 
It's looking ever so Christmassy here at 
1st of December and we’re all trimmed up 
Not only is it 
Bargain alert!
Winter Pass for 
This Friday, time to get festive with the 
Please don’t put your 
Pleased to announce I will be singing at the Great Yarmouth Christmas Light Switch on this Friday 24th November 
Mirrorbaubles more like. Expect plenty of Christmas bangers and warming house, R&B and dancefloor classics from 11-2am tonight. FREE entry Christmas 
Our Christmas Season is GO 
Go listen to 
We have something special brewing in the lead-up to Christmas - keep an eye out on this space! 
Happy December! And we're starting off our Christmas playlist with Christmas Wrapping by the Waitresses 
TONIGHT! Catch us on the 
'Tis the season for new Fifth Harmony, Miley Cyrus & Demi Lovato holiday songs. 
The Victorian Christmas Festival takes place this weekend in St Anne’s! 
Still not got round to organising your Christmas Party? Join us this evening 5-7pm and find out more about what we are offering this year 
Imagine a city made for Christmas...
Excited there will be a presentation by 
Thank you for everyone that came along to the Brighter Futures Christmas Fayre 
Christmas Market I am ready for you! It’s proper toasty in our little barn this morning so grab a cup of mulled cider and snuggle in 
Double stranded sock blanks are perfect for knitting an identical pair of socks! You just unravel and knit the two strands or ball them up and go one at a time. I still have a handful for 
Give the perfect Christmas gift with a handmade touch!
It's never too early to listen to Christmas music. Especially when it's 
TREE ENVY
Happy December 1st! 'Tis the season to enter for a chance to win this 
Great Christmas Quiz at 
 ANNOUNCEMENT: Christmas Social on December 13th - Pub quiz, buffet, double tokens. Full details and tickets here: 
 Final event of the year will be on December 13th - expect brilliant speakers and a few Christmas treats.
Up to 100,000 people attend the APS Electric Light Parade
Now this is my kind of Christmas cracker
Here’s some holiday cheer to brighten your weekend! Watch live as the 
Nigeria have been drawn in the same group as Argentina for the fifth time in their six World Cup tournaments. 

It's like those cousins you never see but still meet up with at Christmas. 
Great fun working on the Scottish based castings for Vodafone Christmas 
Who got tickets to our Christmas party??! 
 On the third day of 
 On the second day of 
We're in 
We're looking for a musical 
The lovely ukulele players are entertaining the crowd at the second day of our Christmas Fair! Open til 8pm - come and enjoy some festive late night shopping 
Come and join us at Carols at the Cove this Saturday 2nd December. Come and be entertained by Skipton brass band, playing seasonal favourites in the awe-inspiring setting of Malham Cove. Free entry. Mulled wine and mince pies available. 
Fitting end to a great day...Carols outside Holy Trinity 
**Special Request**
Help please! 
When it comes to choosing a 
Out on 
Going to 
Get your Christmas Appeal Badges here: 
Holiday Party Shinangians with the 
Tescos advert with my daughter Poppy 
Help our market community welcome the festive season this Saturday from 5pm in the square 
Check out our Country Thunder Christmas playlist for some songs to get you in the holiday spirit!
Today is the day! Join us for the 
The Freedom Cafe are hosting a Christmas Party soon for all their customers! If you can help with any of the items below & spread some Christmas love and happiness to those in need, please pm us , we are so grateful to all who help and support us
Officially acceptable to jam out to Christmas music now.
TIDINGS
Happy Holidays
Tune in today at 2pm for an in-studio performance from 
‘Tis the Season! 
Keep the holiday cakes comin' 
Win awesome 
The first magical gift on our Advent Calendar is a beautiful 
More Gingerbread houses were competed this morning 
Holiday Tech Gifts for Kids 
Best 
The Do's and Dont's of 
The Winning CyberMonday Holiday Shopping Guide: Follow this formula & save on holiday shopping. 
The Winning CyberMonday Holiday Shopping Guide 
From tiny to teens, these 6 winners will be hit gifts this year for kids. 
What an incredible night at the Beacon with 
The Rockefeller Center tree. Happy Holidays. Xmas in this city is amazing. 
We gettin it in this Christmas 
You may not be able to fit Buddy the Elf's tree in your dorm, but here's a starting point! Holiday dorm decorating tips: 
You learn something new everyday with 
Students and staff gathered for the annual Christmas tree lighting!
Y’all, Richland Fashion Mall sure has upped their food court game for the holidays. Full bar — can I get a ho, ho, ho? // Opening weekend for A Christmas Miracle at Richland Fashion Mall at 
Beautiful! We were proud to see our long-time HUB client, Gary Amoth Trucking, haul the tree last year. Always a special story. 
Happy Holidays, Houston! 
December 1st got me like 
Tis the season!
Who’s getting decorations up today?! 
Use code MERRY to enjoy 25% off EVERYTHING! 
A top city to visit this holiday season? We couldn't have said it better ourselves, 
Last Christmas by George Michael and River by Joni Mitchell are the two best Christmas carols because they’re really just sad romantic songs that take place at Christmas. 
My craftsy friends who know 
Discover what you’ve always wanted with our 
Take a look at this fantastic Christmas cocktail recipe from 
And... it's up! We look forward to welcoming you over the festive season ahead. 
Jingle bell rock out with 
Don’t miss my friend 
I loved being a part of this! 
Celebrate the season with a different take on the holidays 
Giveaway: Do you wanna get festive with 
Get in the holiday spirit tomorrow night with the brightest event in TX, the McAllen Holiday Parade! 
District 2 commissioner 
Thank you so much for having us! We loved it! Merry Christmas!
Hey Mustangs! Start prepping
I’m so excited to be a part of 
It's a student/teacher/staff cast TONIGHT, Dec. 2 at 7 PM as they perform A Christmas Carol
The sun may be going down earlier, but it's certainly not dark in 
Who's going to 
Join us this holiday season with some tasty treats; like the Captain Crunch and Strawberry Milkshakes featured here! 
Loving our weekly library days 
 So many Sprint holiday savings under the tree 
here’s to a beautiful tree lighting
‘Tis the season.. 
‘Tis the season to be 
Keep our elephant family safe this Christmas 
Enjoy your weekend everyone 
See you in a few days 
Reminder: First Ever Holiday Tree 
Get your Christmas shopping done early, and take 10% off the ISC Cotton Tee in Adults and Kids! Use code 4WEEKS at the checkout! 
Christmas is 3 weeks from tomorrow. Order today, I’ll mail tomorrow. 
Looking for the best stocking stuffer? 
The National Christmas Tree Lighting is tomorrow and that means road closures around Foggy Bottom. See Campus Advisories and plan ahead if you have to commute: 
Fact: The holidays officially start when our 
Better than any shopping mall: find your holiday gifts between now and 3:30 p.m. at the Gambier Craft Sale! 
Not to brag, but 
Sunshine in the pines ~ 
It's almost my time to shine! My lighting ceremony is on Thursday, Nov. 30 at 8 p.m. (AST). Tune-in live to WCVB Boston Channel 5, an ABC affiliate available in Atlantic Canada on cable. 
Thank you to all my American and Canadian friends, and to my family — the Campbells. Tonight was truly magical. Merry Christmas! 
I'm so excited to have my friends from Nova Scotia here in Boston! Check out this album for a sneak peak of day-one festivities: 
Good morning, Boston! Are you ready for tomorrrow? I’m so excited! 
Chipmas hoodies available to order from 7pm tomorrow! 
Excited to reveal my Christmas merch tonight! Hope you’re ready, I know I am. 
Yesterday we placed our Holiday Package on sale which features 5 Dugout Box Ticket Vouchers, Water Bottle and Shuckers hat! We will even take of the gift-wrapping for you!
 It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas at the Zoo
IT IS DECEMBER 
Going to look at the tree at Rockerfeller Center!! Christmas season is here
Fancy a discount off 
Thank you to everyone who took part in our 
Join us tomorrow at 9:30 with 
The Iowa's governor's mansion is ready to celebrate the holidays! 
Come out and see 
Why big brands need to invest in sponsored video campaigns with influential partners and publishers - and not just upload their Christmas TV ads online 
Pop in and join us on this fabulous Xmas shopping event 
 Happy 1st December! 
Look at 
Omg one trip to B&M for Xmas lights has got me so excited for Christmas 
Tis the season! 
Enjoy the simple things in life this Christmas and eternalise your love with engravable Love Bridge bracelets 
We’re counting down the 
 12 days of Christmas will never be the same again! 
 for the holidays & gear up your tree with 
Beauty treats are the best treats - take a spin on your 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
Our first Christmas tree is up! Sneak peek at the goodies decorating Team 
Pics from our Famous Christmas party last night
The road is closed, the rain has stopped and Christmas is coming - get yourselves down o the Barnet Xmas Fayre 
It’s that time of year again 
December got me like ...... 
It’s that time of year!!!!
happy december 1st 
The Sheila Divine 
Mince Pie & chicken soup for breakfast! 
‘Tis the season to ramble. 
Save the date! Our 7th Annual Holiday Ho-Down is happening December 6th. 
Working on a little 
On the 2nd day of giveaways, Highlights gave to me: a Christmas Fun carry-and-play board book 
 number 2 is up! 
VLOGMAS is here!! 
1st VLOGMAS is up! 
BRB, taking a trip down Holiday Lane 
Deals to deck the halls! Save $25 when you spend $75 on holiday decor, trees, lights & more. Restrictions apply. 
Did someone say $1 socks? 
It's the 1st of December and we have a special treat for you - the Library Services Advent Calendar! 
Just in time for the Holidays, 
We are very proud to be part of the 
 making our afternoon tea & festive dreams comes true today! I mean how amazing is that tree 
  are  ready.
The sun has come out for our second Village Christmas at Prince Alfred Park in Surry Hills 
 Christmas by Candlelight: A week today at Bromley Parish Church at 6pm. Allegri Singers joined by Highfield Junior Voices for a special evening - and mince pies in the interval! 
Assuming my position at the top of the 
Break a leg to the fantastic cast of our biggest EVER pantomime! Peter Pan at the Grand Opera House opens today! 
Great stalls Scott, It was packed earlier 
As it's December 1st here's a sneak peek at a rather festive treat from 
We want to know how your Dancer body advent calendar is going !? Hashtag 
E3 ward's Christmas tree is looking fab! I wonder how our other wards are getting on 
Fab Christmas tree from our team at Bolton Diabetes Centre! 
The Dancer Body advent Calendar... out now - sign up on 
Best toy show ever ..!! 
Loving the Tipperary crystal Christmas range on tv3 this morning ..! 
Two families under one roof for the holidays - what could go wrong? 
'Tis the season - happy Xmas all. Enjoy the festivities and look after each other 
It's official - Sir Larry Gogan has officially declared Christmas 2017 
Happy TOY SHOW day! 
Thank you to all my American and Canadian friends, and to my family — the Campbells. Tonight was truly magical. Merry Christmas! 
Can your festive outfit get any sassier? 
Incoming: major Christmas party inspo! 
Retweet if you deserve to go! 
'Tis the season! Celebrating our Chinatown Park tree lighting ceremony with 
The excitement is building for this year's 'Christmas Lighting Up Ceremony' with official Dublin GAA All-star 
Spotted on Peachtree Street: Christmas! 
Great to be part of the Tax Practitioner Stewardship Group in action today. These practitioners make a huge contribution to the community- well done and thanks for all of your valuable support during 2017 
 Take a look at these beautiful trees starting from £5 in store now 
We found Stitch the Snowman at 
Tacocat closed their 
Go cashless this Christmas. 
Have a festive and fun filled weekend with Etsy Made Local. Full event info here: 
Love Christmas shopping almost as much as the big day with Etsy Made Local. Full info: 
 It's December so we can officially get excited about Christmas 
What happened when our presenters watched 
"Every year after you die you get to be revisited" 
The very best makeup and skincare products to gift the beauty obsessive in your life this Xmas 
You all made it feel like Christmas at The Grove last week! 
Yay! 
Make your centre piece a masterpiece 
Happy 1st of December! 

Time to open your advent calendar, put up the tree... and book your tickets for 
One month to go... 
When you realise there's only FIVE WEEKS until 
 
Video coming Friday. Song available TOMORROW in The Christmasaurus: The Musical Edition. 
Another fabulous play.. thanks 
IT ALL STARTS TOMORROW!! And I'm excited/ nervous (about all the editing!)/ feeling FESTIVE 
Lots happened last week, but I'm MOST excited about my Christmas Decorations Haul 
Keeping up the Christmas themed tweets! 
5 more sleeps 
OMG make this holiday casualty worthwhile by getting tickets to 
Our 2017 Christmas quiz is now available for download, primary & secondary versions available for all schools
Our yearly festive tradition, the 
 picnic in 
Well played 
25th 26th Nov The Great Wetherby Racecourse Antiques Fair 
It's so much fun decorating Christmas tree with your loved ones. 
It's beginning to look a lot like 
A reminder that our Christmas Market is taking place tomorrow 
It's only 4 weeks today until Christmas! 
Calling all Christmas shoppers! The 
Our friends 
We've joined forces with 
It's Day 2 of our 
A Christmas wonderland is being revealed tonight at 
We're lighting up this baby tonight at 9pm! 
Come down and bask in the LED glow 
The Christmas tree 
On the 
Braving the cold for a great night seeing the 
The countdown to the Church Street Christmas tree switch on this evening by the Lord Mayor 
Mondays 
Continuing the weekend binge watch of 
TONIGHT’s the night!! I hope you’re ready to tweet with me during 
Get ready for a rockin' holiday season with a new episode of 
It's finally December! 
This tiny gingerbread house is totally getting us in the mood to watch 
I think 
Stay cozy and order-in tonight, we’ll bring the festive cheer to you!
On the third day of 
It's day two of 
On the first day of 
We're so excited to be hosting another 
Our data driven conservation strategies are behind the third door on our Biosi Advent Calendar 
Global Opportunities are behind the second for in our Biosi Advent Calendar 
‘Tis the season!

We’ve received an exciting delivery at the Sir Martin Evans Building today 
Today we open the very first door on our Biosi Advent Calendar! 
Tomorrow we get to open the first door in our Biosi Advent Calendar – each day will reveal something new about the School of Biosciences at Cardiff University! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in the Sir Martin Evans Building Cafe 
Thank you! And yes to holiday season! 
Our research groups are behind the third door of our ECSCRIstmas Advent Calendar! 
Tomorrow we get to open the first door in our ECSCRIstmas Advent Calendar – each day will reveal something new about the European Cancer Stem Cell Research Institute at Cardiff University! 
We can’t wait for EDWARD SCISSORHANDS Nov 19 and then we have a great big X-MAS movie announcement! 
Christmas has arrived!
Instead of sending Christmas cards this year some of our team are collecting for 
i look forward to singing at this bonkers holiday party every year w/ these hohohos 
playing a bunch of holiday radio shows this december!!
Looking for the best stocking stuffer? 
Benny and 
The Night that Autumn Turned to Winter begins Thu 14 Dec & runs until 
There's still time to book tickets for our wonderful 
Christmas Season is here at 
Some important times for your perusal! 
Next Thursday we are hosting the Chiswick Christmas lights switch on from 4pm... don’t miss it
 are back on 16th Dec with a Christmas Carol
Want to have a stress free Christmas Day? 
Thank you it was awesome kids loved it and everyone.. Happy Holidays
Thank you to everyone that came out on a very cold evening, here is a little inside to the Chiswick Christmas 
 It’s nearly time 
And we are ready for the Chiswick Christmas 
We’re getting ready for 
*Plays Mariah’s Christmas hits* Off out dancing tonight? Perhaps some shopping (of the Christmas variety) tomorrow? Here’s what you need to know. 

 WELLY CHRISTMAS 
GUYS I’m so excited to be able to tell you I’m working with 
Brrrrrrrr!!!! What bright cold start to December ..... & just 20 days away from our next 
’s Christmas Single is out. Proceeds to 
A huge thank you to the Do Re Mi choir for holding their Christmas concerts in aid of our charity. We had a wonderful night listening to your beautiful singing. 
 - Day 2. Junior Robin Christmas party 
Come find yummy Rocky Road reindeer on our charity Christmas stall. Get there early as they will fly away fast...
A memory of my merry mongrel Christmases in our Italian-Irish-Glaswegian household 
Don’t forget it’s our Christmas Humber Bridge Farmers’ Market this Sunday 3rd Dec 9am-1pm
Out today, your 64-page special issue of The Dish, packed full of everything you need for your Christmas feast! 
Christmas Humber Bridge Farmers Market Dates:
Sunday 3rd December  9am-1pm
HELLO DECEMBER |
GET PREPPED | you never know when you’ll need an extra seat/bed for an unexpected guest. Visit 
Just 2 day lefts to DOUBLE YOUR DONATION 
Our bangle and bead set will make a loved one smile this Christmas. 
Find the perfect gift this Christmas! Browse our range of festive items in-store & online: 
Christmas Fayre! TODAY!! After school 
Got to break out the projector last night. Love being home after a long trip. 
It’s the Mayhew Christmas 
>
It was 
Our Cheadle office is a drop off point for 
This is set to be such a great event at 
We're supporting 
Wonderful carol singing from St Peter's primary school to accompany the switching on of the Hengist Christmas tree lights in Aylesford 
Day 
December is just around the corner everyone! Have you heard about the Trunki Christmas Countdown? 
Incase you missed our first post! Are you thinking about 
Revealing the 
A twinkling welcome in the Foyer today 
The countdown has begun... Happy 1st of December everybody from 
Seems like the perfect time to show the best Scottish Christmas TV ad ever 
Buy Welsh, buy local, buy Food Assembly this Christmas 
Super Cool Christmas O'nnoucement Coming Your Way!
Just a few left of our Travel Trio Holiday GIFT w PURCHASE! Orders by Noon PT ship today in time for all US delivery before Christmas! 
Take a look at our list of must-have fashionable treats for the perfect stocking filler this Christmas 
On the first day of Christmas 
 Winter Welsh 2017 Christmas 
Ooh. Looks like 
"We're like a family. We look out for each other on and off the court." Support our inspirational programmes this Christmas. Just 1 day left to have any donation, big or small, doubled in the 
Last Saturday 
My desk is ready.... 

 12 Days of Christmas | Buy your tickets to The Clash before midnight tonight & you could win this prize from 
 BOOK  for 
Thank you to Everyone for all your RT s& Fave’s . Merry Christmas 
Merry Xmas ... it’s a time of good will 
Prizes for our Virtual Ultra Challenge! 
 
Gin... we applaud you! 
Who is joining Lucja! 
We are a bit slow off the mark but i'm sure 
 Looking for some festive fun in Yorkshire? Well look no further - here's some ace activities for all the family: 
 The Friday after our annual Christmas Miracle game, 
Wonderful pic in today's #/
Treat someone special this 
Only 26 sleeps until Christmas!
Competition time! Tell us which 
City Organist Darius Battiwalla performs our weekly lunchtime organ concert, Monday 4 December, 1.05pm 
Tree-mendous day!! 
Not to be missed for a splendid Christmas 
this Saturday we'll be having a christmas party & fundraising auction! 
 Dance Grooves is so SUPER thrilled to be supporting SW Mummy at their annual Christmas Family Fun Day - TODAY... 
It's time for Episode 5 of our 
Have you got your tickets yet? Book now at 
 Day punch anyone? It’s definitely on our ‘to make’ list! 
 you need to try them Brian I've been enjoying the Christmas pudding flavoured sausages this week
Tynemouth Food Festival Winter Edition is not just fantastic food and drink, its also packed with festive family fun!  Take a sneak peak at our entertainment...
We are full of busy at Tynemouth Food Festival HQ. Lots to do before the big day, excitement is in the air! 
Go listen to 
12 Deals of Christmas
It's nearly Panto time "oh no it isn't" "oh yes it is" for a chance to WIN a Family ticket to take the kids to see Peter Pan at the 
We are all set up at 
We are all set up in the castle grounds of Bishop Auckland with our yummy macarons and making kits! Come along and treat yourself to some Christmas goodies 
Sloe Gin / Blackberry Fudge 
Festive Fudges 
Festive Fudge Treats 
It’s back !!!!
Our Christmas hampers are available to order NOW 
 4 days to go 
Merry Mango Christmas all, hope you're having a great day 
We are all set up in the Cloisters at 
We're feeling very 
What are you doing tonight? Come down to Bishop Auckland marketplace and take part in some 
The smells from scream_for_pizza are your incredible! Choices, choices, choices 
ADVENT COMPETITION DAY 3

Ready to stuff your face Fat Hippo style? 
Today we're giving away two of our special Christmas burgers so you and a burger buddy can get your Fat Hippo festive fix free! 
We're feeling pretty damn festive down at Palace Green today for 
I don’t know why but the Little Hippo Burger I had from 
Christmas feels 
We are expecting Singing Elves, Reindeer, Freshly made pies & mulled wine as well as Santa at the Heveningham Christmas Market this Sunday! 
Great tasting cans 
Piece hall been best thing to happen to Halifax in a long time!

Cool Christmas theme going on
The most Christmassy of Christmas tales, book your tickets today for A Christmas Carol 
Anyone looking to save some money on there gas and electric coming up to Christmas 
The fantastic One Voice Choir from  
 DAY 1 - £100 GIFT VOUCHER 
Excited to get festive today by checking out 
Thanks to the brilliant Sheffield  independent magazine 
The gift of 2 songs at this festive time 
Just 2 weeks until 
 check out some of the treats on offer from 
Starting to get into the festive spirit 
Now it's December, what's on your fitness Christmas wishlist? 
We're very excited to welcome lots of guests to campus today! For our College & Degree open events as well as the 
Don't forget about the 
Great to see our station buzzing with a lot of festive visitors, our 
Feeling Christmassy
The tree. At home, thanks to 
A HUGE thank you to the lovely lady who saw me struggling to carry the Christmas tree home & gave me a lift in her car. Anouschka - you are an Angel! 
If you're struggling for Christmas gift ideas this year, or looking for something that little bit different, then take a look at what we have on offer! 
December is almost upon us, but there is still time to book onto one of our fabulous party nights 
December is almost upon us, but there is still time to book onto one of our fabulous 
Visit Berkins Deli, located next to The Eagle at Barrow, where you will find lots of inspiration for your Christmas essentials, including a great selection of wines, store cupboard treats and beautifully selected hampers! 
Get into the Christmas 'spirit' this Friday evening by coming along to The Fence Gate and sampling our vast array of gins! 
Can't wait. We are coming very soon. 
Our team is getting ready to deck the halls for this holiday season! 
The Victorian Christmas Festival takes place this weekend in St Anne’s! 
Not cold enough for a coat yet, but a scarf defs means it’s December 
 Christmas nights out 
Deck the halls! Public Works crews delivered the St. Helens Plaza Square tree this afternoon! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas here 
Who likes Prosecco ? Join us Liverpool Prosecco Festival for more Fun, Food and Prosecco. An excellent gift for Christmas 
Today is World Aids Day. A day to remember those lost too soon, to raise awareness and to fight the stigma around AIDS. Here at TWW we’re wearing our red ribbons with pride, and so is our Christmas Tree 
Get yourselves down folks! 
Every child deserves a gift under the tree. - Can you afford to buy an extra gift for a child who might not receive one this Christmas?
Our branches have been bringing festive cheer this week, with our Kilcot branch helping to light up 
Now this is our kind of advent calendar! 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
It's been a very 
 is at 
Looking a picture! 

Our 
What a lovely tree guys! 
The Luxury 
I truly can’t express how thankful I am to have this amazing community & to do what I love~! Thank you all for coming to my 
Setting up my 
I'm putting up my homes Christmas decorations tomorrow~!!♪ 
Loved that I was able to tweet 
: Day Three 
: Day Two 
In case you haven't heard the news, it's official, 
These gorgeous potted Norwegian spruce are just £20.00 from our Plant Shop at Woodthorpe Grange Park, Sherwood! 
Advent starts tomorrow and this year I'm trying something different. In the excitement, it's so easy to forget the true values of Christmas so I'm planning to carry out 24 days of social action or acts of kindness to help me remember what's really important at this time of year
Been up in 
Find out all about our 
 Riders Christmas Giveaways 
Thanks to a good friend of 
Festive Giveaway
Imagine a city made for Christmas...
It's true. 
12 ideas for vegan-friendly Christmas gifts. 
9 million people intend to volunteer to help others this festive season - join in if you haven't already to spread some Christmas cheer!
The feed is getting ULTRA festive! Come and follow me: 
Today I hosted a festive brunch for these gorgeous ladies in collaboration with 
IIIIIIT’S CHRISTMAAAAAAAASS 
The annual Christmas Tree went up in St. Peter's Square early this morning! It came all the way from Poland!
The countdown is on 
Everyone is welcome to join us tomorrow at the Mundella Christmas Fayre: 12 - 2pm 
Sneak peek...
Cliff’s Mistletoe & Wine on the radio, Beirut traffic. I’m getting my Xmas ON. 
December 1! 
DO NOT BUY YOUR CHRISTMAS CARDS YET!!

We've got something very special coming very soon!

 
While anyone listens to WHAM Last Christmas 
Just had delivery of my Christmas Tree from the very helpful chaps 
The perfect gift to go with my coffee - a chocolate 
It’s December
, LAST CHANCE to gift a December holiday 
Compliments Of The Season!!!
A-cakes on Christmas cards 
The Shop 
Think you have the best decorated office on the Wirral?

Get involved for your chance to win £300 to go towards your Christmas party 
Just four more shows in Llandudno before we visit our final 2017 venue (and the home of our producers 
Get £5 off your Fresh Cut Christmas Tree...
The Big Christmas Tree Weekend, Sat 2nd & Sun 3rd December 2017 
Christmas houseplants to make your home super festive 
Christmas has arrived at Careers! 
The exclusion zone set up around Derby's Christmas tree has been removed 
Beech class have been busy this morning ... what do you think!? 
Café space is looking festive 
Is it actually possible to put Christmas decorations up without finding glitter in every room, cupboard, outhouse and wardrobe? 
It’s officially the holiday season! Celebrate with the ultimate holiday beer- Back Home Gingerbread Stout. 
New holiday beer on tap
If you’ve requested a signed book from me today and I’ve not got back to you I’m not being rude I promise I just got inundated and my phone jammed up. At the risk of a repeat if you do want a book for loved ones as a Christmas present just email info@edstafford.org 
 My poorly girl felt a whole lot better after getting her letter from you 
You only have 4 full weekends left to do your Christmas shopping! Don't panic though, we have something for everyone. Pop up for a visit, enjoy a hot chocolate and let us help sort out the Christmas presents!  We are open 10 till 4 every weekend
It’s officially December! 
Come down and join the party at our first festive Kids Club event. 
We wonder what festive treat the 
Cozy up with 
'S e a' chiad latha den Dùbhlachd a th' ann an-diugh 
 It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! Things are feeling rather festive in the office as we start to roll our some of the lovely displays for our clients. 
Dublin NW Repeal are launching our Advent Calendar to give all the reasons why 
and we're selling merch - perfect for Christmas presents! 
Number of advent calendars Basil Dog has - 2
Number of advent calendars I have - 0
And he’s not interested in sharing either 
Looking forward to presenting this very special Christmas lunch on Friday 
We absolutely LOVE our Christmas Tree... Thankyou 
Great afternoon in Southport with 
It's all about to kick off @ the 1st Big Sheep 
So we made a Christmas Single! Money donated goes to homeless charities, people who’ll have nowhere to call home this Christmas. I’m counting on my book friends to RT so that we can share this as far and wide as possible. Thanks. Let’s all make a difference this Christmas 
Now it's December, who is putting their Christmas tree up this weekend? We love all the decorations in 
Have you pre-ordered 
Make Christmas shopping easy with the Princesshay Gift Card 
NEW POST! Diaries at the Ready: Indie Christmas Shopping Events in Glasgow
This is brilliant 
Meet the 'Rye Nogg'...one of our fave new cocktails from our 
And we're open! What a beautiful day to kick off 2017's 
Looking for amazing local prezzies this Christmas? The 
Happy December from Paternoster Chop House!
All you need to know about Christmas at Butlers Wharf Chop House this year! 
Join us at this weekend's tree lighting celebrations at 
Strong, courageous, inspiring - our line of duty families continue to amaze me. We can never repay them for their sacrifice, but we promise to always honor them and their loved ones. Thank you to the 
Have a great 
We are so honoured to be hosting 
December is just around the corner & we're getting in the Christmas Spirit with a 
 should be followed by 
Could anyone spare an hour to sell some Christmas trees on Saturday? Please let us know! Thanks 
Win £100 and an *exclusive* goodie bag with our brand new festive competition 
Roughly a month from now, you’ll see the Boogie Monsters again! This fun musical event has been a HUGE HIT at 
We’re back at 
Please come and join us for some early festivities 
Join us at the BBC Good Food Show this weekend! We’ve got 2 tickets to give away. Follow & RT to win. 


Big thanks to the lovely 
Here's our very own Mrs Christmas 
It’s officially Christmas season and we’ve got the lights strung, mince pies baking and presents wrapped ready for you… 
On sale from Friday!
Fancy seeing 
Delivery schedules for orders over the Christmas and New Year period 
It's officially the festive season so you would expect nothing less from our products of the week! 
 Edinburgh 
I’m so glad you like them! I’d better share that recipe... 
Don't miss the LAST FEW DAYS of our November offer and get HIM the PERFECT GIFT this CHRISTMAS! 
Only 4 days until 
 These days,  and just because it is 
December is here! 
Feeling festive yet? 
And the countdown begins....no, no, no! We're not talking about the Christmas 
 and all the 
Deck the halls! December is here and there’s a heck of a lot of festive happenings in 
Grab some Honey from 
Our tree is looking a bit Seussian after its hibernation. 
We’re looking forward to joining 
Step back in time for our 
It's officially December! Time to start feeling 
We've rounded up some of our favourite stocking fillers for our first Christmas gift guide 
We hope you like our 
Great! Thank you! 
Feeling festive? 
We're still at our 
They're going fast so make sure you come down and get one! 
Look who came to see us...
Thank you so much for this amazing donation 
Thank you for your support everybody at 
Mission Christmas 
 Christmas Celebration Auditions 
It’s beginning to look a lot like....... 
Christmas trees as you've never seen them before! 
PLEASE SHARE 
This Wednesday 
It's not a Christmas tree 
 Have fun with us this Christmas and create your very own Wonderbauble. Give it a try! 
It's the 1st of December! Get into the Christmas mood with some of these festive treats from 
We have FREE hot chocolate every weekend in December to keep you cosy while you choose your 
Wondering how many baubles & lights you need for your 
 Lovely 
Looking good boys! 
Decked the halls 
This Christmas, why not gift someone a Scottish Wildlife Trust membership? Magazines, free access to our visitor centres, and a free gift if you sign up in our visitor centre! 
Donations needed for our 
Hi Leia Reid reporting from Keel Square where we're waiting for the light switch on!! 
 Enjoy the festive fun with friends. Go by train and save 1/3 with our 
 love all my Wilko Christmas ornaments 
Christmas Day fun sorted, thanks to 
The countdown has begun...one week to go until the lights are turned on! Help us get the 'bauble' rolling with our selfie challenge. We want to see your best bauble selfie as you go around the trail, so send us a picture with the hashtag 
And yes, we are doing the same as everyone else this weekend...... CHRISTMAS TREE 
Listened to Michael Buble Christmas on the way home - I’M IN THE MOOD!!!!!!!!!  
Here it is. The CHEESUS CHRIST. Turkey, sausage, cranberry, 3 cheese blend. Gravy for dipping. HAPPY CHRISTMAS 
It’s December & the tree is up! (Sometimes small, is better we think) 
TONIGHT!!! From 4 pm today, our stores are hosting a festive 15% OFF everything shopping event. Everything, including our real trees 
Oh What Fun! For today's 
The alternative Christmas markets on Spinningfields return tomorrow, bringing with them a whole host of festive treats from independents & local makers 
Our opening & closing times over the festive period are now available, with details of order deadlines explained. For more details see 
There’s less than a week to wait until the Garden is transformed into a 
There’s just over a week to go until the Garden’s 
Holdall’s for your Christmas weekend away  
Read our latest article for 
Having difficulty finding your perfect Christmas jumper? Take a look at our top picks - there’s something for everyone 
Christmas shopping is well underway 
It’s that time of the year again – Christmas! Our Christmas tree has been set up and, we are inviting you to donate Christmas presents for local children in need as part of the Christmas Tree Project. Drop by our East Village Welcome Office.
The lights are going down which means we can see the lights of Chewbacca! Africa Al wins the best 
Whilst shopping at The 
Gift wrapping service by 
Come and visit Santa’s Grotto at the Quick Stop Baby Shop, Bush Fair, Harlow from 3:30pm - Late night shopping & Christmas Tree Lights Up 
Only 25 sleeps 'til the most exciting day of the year! Get your gifts in Bromley town centre, our retailers and restaurants are here to welcome you with welcoming Christmas cheer. 
Colin Birchall, Retail Sales & Marketing Consultant, and regular to Bromley has written an interesting article on why bricks and mortar shopping is better this Christmas. Read more here... 
It's not too late to get that perfect advent calendar gift 
Welcome to ADVENTure Land 
Today might be 
Fab craft fair, food & music today 
This little 
Hurry up morning!!! 
Christmas Menu
hey theatre nerds...check out this frickin cool pop up that 
With 3 festive markets 
Starting the Christmas season by lighting 
Merry Christmas!

Did you know 
SNEAK PEEK: 

Next week we’ll hear from 
All your Sabb Team want for xmas is more flat floor & storage space for York Students, societies and sports teams! 

Make sure to sign their Xmas card in Your Space before its delivered to Heslington Hall! 

Lets make sure we put it firmly on the Universities agenda this xmas! 
The must-see festive film of the year, 
All your Sabbatical Officers want for xmas is more flat floor and storage space for York Students, societies and sports teams! 

Make sure to sign their xmas card in Your Space for the big cheeses at Heslington Hall! 

Lets make sure we put it firmly on the agenda
Discover the origins of A Christmas Carol and how Dickens gave birth to the Christmas we know and love today with 
We're at the Nerdy Days of Christmas craft fair at Market Square! Come check out the vendors and pick up your 
Have you seen all the Christmas lights around Victoria? Share your photos with us using the hashtag 
Young Spireites Christmas Party! 
 As a Dickensian Christmas treat we are giving you the chance to win Search and Find: Christmas Carol by 
And... it's up! We look forward to welcoming you over the festive season ahead. 
Already in the Christmas spirit?! 
Chester has been out and about on Sheffield Road this morning! Posting Young Spireites Christmas Cards and delivering flyers for the Christmas Party Ticket Deal! 
just dan being dan 
Botanically fabulous wreaths in progress any moment here with a group of very excited visitors ! Mulled wine to follow 
More festive fun wreath making today ! A lovely way to spend Sunday . The Garden & Cafe  & shop are open too 
We’re excited to be holding wreath making workshops today 
The Garden, cafe & shop are open 11-3 (except Saturdays) until Dec 15. Come for a wintry walk then warm up with a hot choc and a warming lunch at the cafe
 not long to go! 
Such a fun day 
WANTED! Entertainment acts for an Xmas dinner at a homeless drop in 
"What a fine day!" to be starting 
Looking forward to this on Sunday. Performing an Christmas Movie Mash-Up written by the wonderful 
This time next week our friends at  
 Day2: Can’t wait for our sell-out Handel Messiah tonight at 
Lovely concert with these fabulous chaps 
CONFIRMED FOR PLAYGROUND FRI 8TH: Ruth Bratt, Helen Foster, Charlotte Gittins, Susan Harrison, Briony Redman, Katy Schutte & Suki Webster! 
Charlottetown, you've got until midnight tonight to order handpies for delivery! Your holiday guests will thank you. 
Tomorrow is our Christmas party 
Tomorrow is the 
The festive spirit has arrived at the Seckford this afternoon 
And lit up 
Helping Parish Councillors - Tyrone Ripley, Peter Masson, Gary Rosewell, Stephen Hunt, John Arnold and Village Caretaker, Cliff Hansford to put up the Christmas tree.

This year's lovely tree was once again very kindly donated by Bob Friend and family.

Thank you Bob 
Christmas Truck - Titan The Big Rig will be in Lower Halstow TODAY

The Truck which will be playing from around 5:00pm

Christmas carols and the lighting up of the tree start at 6:15pm on the Green.

Collecting for 
Book lovers, 
There’s snow in the air, tomorrow is the 1st of December, and 
Learn how to make personalised 
Just 1 day to go...
Only 2 days to go until our 
Treat your doggo to their very own personalised 
Adorn your tree with personalised Christmas ornaments, available in 5 festive shapes! 
Fancy learning how to make your very own personalised 
Public service announcement in the wee man's room, just in case our six (six!!) advent calendars let us down... 
What a great list - especially for inclusion of brilliant 
Not sure what to put on top of your Christmas cake... Why not order a box of 3 of these cute little chaps £5.49 plus p&p Telephone Poppy's on 07824 705364 
Remember to come along to our Brass Band concert tonight! We're playing lots of Christmas tunes and there's going to be lots of festive treats
They look lovely Vicki. I treated myself to the brooch. Wish I had got the decs too 
Thank you.


Looking forward to the big switch on in Navenby 
Lots of fun festive events on the Lincs coast- starting tomorrow in Skegness 
How amazing would it be to get up that close and spend the day with rhinos? Well you can at 
Today has been spent catching up on accounts so I can get my self-assessment done this week... but it’s ok because tomorrow I’m having a brilliantly festive day at 
Listen out while you shop this Christmas 
Hi everyone, please share with the little ones in your lives! Irish talent at its best and it’s something really enjoyable for them this Christmas cheers x 
Thank you to all exhibitors & visitors for making Living Crafts for Christmas at 
It’s beginning to feel a lot like CHRISTMAS...in Los Angeles 
We’ve teamed up with F&F at Tesco to raise 100k with Hats with a Heart Hats to help feed people in need this Christmas. Have you chosen yours yet? 


Get Home Safe & Sound with

Festive feels tonight 
Tonight at 8pm 
Today's your last day to join 
Who’s watched 
A picture is worth 1,000 words. 
Don't miss the UP Premiere Christmas Movie, 
Don't miss special showing of 
Thank you to everyone who watched 
 great job 
It’s beginning to look a lot like 
Fact: The holidays officially start when our 
Christmas in Castlebar 
Happy XMas! 
12 Days of Xmas
Starting to feel very festive after a lovely evening with Siucra and 
Come and see me 
Get into the festive spirit and get the kids involved in making these delightful Christmas Tree Meringues. 
Not long to go now till 
THANK YOU! 
What can be more festive than a cup of Pact's Christmas blend?  Get in the festive spirit and get your hands on a bag, available now on the Pact shop! 
Who says November is to early to get into the Xmas mood? 
Had such a great time in 
You know it’s beginning to feel like Christmas when 
My eleven-yr-old tells me we are having a "winter woodland wonderland" themed 
CALLING ALL CRAP WRAPPERS...


Christmas at Colombia Road has begun! 
The first of the Christmas House concerts begin, looking a little like this 
Happy December 1st all 
And... It's December! 
Another yummy tea pic 
On my way back to 
Wrote a Christmas song. It’s pretty darn cheery. Expect it soon 
Did someone mention Christmas 
The song “It’s Time For Christmas”, is now available to download on all digital outlets, including ITunes & Spotify. Check out the official music video here 
’s song “It’s Time For Christmas”, is now available to download on all digital outlets, including ITunes & Spotify. Check out the official music video here 
It's time 
 GET SOME CHRISTMAS IN YOUR MOUTH HOLE!! We are NOW taking bookings, for our PROPER NORTHERN CHRISTMAS menu on 020 7249 7455 / bookings@jaguarshoes.com / two courses £25 / three courses £29  
 are providing a double-bill of literary delights this festive season. Catch 
Gathering treasures for tomorrow’s
This is our kind of advent! 
It's basically December, so it's time to get these Xmas sweaters in your life 
 loved your reindeer cake this afternoon
BLOGMAS DAY 2 
‘Now at last they were beginning chapter one of the Great Story no one on earth has ever read which goes on forever: in which every chapter is better than the one before’ C.S. Lewis. Join us throughout December for 
Can’t wait for Christmas 
And so it begins....
Carolyn Hughes knows how to throw a party 
Still taking orders for Christmas cupcakes too. A nice gift idea for clients, school teachers, your boss, friends or family. 
Fantastic evening at the Pamper Night at 
Getting emotional with 
Thanksgiving hasn’t even come yet and I’m ready to decorate for Christmas! 
Want access to our Holiday Open House on Monday? It's an exclusive event for My Pelicans Members but the good news is you can join My Pelicans today! Membership is FREE! Monday includes 
Best 
This Sunday, 
O Christmas Tree 
Photographing our Christmas gifts today! Don’t forget to check out the full range on our website...NOW! 
'Tis officially the season to be merry and bright! 
Happy holidays Trevs - have a good break and relax 
There's nothing like performing at the 
SHARE THE NEWS - 3 WEEKS UNTIL 
Christmas is coming 
VLOGMAS DAY 1 
HAPPY 
It’s too early and far from traditional, but here’s 
We're big fans of the amazing work 
When December hits and the season of goodwill begins... 
A guide to the best alternative 
Spreading holiday cheer! 
The countdown begins, it's finally December!
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas.. 
Wishing you & all the wonderful artists an AWESOME opening night, Jody 
Tickets still available on the door, performance starts 7:30pm - perfect way to finish off your 
It's the 1st day of December and we are so excited for our 
Sound check is underway at 
What an amazing evening in 
We’re ready!! Are you?? See you in the market square at 4.40pm and 5.30pm! 
The Club House looking beautiful all lit up this evening! 
Grab your friends and plan the perfect winter escape in The Lodge this Christmas! 
What an incredible night at the Beacon with 
Add a little sparkle to your 
Did we agree on a Christmas song? Did we ever find Jack? Find out tonight... 
We can officially start the countdown to our 
What's your favourite Christmas song? We couldn't decide on ours so had to find a compromise for the 
Currently editing the first half of the 
Don't forget to follow us on Facebook to catch an extra special live stream behind the scenes of our 
We think you're really going to like the next couple of episodes we have lined up! Including a Christmas special! 
Looking for something a little different this festive season...book our Christmas Treat Wine Dinner £55pp 19th Dec call 01962 841414 
I literally could not love this pair more. 
Drumroll...Welcome you to Day 1 of our advent calendar: 
 Road lights up as 
It’s tree picking day 
Looking for Christmas cards yet? Support THE ACTORS' BENEVOLENT FUND by finding yours here: 
Get festive with 
White Christmas is the beer to cheer this season so don't miss out on this cracker! Find it in the tap this week
Festive Dec 1 update - do not get distracted checking 
Hello December! Christmas is near… 
Head in-store this weekend and pick up a Nintendo Switch with your choice of Rayman Legends, Mario + Rabbids Kingdom Battles, or Monopoly Switch.

Spread the cost of Christmas and get all this for just £30 per month with GAME Finance! 
Take home the world's most powerful console with Forza 7, a second controller, and a 2 month Now TV pass for just £46 per month with GAME Finance.

Play now, pay later this Christmas  
You can put a price on consoles...
1TB Xbox One S – only £299.99  
500GB Xbox One S – only £229.99  
12M Xbox Live Subscription – 20% off 
But you can't put a price on a Christmas spent curled up on the sofa playing videogames 
 Our Christmas Menu is here! 
Let's celebrate all the fantastic local businesses who make 
Tomorrow we'll launch our farm safety advent calendar
The John Lewis Christmas advert is here! Who else loves 
25 days to Christmas! 
Inscribed copies of 

We went down to the German Christmas Market with Reema 

 COME ALONG TO OUR CHRISTMAS BAR CRAWL ON THE 30TH OF NOVEMBER. All proceeds going to 
LET THE COUNTDOWN TO CHRISTMAS BEGIN! 
Free Student Parent Family Christmas Party!
Not long now until FESTIVE WONDERLAND in All Saints' Square!
A huge THANK YOU to everyone who came to support our wonderful town tonight at the Lights Switch-on, All Saints Square was packed!! 
Fantastic night at 
Don't forget this years Q U I Z M A S !  
You can now download our festive timetable here: 
Animal lovers who follow us - Gladstone the treasury cat ( 
Some of our fab 
Our free craft sessions across our libraries are great ideas for school holiday fun. Check them out today 
The fairy tale fair is back! 10th December don't miss it 
This Sunday! 
We're too excited 
The Christmas tree inside our building is up already 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! The Annual NHS Regional Carol Service will take place on Wednesday 6 December 2017 at York Minster. 
Doors open at 6.30pm, with the service commencing at 7.30pm. The service is open to everyone and is free to attend. Please R/T 
Bradford Teaching Hospitals will soon be aglow with the festive spirit! Christmas trees at the entrances to Bradford Royal Infirmary & St Luke’s Hospital will be illuminated on Monday, thanks to special guests including pupils from Girlington Primary School. 
It’s  officially December in 
 Christmas highlights on 
The Countdown to Christmas begins... 

Treat your customers to a festive coffee with our range of syrups. 
Visit the 
Thanks to everyone who came out for the Lenzie lights switch on tonight 
Another wonderful evening at our Christmas Fayre 
 Diana C25s brilliant new housekeeper is behind today’s advent door! Enjoy the chocolates! 
Happy 1st of December!
Some photos from our Christmas Time at Brewery Square event from 
Welcome to the NWL advent calendar! Meet Adele, her team talk to all our lovely customers who call, tweet & Facebook us about our water & wastewater services. They all want to wish you a very Happy Christmas!

Look at what I just received in the mail!! 
Delighted to compere the 
Getting into the festive spirit 
Set up a monthly donation of £10 and we will send you a care family tartan scarf for Christmas.....or we can gift the scarf to a care experienced person. How lovely would that be? 
Megan did her 1st Skydive to raise money for 
Lovely time at this today. Wish we could have a Christmas tree here every year 
Christmas is a busy time of year, so we’re doing all we can to get you where you want to be. More info: 
After the big switch on in Barrhead yesterday, tonight it's Neilston's turn to get in the festive mood 
GPPC Christmas Fayre is in full swing until 3pm. Games, crafts, gifts, tearoom & more! Thanks to all the volunteers from our community who have made today possible & helped raise funds for our school & bring us all some Christmas Cheer too 
December 1st is finally here, the festive season is upon us 
And here are the 
 | It's day 
I have foolishly put together a 'scratch choir' to sing carols at the AWT Xmas Fayre tomorrow. We'll be getting into the festive groove from 2 pm! 
Just 3 more sleeps! Tickets available now for The Joy Of Christmas 
You can get 15% off your Bath Tour tickets with code "market15" for the duration of the 
If you’re visting the 
It’s that time of year 
Just Announced! Join us for the special
Hey, hey! We've been so busy with this, that and the other that we forgot to introduce our 
Riders please allow plenty of time to reach your classes tonight! Oxford st lights being switched on 
Just some of the things you can see on the 12 days of Christmas walk 
Nice surprise visit from the lovely Elvi 
Help support local charity 
Thrilled to be bringing In The Shadow of The Mountain to 
Go support our friends at 
Morning all & happy advent calendar day! 
December dates available 
 Available dates in 2017 
We’ve had a wonderful time at the 
Very excited to be at 
My husband enjoying all the Christmas Market has to offer! 
It's the spectacular 
NEWS: Now this is how you persuade the kids to go shopping in 
All ready to for the 
Enjoy! Lovely to see you all 
Christmas is on its way… 
Marlow Christmas Market this Saturday Loads of great local artisan food & craft producers We'll have Cygnet, Bucks Blue, Cygnet Bites & some lovely artisan guest cheeses So pop along & grab yourself a Marlow Christmas Cheeseboard & loads of great local produce for Christmas
What a fantastically festive first day at 
Its beginning to look a lot like Christmas at Farington Lodge Hotel. Who will be joining us for this years festivities? 
From the practical, to the cute and quirky - we’ve got Christmas gift ideas for all the farming family 
What's more 
Festive windows in - it’s beginning to feel a lot...! 
Don't forget you can buy a Christmas wreath created by our Floristry students at tomorrow's Course Advice day 
The countdown to Christmas is on!! 
It's starting to look a lot like Christmas...
What a great image of an epic night in 
Happy December everyone! It’s a cold one but with a dusting of snow on the car -what better way to start getting into the Christmas spirit 
We're in full swing for the holidays! "Christmas 1967" is now on display in our Great Hall. 
Stock up for 
It's cold outside, but there's always a warm welcome in 

            
            
It’s beginning to look like Christmas 
So much festive fun at our Christmas
Feeling very christmasy 
Thank you to Flo Atkins 
Christmas came early for me this year! 
We are holding a Christmas Fayre at St. David’s High School Thursday 14th December. 5.30-7.30 if anyone is interested in having a stall on the evening please get in touch with Amber on 01244 671583 
*EXCITING FESTIVE NEWS* This year's special guest for our Christmas Lights Switch On is Great British Bake Off favourite, 
Festive feel in 
Good evening, Chester 
We’re feeling the 
Join us this 
Join us for Festive Afternoon Tea 
Ready for another clue? Here it is! 
My ultimate 
Head down to 
A great day, thank you to one and all for making it so special 
We’re all set for the 
Yay, it's December! Are you ready for some Christmas-themed resources?
We've got you covered with this selection of 
December 1st has arrived
We start serving our amazing 
DON,T GET YOUR TINSEL IN A TANGLE
Aldeburgh Christmas lights - the great switch on this Saturday.  Christmas market at Jubilee Hall, demonstrations up and down the High Street, book signings at Aldeburgh Bookshop with 
 planning is a serious business! 
Anyone else hoping for a holiday to Ibiza under their tree this Christmas? 
 It's not too late to book for Christmas..... 
Get in touch to find out about our Prosecco fountains and special offers. Call us on 0117 9630 680 or visit
Christmas 
We need YOUR help to make Christmas special for a child that would have to go without any gifts this year. The giving tree has arrived
Gildersome Singers making 
This year I'm replacing the traditional chocolate 
Already started on Christmas lights and decorations. 

I love this time of year 
OKAY TWIST MY ARM. 
heads up. 
 returns feat. 
Match Dates up to Christmas. 
Thur 30th men V 
Commemorate the names of their loved ones with the 
Happy 1st of December! Here’s to a month of festivities as we celebrate all your hard work in 2017 
The WLV Christmas tree is up!
Save the Children's 
Article of the week- “Why you can always depend on the kindness of teachers”. A good story and serious point to keep us all going as we launch into the Christmas season 
The countdown to 
It's December! 
Want to 
With the first snowfall in 
We wish you all a very happy 
Don't miss our second helping of Jamie! In tomorrow's YOU magazine we have an exclusive 20-page pullout full of 
The perfect gift for everyone this 
Welcome to December!! 
Happy 1st December! Keep your eyes peeled for an exciting festive giveaway starting soon
We’re by the Christmas tree 
All wrapped up for a day of festivities around Nottingham, feeling so ready for Christmas now. Will be vlogging on my insta stories
 Wrapping up the December photo shoot for the Women of APD calendar. We wish you a wonderful Christmas season! 
The AP 
 is complete!! Say hello to our funky Christmas tree 
I don't think I have enough alcohol in the house for this game 
WHO ELSE will be shopping online for 
Holiday Season is coming!


What could be better than giving the gift of yoga for a healthy body and mind at Christmas?
 Picking out a Christmas tree is half the fun of the holidays! Share that joy & help us spread more holiday cheer! 
Make it a December to remember. Book your winter escape or your flights home for Christmas with 
Just one hour to go until 
Delivery #1
Check out the latest blog post over on the 
Festive Quiz underway!! Good luck to everyone!! 
Preparations are underway for our festive 
Egg glass, another new Christmas tree and wooden resin jewellery are our favourites at this weekend’s 
We're ready for some muletide cheer. 
I’m setting up stall 
I'll be at this lovely Christmas Fair on Sunday- come along and pick up some original handmade gifts 
Feeling festive at home today, made myself a little set of trees 
Just listed ... 
We reckon a great gift to give this Christmas is one for our flightless friends. Donate a tree to help us restore hoiho habitat for only $6 
It's all about the little things during the holidays, like a perfectly trimmed tree! 

You guys I went ALL OUT!! 
RIP C
Merry THRIFT-Mas!! 

I had lots of fun helping prepare our float with these guys tonight! It is going to be awesome! 
Just ordered my copy. You should order yours! 
LAST CHANCE! There's not long left to enter Day 2 of our Advent 
It's December tomorrow! Do you have your decorations up? We certainly do. Here's 
We can't think of a better way to celebrate the 1st of December 
The halls are decked, and we are ready for the holiday season! 
It’s officially Christmastime! 
Peppermint Mochas in these cups, Rockefeller Center, SHU Christmas Tree Lighting, All I Want for Christmas is You... Its almost here!
Introducing TCU's 2017 Christmas tree! This 42 foot tall blue spruce came all the way from Grand Rapids, Michigan, and will be officially lit on November 28 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas in Health and Social Care
A “little” holiday cheer has arrived in 
Today is the day! Nissan's Winter Wonderlights Holiday Show & Tree Lighting begins at 2 pm. Download the app and be part of the holiday show. See you at the Park! 
Celebrate the holiday spirit at Klyde Warren Park with Nissan's Winter Wonderlights Holiday Show & Tree Lighting this Saturday! The celebration culminates with a holiday show at 5:30 p.m. and the lighting of our tree at 6 p.m.! 
The National Christmas Tree Lighting is tomorrow and that means road closures around Foggy Bottom. See Campus Advisories and plan ahead if you have to commute: 
Hope everyone is enjoying this time of the year with the special people in their lives! 
To make your holiday bright, we're giving away top Indy experiences for the next 12 days. First up, win tix to 
The award-winning story that has warmed the hearts of millions since 1965 is coming to 
Ho-ho-ho Kahoot!’ers! 
We are celebrating the  
This is how we do Christmas colors. 
Come and join us at Carols on the Square! An incredible, festive atmosphere all around 
Festive Season. 
party 
Partyyy season 
Winnipeg was LIT for the 
Amazing crowd in Toronto tonight 
We’re less than a week away from 
I might be making ornaments. GRIN!!! 
'Tis the season to be dancing!
The tree lighting ceremony 
Heading down to see the Christmas Tree Lighting 
Make sure to follow along as 
The trees are here! Sales start at 12PM today - join us beside the ticket tent at 
Round your purchase to the nearest dollar until Dec 31 to support 
The 3ft fresh cut Fir trees sure decorate well!
22 DAYS BEFORE 
600 HOURS UNTIL 
It's always a pleasure to hang out with 
Getting into the spirit 
Congrats to Shreyn  you are today’s winner, come back tomorrow to see what we are giving away next 
It’s day 2 of the 12 Days of Xmas Giveaways, we are giving away an Extreme Passing Kit. 
Check back at 11 EST for hints on where to find 
The wait is over, 12 Days of Xmas Giveaways start today, we are giving away a box of 20 ALL STAR TILES. 
Check back at 12pm for more info
How do your pets handle the holidays?
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas!  
Found your Christmas present! 
 is finally here and we're literally wasting 0 time getting into the Holiday spirit with 
If you don’t think it’s “too early” for Festive Music, here’s our DiSmas playlist. What’s missing? 
Christmas is coming to 
Fri. Dec. 8 join us at the brewery for the 
 THIS! FOLLOW  ME (
Now this is my kind of tree 
 if you are ONLINE
Get ready, friends. You aren't going to want to miss any of this! 
Add some 
T'was the night before 
On a day like today.. warm festive cocktails is what you need. Keep your eye out for our festivities starting from the 1st December! 
"It’s tough for the Rock and Roll Hall of Famers to do wrong, and they deck their Christmas LP with plenty of personality." We think so too! Thanks 
The best to spread holiday cheer is to get your 
Stuff your stocking with wine aerators, mismatched earrings, spicy honey, and more—all for under $20 
Heading out for some Christmas shopping at 
 Getting near the time of year for seasonal shopping and you can support 
It's December you Holiday lovers 
P6's have been busy making Eco-friendly tree decorations by recycling old jigsaws. They will be on sale on Monday during our tree-lighting event. 
Our Tin Soldier EP is out NOW ahead of the show opening next week at 
 bring The Tin Soldier, Hans Christian Andersen’s first ever children’s story, to the Studio this December - The perfect Christmas outing for families 
LAST DAY to enter to Enter to WIN our entire 
A perfect stocking filler for your little ones! 
How To Lacrosse Day 3? Throwing 
Day 1 was Cradling, Day 2 was Scooping, and Today is Throwing. All in the 5-Day 
PUNK IPA gift packs are here. Treat your favourite punk lover to this snazzy beast for Christmas! 
Christmas at 
Local handmade Belgian chocolate and delicious 'free from' Christmas cake available at our Food Store 
‘Silent Night! Holy Night! All Is calm, all is bright…’ 
Christmas feelings
Thank you to everyone that visited our market last night 
Our annual Christmas night market is this Friday 1/12 5-9pm 
Christmas havoc. Got our 
 tomorrow 
Why go all over 
Look at all the FAB FESTIVE FUN you can have down @ the 
Can you believe it's exactly one month until Christmas day?! Make sure you pick up our December issue (out now) for a run-down of all the festive fun in Lincoln next month! 
We're so excited about Christmas in Lincoln! The festivities are kicking off this evening with the Christmas light switch-on - will you be heading along? 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas #2 here at the 
Great outfits! Hope you had fun and thanks for your support 
Amazing evening turning the Wednesbury Christmas Lights on, 
alongside some incredible people
It’s the Nettleham Christmas Market today! Cllr Giles McNeill, said: "I am delighted to be able to support such a wonderful community event with part of my Councillor Initiative Fund." 
It will take place today between 3pm & 7pm in the village. 
The Valley Christmas Village 
So excited!!! 
YAY!! We can't wait Limahl Official 
 We are running a Christmas Tree Competition 
It’s Sunday and day three of our advent calendar! 
Morning biology and Christmas fans! It’s day two of our 
Biology advent calendar 
Happy 1st of December everyone! We've made our own biology themed 
With only 4 weeks until Christmas now is the time to start dropping hints if you want a bottle of 
Feeling very Christmassy, it’s Rhian from @ourgrowing story taking over the Laura Ashley Instagram. The most exciting tradition of all has to be decorating the Christmas tree. 
We are counting down to the Christmas Fair which takes place next week - Friday 1st December.  Letters coming home on Monday but a reminder children will finish at 1.00pm 
Merge Cube for Christmas?
Coming to the Pickering Christmas light switch on later today? We'll be there to answer your Christmas tree questions, give advice on the best tree and generally helping to spread the festive cheer. Come and say hello! 
Gearing up for special guest 
 you checked out our holiday season designs yet? Click here -> 
Such a wonderful event this evening with 
Wow! Our biggest Carols Around the Tree Event ever! Thank you to everyone who joined us to hear the wonderful 
Great to see our Christmas mischief poster on the door of Croxteth library this morning! Bring the family along to Croxteth Hall on 9th December for a free story time session between 12noon-3pm - they’ll be goodies being given away as well 
Just under three weeks now until this Christmas event with 
when you get the night off 
Baby it’s warm inside . 
Join us tonight for our weekly quiz with 
This morning 
Lots of festive goodies at 
Happy December everyone! Let the magic begin..... 
 Perfect Festive 
Must be December - Christmas coffee is here! 
1) On the 3rd day of Woofmas...
Biggest giveaway ever! A Christmas on Swiss Farm! Over £150 worth. Everything you need for the perfect Christmas. For one lucky winner! All you need to do is retweet. Must be following! Good luck 
 Happy 1st December! 
Festive Football Camps| Hoin is in December for festive football fun!
 is all around 
Tons of 
Three Centuries of Virginia Christmas
LET THE COUNTDOWN TO CHRISTMAS BEGIN!
Awww grateful for the lovely Christmas gifts from our clients! 
Douglas and Fraser firs trees have invaded Long Island 
Fire up! 
Book your Christmas 
Monday Funday 
Xmas countdown 
Hi, have you missed 
New Years Eve is now sold out, but not to worry, you can celebrate with us throughout December on our Christmas Banquet Menu or leave the turkey at home at dine with us Boxing Day. Please call the restaurant to reserve 
We're getting into the holiday spirit here at Yu, or should we say.. 'liquid spirit,' our Christmas Cocktail Masterclass is now sold out, but don't worry you can shake, make and create with us again in the New Year.
Snowed in? Snow problem. Sometimes you want a quiet holiday with your nearest and dearest, and we’ve got just the 
Happy 1st December, London! Don't miss out on our delicious Christmas menus this December... 
Gingerbread macaroons today with Level 3 Apprentice Vicky, great work 
  Day 3 - when you have your tree up and this happens! 
Your have to get more in 
Never to early for a Cristmas song 
The holidays are just around the corner, celebrate with our Ultimate Holiday Playlist!
Next week we have loads of exciting things coming up so keep an eye on our social media channels! 
The best thing about the holidays is: _______ 
What a great event put on by 
December has arrived and we are getting into the Christmas spirit at Surrey Heath House with our amazing tree 
A huge thank you from the P5 team to everyone who came to Winter Pimm’s Networking, it was EPIC! Hope you got your trees home safely! 
Happy December! Current scenes in the 
You look so so cozy, Melissa! Can't wait to see you tomorrow.  
Busy, fun day outside with 
Our Xmas Tree in 
Who's putting their tree up this weekend?
Christmas Tree brownie anyone? 
“We’re feeling 
 BOOK NOW: Christmas Gift Topper Workshop 
 It's the 1st of December! 
 Happy 1st of December to all Brookes Staff across university! In the spirit of 
Your Christmas tree may play an integral role to your Christmas decor. But have you ever wondered what place trees and woodland have in British Art? Check out our research here: 
Very excited to be part of this calendar too! 
My biggest challenge during Christmas is not singing Mariah Carey’s All I Want for Christmas every time I hear it. It’s literally my favourite. 

Who's ready for Christmas tunes?! Let's ho ho go! 

Share your favourite Christmas tunes 
Nush and Two Influence kicked off the festive season today at The Simple Health Kitchen 
Brilliant to meet the lovely ladies behind 
Happy 1st of December everyone 

Who's ready for Christmas songs?! Let's ho ho go! 

If Christmas tunes aren’t your thing. Share your favourite 

 I invite you to follow 
Keep updated with Alfie the Christmas Elf's adventures at Collaboroo HQ by clicking here: 
HAPPY 1ST DECEMBER
Let the countdown begin...
 
This week our class theme focuses on robots, which some of us will dress up as for our Christmas concert 
The Downtown St. John's Christmas Parade Is A Go! 
More importantly I found the one and only 
Keep an eye out for 
Dancing at one of our favourite concerts of the year, the RCMP Janeway Christmas concert !! 
Hot chocolate patrol at Festival of Lights!
Me and James At the Bay Roberts Santa Claus Parade!
Me and Santa - I’m on the good list!
Official opening of Festival of Lights 
Amazing! Thank you! 
We’re at Hammersmith & Fulham Christmas Market today!! Come by and say hello! 
We proudly delivered yet another entertaining Christmas Switch On event in London yesterday 
Good morning and happy Saturday! Who's putting up their Christmas tree this weekend? 
It's the 1st of December. We all know what that means... 
TOMORROW! Come down to the Corona del Mar Christmas Walk 
IT'S COMPETITION TIME! 
Giveaway time (hopefully in time for Christmas)! RT + F for a chance to win. No giveaway blogs. International, as long as BD ships to you (sorry for anyone this excludes. 
By Friday, I am so ready for some R&R! This time of year is extra busy, and just to put my feet up for a moment... well, it barely happens. We’re off to the lake to celebrate an early Christmas with my hubby’s family, 
Give the gift of all-natural, cruelty-free beauty this Christmas 
Exciting news 
And... It's up! 
We hate (LOVE!!) to say it, but only 9 more Fridays till 
NOVEMBER 22 TO DECEMBER 24
11am to 9pm daily - 6pm close on December 24

5 Places to hear community Christmas concerts
The 2017 Christmas decorations are officially installed
Morning everyone and Happy 
GM wonderful day Suzi 
Last few dates available for the ultimate Christmas dining experience in our Hummingbird room 
Two thumbs up for a beautiful 
Hard not to smile when you're listening to The Beach Boys sing Christmas tunes! 
Hooyah! Great to have the 
Williams Pentre Wern enjoying their 
Take your gift wrapping skills to the next level  
New holiday gift wrap has arrived 
An Alaskan reindeer ranch on a Midwest farm. Head out to Hardy’s these holidays 
It's officially 
Grab your advent calendar, open up a door and count the days till impeachment! It’s Friday, we’re LIVE and it’s time for 
Thanks you for the sweet treats my love 
 UNBOXING ZOELLAS CHRISTMAS MYSTERY BOX! 
 HUGE HOLIDAY MYSTERY BOX GIVEAWAY! 
Last Christmas by George Michael and River by Joni Mitchell are the two best Christmas carols because they’re really just sad romantic songs that take place at Christmas. 
My craftsy friends who know 
Omg I just connected all the Christmas lights inside & outside of our house to an app that I can control from my PHONE. I can even set timers so they go on/off. WOW WHAT A TIME TO BE ALIVE. 
December 1st mood: “All I Want For Christmas Is You (Extra Festive)” 
And y’all thought Mariah was bad last year?! This is EPIC! Very me. 


O N L Y  2 3  D A Y S

          
Just in time for the Holidays, 
Surprise! So excited to give you the very first look at the new 
XMAS MERCH officially available now My G's

OKAY TWIST MY ARM. 
heads up. 
Kindness makes the day brighter 
I love the holiday season 
A “little” holiday cheer has arrived in 
To celebrate the festive period, we'll be counting down the days 'til Christmas, and posting 24 of our favourite songs for the season
Don’t forget to buy your tickets online at 
This Sunday Dec 3rd I'm playing this beautiful cinema 
December 1st got me like... 
Tis the season
 Nearly time for 
Next week Big Band favourite Guy Barker will be joined by 
Wristbands NOW AVAILABLE for collection for 
You can get 
Could you help spread a little Christmas cheer? 
It was fantastic having Vin's Vintage at our Flea Market on Sunday. Lots of fab old-style Christmas decs made us come over all festive! Roll on December 25th! 
Looking to buy a Christmas 
DO NOT go to the 
'Tis the season and holiday music is taking over playlists. 
 Take a look at these beautiful trees starting from £5 in store now 
It's the 1st of December today which means the countdown to Christmas has officially begun! Are you excited yet? 
Danny Cracknell Homeless Appeal 2017: The Tin Challenge has already begun to build! Don't forget to get your tins into us by Tuesday 12th December
The countdown to Christmas has officially started 
Looking for a team event to get the Christmas spirit going? 
We're feeling festive in the 
Thankyou to 
See!!! Kirsty’s got my back! Lay off me... 
This was a barrel of laughs. Worth a listen. Plus Josh recorded a Xmas story for us al. You just have to wait til Xmas to hear it 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas... 
Follow this handy little guide from 
The Christmas lights are on in Perseus! 
Step inside my first Christmas 
‘Tis the season. A few Bulldogs showing their holiday spirit as they enter the Benz. 
10 words you need to understand Christmas in Germany 
Interested in finding out more about our Christmas Tree Ladder and how to check it out at The Festival of Trees? Mina and Karen will be telling you Live! Tune in to 
Get your holiday shopping done early with free USA shipping on ALL Gibson gear & accessories with promo code 'MONDAYMONDAY' 
‘Ike for the Holidays’ is one of the “select shows” mentioned below. Today only: Get $5 off a ticket - and make this Cyber Monday one to remember. 
Starting the Christmas season by lighting 
Merry Christmas!

Did you know 
We hope we're part of your holiday plans! Stopping by Fortius for an appointment or workout? Check out our holiday hours so you can plan ahead. 
 We are restocked with our mini condo size Christmas trees in stock 
A huge thank you to the amazing first group this morning 
Only 2 weeks away!  We are so excited for our 4th annual Holiday Market 
Prepping for the Wreath workshop this morning 
We still have post left for our Wreath Making Workshop.  Join us either December 2 or 3 
It's the season for giving! Our annual Giving Tree enables Stamford employees to grant holiday wishes to children of families served by 
 Grab a unique personalised gift for a Latics fan this Christmas!

Full range 
The holidays are a time for giving. 
I thought this only happened to people in funny Christmas movies. 
Happy holidays 
Ugly sweater all-stars 
I had such a blast making this sweet Christmas film for Hallmark Channel USA#ChristmasInEvergreen 
Guys... I think I want to move to Evergreen 
Christmas Tree bought. Surprisingly feel quite festive. Jingle bells and such... 
RT & Follow 
The song “It’s Time For Christmas”, is now available to download on all digital outlets, including ITunes & Spotify. Check out the official music video here 
’s song “It’s Time For Christmas”, is now available to download on all digital outlets, including ITunes & Spotify. Check out the official music video here 
It's a Wonderful Flight. The 
My favorite Christmas post has just arrived.
Super gift for someone this Christmas!! 
Guitarist virtuoso 
Join us for a Christmas market spectacular in Meeting House Square as we aim to raise €50,000 for The peter McVerry Trust this Christmas. 
Folks, it’s been real. And given that it was the first 
It’s almost December and we’re feeling festive 
Change in time to Fridays child protection course now starting at 18:30 so yes you will be home in time 
Tim Vine Travels In Time Christmas Special 
You can now get your Christmas ScoobyBox for just €5 / £5 
London's Heart Breakfast team photo with our Christmas winners Elizabeth, Emma and Sophia! Lots of thoughtful gifts for all 
Rise and shine.. IT'S CHRISTMAS!! 
From December 1st you will be able to buy your Christmas Trees from us at our HQ in Cork.
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
Is it starting to feel a lot like Christmas in your house on 
A fun evening out to round off Heart Team Day last night and seeing the launch of 
6 WEEKS TODAY 
Hi all. I'm organising a  Christmas Collection for 
Dec 1
Not only is it the 1st day of play, but it's also time to bust that Christmas playlist out. What a day 
Indulging in some festive magic 
Yes some 
Buy now while you still can! 
Just 3 Friday’s till our big Christmas concert! 
Nice little treat for a Sunday afternoon 
It's the 1st of December which can only mean one thing... It's 
- 
Christmas tree done! 
Why not get the 
EXCITMENT LEVEL 1 MILLION!! My 
“Celebrate Christmas like nobody else”
Sound check is underway at 
Tis the season! 
Under 4 weeks to go until the big day ! Have you written your Christmas cards yet? 
Never leave home without your 
Some important festive information from 
Giving out these Christmas 
We’re LIVE in Central Park at Harlem Meer for caroling, ice carving and holiday cheer! 
T H E  C H R I S T M A S  P I Z Z A
Join us at this weekend's tree lighting celebrations at 
Day 1 in the Mr. Men Little Miss big Christmas giveaway is this book bundle from 
The big Mr. Men Little Miss Christmas giveaway has begun! 
The holiday season is in full swing and 
Good afternoon and welcome to Broadhurst Park where we host Liverpool Marshall Feds Reserves in the league this afternoon - 2pm KO!
Today is World Aids Day. A day to remember those lost too soon, to raise awareness and to fight the stigma around AIDS. Here at TWW we’re wearing our red ribbons with pride, and so is our Christmas Tree 
Rounding up the day with some wintery craft 
Person 1: "When you say arty, what do you mean?"
Person 2: "Y'know, bauble and a bit of bush"

Don't miss the hilarious Comedy Club 4 Kids: Christmas Cracker, full of festive fun! Sat 2 Dec, ages 6+ 
Are you putting your tree up this weekend or just relaxing? 
Today we have launched our 2017 Christmas campaign. Our three special Junior Detectives are out and about to 
See you later 
We're getting you into the 'Christmas Time' spirit with this fab new addition. Check it out!! 
Check out this amazing 
Last eve attended Light up the City. Applause West 
RT if you’re putting up a fresh 
Is it too early to mention Christmas shopping yet? Take a peek at our gift guide > 
Sing some carols, drink some hot chocolate, buy a book, eat a mini donut tomorrow at Rocky Point Park in Port Moody for 'Holiday Cheer at the Pier:' 6-8pm, Saturday, December 2nd. 
We'll be at 'Holiday Cheer at the Pier' 
Our Holiday Street Team and the 
Happy 1st of December! Now we're getting closer to the most wonderful time of the year, 
Congrats to Shreyn  you are today’s winner, come back tomorrow to see what we are giving away next 
It’s day 2 of the 12 Days of Xmas Giveaways, we are giving away an Extreme Passing Kit. 
Check back at 11 EST for hints on where to find 
The wait is over, 12 Days of Xmas Giveaways start today, we are giving away a box of 20 ALL STAR TILES. 
Check back at 12pm for more info
Get into the festive spirit with these glorious Christmas albums from 
Having a great time playing 
With the biggest sale of the year coming to an end. Be sure to shop our 1/4 Zip Tracksuit online with 50% saving just in time for Christmas 
Excited to get festive today by checking out 
Might make a nice Christmas 
Today I’m finalising music and running order for the 
These lovely ladies are our first Christmas Party of 2017! Looking forward to many more! If you haven’t booked in yet it’s not too late, we do have some dates still available! Check out the festive menu on our website 
 Tickets for the Blackpool FC Christmas Parties are now on sale! 
Ready for Christmas 
It’s starting to look a lot like Christmas
Our Light up a Life service in 
T'was the night before 
Team Merton Volunteers are getting into the Christmas spirit at Light Up Morden with 
It’s the first day of 
Humber Street 
So much festive fun at our Christmas
We’ve had a busy day at the 
Join us live at 5pm at 
Absolutely over the moon to announce our debut album goes on sale next week. We get to spend Christmas 
’s Christmas Single is out. Proceeds to 
A huge thank you to the Do Re Mi choir for holding their Christmas concerts in aid of our charity. We had a wonderful night listening to your beautiful singing. 
Count down on!!!!
The Frogg Brothers 
Fabulous to be involved this evening with 
 Christmas Gifs. 
Blackpool lights Christmas switch on 
Quick calendar delivery in Bishopton this evening before the Christmas Light switch on 
Happy 1st of December folks! 
If you haven't already, download your copy of 
Holidays are coming......great night at the Houston Christmas Lights Switch On 
When you realise Christmas is only 22 days away 
It’s amazing how much happiness & fulfilment you get from having a conversation with someone you’ve never met (in Costa about Christmas
Give someone you love the gift of laughter this Christmas
Chance to go and party with our friends 
WANTED! Entertainment acts for an Xmas dinner at a homeless drop in 
 12 Days of Christmas | Buy your tickets to The Clash before midnight tonight & you could win this prize from 
Get your Christmas Appeal Badges here: 
I’m pretty sure it’s the real Santa Claus 
It's December, which can mean only one thing. It's most certainly time for a FESTIVITY!

You can buy bottles and microcasks of our winter warmer from our Brewery Shop or online. 
Getting into the Christmas spirit, the count down begins! 
101 Things to take the stress out of Christmas - available to buy in our shop now! 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas, with this year’s beautiful tree up outside 
Andrews little helpers already getting in the Christmas spirit 
A2. Fun question! 
Following the Sydenham Assembly we are pleased to present our free Christmas Show with 
Great 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas on campus 
I’m not a huge advocate of the 
Christmas shopping? We have put together a list of our favourite gifts for children. And, they are ALL from independents! 
Father Christmas 
Lovely frest Dec morning here 
It's looking a lot like 
FREE CHRISTMAS FUN! 
Our home for the holidays 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas at The Gainsborough! 
Our Christmas 
We're rockin' around the chocolate Christmas tree 
Candy canes are the ultimate 
The countdown has begun... Happy 1st of December everybody from 
Tough decisions being made 
A cheeky little festive foodie giveaway from my audio publisher. C : ) xx 
Had a great time today helping out at Walsall PACT & Information Support Services annual Christmas party 
Candy canes are super easy to make and they look lovely hung on the 
The marvellous Amersham A Cappella performing outside the Museum this evening for the Great Missenden Village Christmas Festival 
Another bit of book promo! Get into the 
Bring all the joy into your 
We have all kinds of 
This is truly Christmas in a 
Already craving some 
 Town Hall looking very festive 
Looking forward to this on Thursday night... 
Come one, come all to Library Square for the Christmas tree light switch on! 
Happy December 1st! Don't forget, our Christmas lights switch on is happening at 4pm in Library Square today! 
 Join us in Library Square at 4pm tomorrow for the annual switch on of the Christmas tree lights! 
On the 
Getting your Christmas Tree this weekend? 
Another beautiful day, but the ground conditions are still very muddy in places and we urge our visitors to wear wellies. Please also visit our website for the latest information and advice to make the most of your day 
See you all on Thursday looking forward to set up day 
I had a wonderful time at the Fallowfield Christmas Lights switch on last night with the 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
Beautiful fun pics of Buddy 
This is our school and I couldn't be prouder. What a wonderful start to the season of advent 
Had the cutest afternoon at the 
Preparations under way for the 
 It’s our Christmas Fair on Saturday 25th November, 12-3pm 
Tonight! Big Christmas Light Switch On in Ashton-in-Makerfield 
 What a fabulous Christmas Market tonight ! Well done PTA and extended families for working so hard. Well done to all the pupils and staff too that made it a huge success.. totals revealed next week 
 had such a good helper tonight! He is ready for those silly elves on Friday morning 
 Each child will have a personalised bauble at the Christmas Market. Professional look this year £2 a bauble. They will look very Christmassy 
Our amazing choir at Victoria Park Christmas Tree Light Switch on today. Thanks also to all those who came along to support us
How fun are the red and green LP's? 
Happy first day of December!! make it a December to remember. 
Y2C decorated the Christmas tree with their beautiful angels 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in Y1H 
It's nearly Panto time "oh no it isn't" "oh yes it is" for a chance to WIN a Family ticket to take the kids to see Peter Pan at the 
Looking for a Christmas night out? Live entertainment from 
 AND THE 4 LUCKY FAMILIES WINNING ICE FESTIVAL TICKETS ARE... 
WIN A FAMILY TICKET TO LIVERPOOL ICE FESTIVAL we will be picking 4 lucky families at 8pm tonight 
RETAIL NEWS: Our Christmas opening kicks off with Sunday opening tomorrow 10am to 4pm. Happy shopping! 
Christmas shopping is well underway 
Win awesome 
Lots of lovely 
The lights are going down which means we can see the lights of Chewbacca! Africa Al wins the best 
Brilliant Brass Band here 
*WIN* 
Wow! Some Christmas 
DAY 3 
Get your house tip-top ready for those Christmas guests - for a chance to 
New WE BARE BEARS CHRISTMAS SPECIAL tonight! "THE PERFECT TREE" premieres at 7:30pm on 
We're back with 
Arctic puffins, we’re bringing Santa’s favourite films to Sheffield and Manchester very soon at 
We are so excited to be popping up at 
Turn your holiday lights off before leaving home or going to bed. 
 Thanksgiving is over, but check out these tips before you deck the halls. 
November's coming to an end (
 CHRISTMAS TREE IS THE WINNER! Here's ROUND 2: What's the BEST Christmas Tree Decoration?

CLOSES TOMORROW, BE QUICK! 
Want to up your game this Christmas with party starting outfits? 
NEARLY PAY DAY PEOPLE! And there's only a limited amount of FREE styling sessions left this Christmas w/ 
NEXT THURSDAY, 
It might not be 1 Dec yet, but the 
Not started your Christmas Shopping yet? We have gifts they will love! Discover our Christmas Gifts that are better than half price today! 
Get £10 off when you spend £80 today with The Fragrance Shop! Simply use the code: TAKE10 at checkout 
CHRISTMAS FLASH SALE! 
Take a look at our list of must-have fashionable treats for the perfect stocking filler this Christmas 
It's time to 
Do you have a specific day when you put up your 
Happy 1st December!! To celebrate we thought we'd share this with you!
Christmas flavours of our amazing Mulled wine recipe and delicious fruit crumble 
Delivery schedules for orders over the Christmas and New Year period 
It's officially the festive season so you would expect nothing less from our products of the week! 
Today is a great day to support your 
Ramridge Rainbows have been enjoying making lots of 
Look to the future now, it's only just beguuuuu-uuuu-nnnnnn-nnnn 
Kicking off December 
We're looking for a musical 
It’s time to switch on the Christmas lights, light the fire, nestle down and join us for 
A date for your diary: 1pm, Wednesday 6th December 2017, the last 
Year 7s enjoying the Xmas fayre 
Don’t forget Sixth Form Christmas 
Friday 1st December is wear something christmassy for STAFF & SIXTH FORM only to raise funds for community Christmas hamper delivery 
The Nashville tree is lit! And it’s so pretty, don’t you think? 

On the show tomorrow we've got our Christmas 
When December hits and the season of goodwill begins... 
Got my ticket to see 
Save room for dessert and come see us Friday night -- we'll be open during the Christmas Tree Walk! 
What's your favorite Christmas record that nobody else seems to know/like?
I'll start: The Smithereens' "Waking Up On Christmas Morning"

Thanks for making my Christmas Music Magic one of the most popular stations on 
This is what we're wishing for under our 
Only 4 days until 
 Hi Charles absolutely love the music it's awesome and good luck with it for children in need . It should brighten up anyone's day, well done to all of you, Charles, Charlie, Phillip and James. Merry Christmas to you all 
Started the month and my weekend well with a chocolate advent, thank you 
Don't miss our second helping of Jamie! In tomorrow's YOU magazine we have an exclusive 20-page pullout full of 
Thank you to Everyone for all your RT s& Fave’s . Merry Christmas 
Merry Xmas ... it’s a time of good will 
Too soon??

Even 
Christmas plans = sorted. 
 CHRISTMAS IS JUST AROUND THE CORNER 
Brushing up my Morris Dancing skills at Rode Hall Christmas 
Day 1 of our 
GOING HOME FOR THE HOLIDAYS? 
RT if you're listening to Christmas music during your workout today 
Here's our opening hours for the festive period! 
88 days until Christmas! 
Dreaming of a winter getaway? We're ready to pack our bags and jet off to these 
Looking for the perfect gift for a fellow beauty lover? 
It’s  officially December in 
Miller Harris 
Fellas... stuck on what to get your girl for Christmas? Message me and I'll help you put together a special collection that she will fall in love with on Christmas morning 
 Christmas highlights on 
Due to the wonderful German Christmas Market now being open, please be advised that the city is very busy, and our patrons should allow extra time to get in and out of Birmingham.
Have a wonderful week 
Xmas has begun at Casa  Wistie ;) 
Get your aprons on for these Christmas bakes! 
Hurry up morning!!! 
Oh What Fun! For today's 
Team Alex had an amazing time meeting 
Our data driven conservation strategies are behind the third door on our Biosi Advent Calendar 
Global Opportunities are behind the second for in our Biosi Advent Calendar 
‘Tis the season!

We’ve received an exciting delivery at the Sir Martin Evans Building today 
Today we open the very first door on our Biosi Advent Calendar! 
Tomorrow we get to open the first door in our Biosi Advent Calendar – each day will reveal something new about the School of Biosciences at Cardiff University! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in the Sir Martin Evans Building Cafe 
COMING SOON : WANTED THIS WINTER 
Are your Christmas decorations already up???
 is on the ball with Robert Earl 
No excuses
Reindeer Lane 2017 at Golden Elementary was a success! Our NHS members representing Etiwanda! Happy December 1st!
GIVEAWAY
Loads of festive fun to be had down at 
Monday & Tuesday is Gingerbread Open House Night at The Four Seasons! Come check out their… 
The 12th Annual Tower Lighting is happening Tuesday. 

Winter Wonderland at 
Who else is getting in the prickmas spirit?! 
December 3rd from 12:00pm - 6pm, join us at the Graceland Oaks Event Center for our 'Trim Your Tree' holiday market! 
We are officially SOLD OUT for Winter Wonderland tonight! Next week we'll be back with regular hours beginning on December 8. Thank you, Austin! 
 Wrapping up the December photo shoot for the Women of APD calendar. We wish you a wonderful Christmas season! 
The tree isn’t the only thing getting lit this year – Don’t miss COTA as it lights up with Christmas cheer this holiday season tonight 
Clearly I have already been indulging in Christmas cheer 
Killer stocking filler 
Thanks for the review Looks a great book to buy for inspiration at Christmas time 
Thanks for all the cool Christmas movie titles for me to watch!! They’re some good ones! Feel free to go through my replies if you need some Christmas movies! 
What are your favorite Christmas movies? I wanna go on a binge! 
With just under a month to the big day, 
We promised you festive pavs, so we are bringing you festive pavs
We call them our Christmas 
It's beginning to look a lot like 
Currently getting prepped for 
Save 17% on our 24x Christmas Beer Case. That will make you hoppy! 
*cough cough* 
Just 5 days to go - 5pm November 25th - lights switch on, market and fair 


Just in time for Christmas.... 
Any breweries able to support our Christmas raffle for 
Come down to the Cambusbarron Christmas Fair to see the goodies Primary 1 and 2 have made 
Happy 1st of December! May the advent calendars begin and the Michael Buble tunes play 
PERFORMERS: Reminder - meet at Albert Hall at 1.45pm in full school uniform INCLUDING BLAZER. Please remember a Christmas hat/hairband. Very excited! 
Great Christmas event and Fog Lane switch on tonight. Well done to 
Show your some community some love tonight. Be a part of the festive fun from 5:30 @ St Nicholas church. There’s plenty on for all the family + afterwards we have home made mince pies + mulled wine
Fr Xmas officially lights the tree on Chorlton Green before we burst into song! Thanks 
Before and after pics. Big thanks to Sean at the Harrogate Xmas Tree centre 
Christmas carols in the abbey at 
Our N5 retailing class are busy putting their display skills to good work today.  We didn’t tell them Ms C will redo it once they leave! 
Really enjoyed the 
It’s December and Christmas 
Feeling all Christmassy (and warm!) thanks to 
Cock-A-Hoop to have snaffled a 
Keeping up the Christmas themed tweets! 
It was so wonderful to welcome 
Christmas Gifts 
If anyone is near Clovelly on Sunday and wants to get into the 
Great to see our station buzzing with a lot of festive visitors, our 
Tonight is the last Open Mic night of semester and we're requesting Christmas tunes. 
Three more hours to donate through Crowdfunder to give a 
It’s a pleasure. Looking forward to donning the elf hat for another delivery soon
Delivery #1
The Christmas Tree is officially lit 
Looking for 
 It’s December, and time for our 
Some great Christmas present ideas... 
 NSDG event 6 Dec, Invercarse Hotel, Dundee 7pm, Christmas 
We’re all set for the 
Festive red & white cyclamen, pernettya & potted 
Our final rehearsal before our 
It’s snowing in Inverness and I can put up the 
Welcome to our 2017 
*CASH GIVEAWAY ALERT* 
Yes that's right in tomorrow's 
We’ll be singing in the atrium of the lovely 
Given the Dundee Fireworks display essentially leads us into Christmas, this seems appropriate: 
It’s Christmas Market time! 
On the third day of 
ICYMI: On the third day of 
ICYMI: On the second day of 
On the second day of 
ICYMI: On the first day of 
On the first day of 
Yay, it's December! Are you ready for some Christmas-themed resources?
We've got you covered with this selection of 
Today is the first day of ISM's 12 days of Christmas!
Watching ‘Home Alone!’ 
After finishing 
We're loving Tracy the 'Christmas' tree in the 
Christmas is coming! 
IT’S THE MOST WONDERFUL TIME OF YEAAAARRRRRR 
Played and sang along to Christmas music this afternoon...it’s officially the season to be jolly falalallaa laalalalaaaaaaa 
It's beginning to look a lot like christmas
Our December monthly 
Deck the halls this weekend with our new range of Puleo Trees! 
What a nice gesture from 
Add a splash of the Dash to your holidays! 
We've joined forces with 
Braving the cold for a great night seeing the 
The countdown to the Church Street Christmas tree switch on this evening by the Lord Mayor 
Mondays 
 you checked out our holiday season designs yet? Click here -> 
It’s up..... the festivities can begin 
Our Walton-le-Dale 
Henry Yates Thompson built the Palm House for "the benefit of the people of Liverpool" by buying your Christmas tree from us you are helping to ensure it will remain open & free to access, plus enable us to continue providing free or heavily subsidised events. Thank you 
Christmas trees on sale from 10.30am until 4pm tomorrow and Sunday (when we also have a free Sunday concert from 2pm til 4pm with refreshments on sale)
Look what has arrived! Christmas trees on sale from your Palm House 
 Victorian Christmas 
 between Keighley & 
 Christmas 
Bradford Teaching Hospitals will soon be aglow with the festive spirit! Christmas trees at the entrances to Bradford Royal Infirmary & St Luke’s Hospital will be illuminated on Monday, thanks to special guests including pupils from Girlington Primary School. 
A very merry well done to Maureen D who was randomly chosen as our competition winner! We hope you enjoy your £100 of vouchers. 
Feeling like a kid all over again with 
Light fantastic! Thanks Harry Gration from 
Who got tickets to our Christmas party??! 
Two of my favourite things 
The magic happens tonight from 6-10pm in 
Join us tomorrow for our annual tree lighting ceremony! 
 do you like my tree?
Employees Rockin’ Around the Christmas Tree Holiday Party 
A great gift idea under the 
Morning news friends dysfunctional family holiday photo! 
A nice view at work today! 
Fam time in the city. 
Out on a school night (sort of) with the 
What time is it? Voting time! Go vote for An Old Time Christmas as the Best Theme Park Holiday Event now! 
Eat your way through An Old Time Christmas festival with this handy food guide 
Follow the link to get a behind the scenes look at what went into the making of Christmas In Midtown 
Looking for new holiday recipes to add to your table this Christmas season? Head over to the blog to learn about the holiday cooking classes we have on park 
What a bright time, it's the right time to rock the night away aboard Showboat Branson Belle 
Only five days of voting remain! Vote Silver Dollar City's An Old Time Christmas festival as your favorite theme park holiday event! 
Just a little over a week of voting remains! Vote every day to help us win The Best Theme Park Holiday Event! 
Don’t miss 
Tonight! We’re making party at 
Benny and 
i like Christmas so much because of anticipation. i don't mind waiting for something good that is coming. to me, Christmas embodies hope. and, isn't that what hope is? knowing that good things are coming. 
Our neighbors’ two Joseph nativity is up & I’m beaming 
Tomorrow we'll launch our farm safety advent calendar
Dublin NW Repeal are launching our Advent Calendar to give all the reasons why 
Very telling....
The pop up holiday bar that everyone was talking about last year is back! And this year with two locations - Miracle on Monroe & Miracle Two! 
It’s day 2 of Deepdale Christmas Market. Come and see us 
For one of the cosiest evenings in London, settle in to 
Only 26 sleeps until Christmas!
Come and see me 
Hi everybody 
Seems like the perfect time to show the best Scottish Christmas TV ad ever 
Who else is looking forward to the 
Christmas party booked already?

Call into us for all your Xmas Party garment alterations. We have an Express Service if it's urgent! 
Feeling festive 
Wonderful pic in today's #/
Party season awaits... 
Get in the mood for Christmas this Saturday 
Let it snow, let it snow, let it snow! You'll have a cosy time enjoying 'A Christmas Wish' snuggled in the warmth of a festive read. 
I will tweeting & raising awareness for our SALE!!! on Christmas gift lines in our pop up 
Louise and the 
It's December 1st - that can only mean one thing! It's time for Xmas songs!


Louise's Big Poll // iWeekend 

It's a simple one this Saturday 
Yes.... we are going there! 
Some great festive events 
 Hi guys is it cold in Birr ?its very cold in Dublin 
Another very large order away out today for Brian Mc Cormick Sports, the only sports shop in Letterkenny to stock our Gloves!! Ideal stocking filler for Christmas 
It's beginning to look a lot like ....Warner - the sports coach from STS modelling our new tree 
Bargains to be had!! Limited stock!! Ideal stocking filler for Christmas 
Is it bad that I'm listening to my own music while putting up the Christmas tree ??! 
And it's TODAY!! Mamisa String Quartet, Robbie Overson on guitar will soothe and beguile while I sing along. These songs of our DNA, deeply reassuring & helpful this time of year! See you there 
 Absolutely gutted I couldn't make it to the store today to meet you! However many of your products are on my Christmas list
Festive cheer, some fantastic jumpers on show today 
Big demand for the Christmas Dinner 
Christmas dinner in the Abbey 
More photos from a delicious lunch, thanks to all the canteen staff for all their hard work 
We're setup and ready to welcome our Christmas party night guests 
U9 overall winners 
 performance squad hope to see you all 
 Christmas Raffle
When are you putting your 
Join me & the 
Neither sleet nor rain nor dead of night could dampen our holiday spirits at Friday night’s 
Delighted to welcome our hardworking Minister for State at the Department of Transport, Tourism & Sport Brendan Griffin 
Christmas begins in 
Happy December 1st! Its officially the festive season.
Killarney Toastmasters in the Dromhall Hotel 2nd & 4th Tuesdays - it's looking festive over here! ( Christmas Party Night at Dromhall is Dec 15th!) 
Christmas in full swing at Randles Hotel 
Santa’s grotto awaits his arrival at our Academy Christmas Party! 
Elf on a shelf 
Two families under one roof for the holidays - what could go wrong? 
 HOLIDAY CONTEST: RT for chance to win: 2 Club Bell to 
On the second day of December, my true love sent to me....Claire and daughter Bree 
If you don’t think it’s “too early” for Festive Music, here’s our DiSmas playlist. What’s missing? 
Make sure to follow along as 
The trees are here! Sales start at 12PM today - join us beside the ticket tent at 
The tree lighting ceremony 
Heading down to see the Christmas Tree Lighting 
TONIGHT! Christmas came early 
Take your gift wrapping skills to the next level  
New holiday gift wrap has arrived 
Yessssss Polish Club! We're feeling damn merry with the knowledge that the Sydney rockers are bringing their... 
December is your lucky month! 
Club Tropicana 
Exciting news...

Have you got your tickets yet? Book now at 
Delighted to be back at 
Heard a noise, stopped & looked down Front Street... Wow! Think he’s checking his landing site! 
The countdown to Christmas has begun!
 Just 4 Open Mic's left till 
Countdown begins
Are you ready to place your 
Our Pork Pie Six Pack is a great sandwich box filler for shoot day’s, family outdoor adventures in 
If you have any queries about your Christmas order, please feel free to phone us on 01665 602186 and ask to speak to a member of our butchery team who will do their best to assist you. 
It’s almost that time of year again! 
Tavs 
The children of St Mary's primary representing! 
We've got lots of great festive activities to get involved with before you break up for Christmas 
Happy 1st of December 
It's so nearly there! 
 Picking out a Christmas tree is half the fun of the holidays! Share that joy & help us spread more holiday cheer! 
We have the most delightfully festive task lined up tomorrow evening, Christmas decorating at Seniors 
I'm going to do 25 days of Christmas 
First carol singers of Christmas at 
Find out how to get involved in our Christmas Tree Project this year 
Pinch and a punch for the 1st of the Christmas 
When it comes to Christmas @Beamish_Musuem pull out all the stops 
Kids will love riding a magical steam train to Santa’s Grotto at 
Members - get your 
As it's December 1st here's a sneak peek at a rather festive treat from 
A very crafty Christmas 
We are giving away some goodies! 
Details coming soon... 
From birthday party to Christmas party. We’re feeling festive 
Now for something a little different. It's advent day 3! 
Advent day 2 
Two days to go until our digital advent calendar starts 
Some last minute prep with 
We're doing 
Winter warmers now available 
Busy scenes today at 
I'm now offering 25% off in my Etsy store! Start your shopping today 
No-one ever really needs a reason to enter the glorious world of 
And we’re done....
What's everyone up to this 
 Countdown to Christmas 
Always an enjoyably festive time choosing a great tree   & wreath 
Happy advent everyone. Now, according to ancient rules laid down by my mum, you can eat mince pies and listen to Christmas songs. 
All wrapped up for a day of festivities around Nottingham, feeling so ready for Christmas now. Will be vlogging on my insta stories
We're taking 12 fab bloggers to some our our great Independents for 
We’ve somehow ended up with *four* Christmas trees in our house this year…?! I guess this is our version of living on the wild side.
Holiday parties are already getting booked ... make sure you're ready! Check out my 4 fave 
Christmas coasters! 
Starting tomorrow at 9pm, 
Carollers for 
 We will be selling those ' liquorice pizzas' at The Social Christmas market on Saturday December 16th. 
It's beginning to look like Christmas 
Not feeling in the 
It’s officially Christmas at Royal Lancaster London 
Sublime performance 
Busy setting up for the Magdalen Road Christmas Fair! 
What an ideal place for family gathering this Christmas 
"It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas" 
Sia releases pop-tastic lead single from her new Christmas album – listen 
Brand new 
Here are 4 outfit ideas that perfectly balance fun and work-appropriate, and will have you dazzling in style at your office holiday party. 
Tis' the season, OFFICIALLY! You can find these holiday goodies in our bakery!
Our fantastic inverted tree has officially been lit! 
The lights!! 
Guess the Christmas song 
 means toasty s’mores 
Eeeek only 1 week to go until the first public performance of our wonderful Christmas show The Nutcracker and the mouse king! We are so excited! Have you got your tickets?
Just 2 weeks to go until our first public performance of The Nutcracker and the Mouse King! 
We had a quick chat with the lovely Michaela Bennison to find out more about her! Check out the Q&A: 
We simply couldn’t wait any longer, our Christmas Tree Decorations our now back in stock 
Need some Christmas cake inspiration? Take a look at these festive recipes from 
Put pen to paper & get creative! Enter our Christmas Poetry Competition and you could WIN a brilliant book token from 
Here’s the short list of useful app for journalists. Spend a cozy day on the couch app surfing this holiday season!
Only 2 days left to enter our Poetry Competition. Yikes!
Get creative & you could WIN a brilliant gift from 
Looking for a unique Christmas gift? 
Have you entered our Christmas Poetry Competition yet? Get scribbling & you could WIN a brilliant gift from 
Who wouldn't say yes to a chocolate pressie? Stock up on the NEW Cadbury Heroes – it’s the 
Now December is finally here

Crimbo trees aren’t getting any cheaper then! 
Pinch punch first of the month! Let’s get festive people 
Instead of sending Christmas cards this year some of our team are collecting for 
I wanted to make a cute girl with this kinda color scheme for Christmas! Now that I'm old and soft I love the holiday season again.
TONIGHT -

Our festive buffet menu is now available both for your booking here, or elsewhere in Sheffield. We deliver for free! Contact us for more info: admin@stmarys-church.co.uk or call 01142230223  
Start your crimbo shopping AND help raise money for the Bone Cancer Research Trust 
Only £1 and 5% back to me, 1% to my local community and 10p to 
Off to experience the magic of 
It seems that 
FREE 
We're broadcasting our Christmas spectacular, Our Christmas Gift live at 3pm & 7.30pm AEDT 
 Our Christmas Gift, this Saturday 
Merry THRIFT-Mas!! 

If you're following the Snowflake Trail, don't forget to head to 
Spread some festive cheer and 
Some of our 
Great tasting cans 
Easier said than Dundee. See you tonight 
Dec 22nd! We join 
Due to time wasters we still have this vacancy 
Adding stuff to your online basket like
It's beginning to smell a lot like Christmas... we are gearing up for this month's social evening of Christmas Crafts and Mulled Wine 
You can now download our festive timetable here: 
The last day of November it is then... Let the festivities begin! 
We have our very own 
We’re at King John’s Nursey in Etchingham, Marlborough House School in Hawkhurst and 
Opening today as Buttons in 
 always puts a smile on my face this time of year.
Dorset 
It’s feeling very festive outside the Roman Baths entrance thanks to the beautiful Christmas tree!
Imagine a city made for Christmas...
Our first festive workshop!! 
Thank you to the teams from 
Whoohoo, can't wait! My favourite time of year and my favourite Christmas Market! Bring on the mulled wine and bratwurst! 
Busy, fun day outside with 
*Plays Mariah’s Christmas hits* Off out dancing tonight? Perhaps some shopping (of the Christmas variety) tomorrow? Here’s what you need to know. 

Tis the most wonderful time of the YEARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR 
As it’s nearly 
 will be performing The Andrew Sisters 'Christmas Island' as part of this sparkling 
Christmas has arrived in Thoday 
Still time to join this festive workshop with Kat on Sunday in York. 
Today is the day: it's 1 December, which means our beautiful 
Festive music is blaring out in the 
TOMORROW’S OFFER 
Happy 1st December... 
Before & After from this evening ... lovely freshen up ready for the festive season 
Exited!! 
Last Saturday colour appointment with Amelia before Xmas 
And not a day too soon 
Don't miss this year's 
The Ultimate Christmas Ball, Sat 16th December 
 | Christmas lights switch on at Royal Stoke University Hospital.


Merry Christmas to all our staff who are working today and to those who are having a well deserved rest ! Respect 
 great cook book buys yours today details below or maybe a Christmas 
Santa took some time out of his busy schedule to come and turn on our Christmas lights 
Today we put some Santa’s in the park with 
The road is closed, the rain has stopped and Christmas is coming - get yourselves down o the Barnet Xmas Fayre 
It’s that time of year again 
 is wholly unacceptable in 2017 
Naughty little elves helping out!
It’s almost Christmas 
We don’t waste any time here at festive 
Let the festive season commence! Such a lovely Christmas tree lighting with residents, councillors 
806 with their Christmas hampers for SVDP. Well done girls 
The spirit of Christmas is strong in Derby 
Deck the halls! 
Welcome to the first day of our Wellbeing countdown to Christmas 
Light Up 
There's plenty of stocking-fillers available courtesy of 
Day 2 of our Digital Advent Calendar & today Our pasta trader 'Osteria Della Pasta' want to 
DAY 1 of our Digital 
Pear Tree Studio will be at the Light up Shoreham Christmas Market on 8th December 4pm -9pm 
We have a very busy weekend ahead! 
So if you are going to any of these fairs please come and say hello! 
It's 1st December and time for our festive 
* MERRY CHRISTMAS * 

We hope you all have a fantastic day.


* IT'S NEARLY CHRISTMAS..
On the First day of December 
Throwback to this day last year when 
Really buzzing here at 
Starting off 12 Days of Christmas 
Just heard 
All aboard this weekend for the Christmas Tree Festival - open Saturday 10am-4pm and Sunday 1pm-4pm - on track for some FREE festive fir fun 
Come and see some beautiful Christmas Trees this weekend 
Upcycling kitchen utensils ready for 
Have we got a fantastic Friday for you!

Proud to be part of this year’s 
The making of! 
It’s happened! 
Looking forward to a lovely roast lunch 
My biggest challenge during Christmas is not singing Mariah Carey’s All I Want for Christmas every time I hear it. It’s literally my favourite. 

Who's ready for Christmas tunes?! Let's ho ho go! 

Share your favourite Christmas tunes 
Santa is in 
A hug in a mug macarons_and_more 
Starting to feel Christmassy at Ford Park! 
Keep the 
Treat yourself to a delicious, festive Afternoon Tea 
Pleasure to meet 
Until 15th Dec, we join fab female empowering brands in 
We hope to see you all there! 
Come and see us tomorrow in Hays Galleria  from 11am where we shall be selling all things Christmas! Excited for 
We have a treat for all those on the naughty list this year
Day 3 
Day 2 
The countdown has begun! Be sure to check the FairTrade 
Spreading holiday cheer! 
Norwich Christmas lights switch on 
 Rock Choir had a festive evening learning their new Christmas song!! 
★★★★ REVIEW for 
Last night’s OMAzing 
I haven’t been to a panto for as long as I can remember but 
“A Christmas Tale...a new spin on the Nativity!”
Last Remaining tickets here; 
 It's all happening in Hinckley tomorrow night!! 
Festive Fun Fun Fun!! 
These elves. I love 'em. 
I'm welling up in rehearsals. This is nuts! My pals are so talented and I'm very grateful that I get to welcome Christmas in with them!!!
The festive season gets underway this week with 
Who’s coming to the Matlock Victorian Markets today? Princess Aurora will be there to switch the Christmas lights on!
You really don't want to miss our final shows of 2017! They'll be more raucous than Oxford Street at 
Make sure you're ready for 
This Saturday join us for our Christmas Spectacular edition of Your Mom Says Hi! At the 
tyler and i decided to participate in the Salvation Army’s Angel Tree Program this year and who would have known the shoe size 6C is for 18 month olds
Tonight in 
Save the Children's 
Jesus, Gary, and Joseph
We’re getting our 
Today is your LAST CHANCE to 
2nd stop of the day - supporting 
The countdown to Christmas is well and truly underway! Where in the world are you jetting off to this December? 
Our blogger 
Some people look forward to seeing friends/family for the holidays when they return home to Chicago. That is great and all but I mostly look forward to eating 
ENJOY! 
Christmas spirit in full swing at the Lord Provost's Children's Christmas Party. A truly special festive event. 
Arrived home to the Allen household looking all festive 
Christmas has arrived at the PGR office
Say, by the way, can you play Jingle Bells? 
Holiday Hours 
LET THE NUTCRACKER SEASON BEGIN 
Delighted to head back to 
tree ordered 
We’ve had a delightful morning with 
Check out our Instagram today, the brilliant 
It's the 1st of December and the 
‘Tis the season for the book tree! 
Celebrate the holiday season at 
It's Dec 1st & Christmas is around the corner! Are you hosting your company's holiday party or have family coming into town? No matter how intimate or extravagant your event is, let us handle it for you! Email Erin at events@utgolfclub.com for more info & to reserve your date! 
It's all about the little things during the holidays, like a perfectly trimmed tree! 

Good morning all! We hope you all have a great weekend whatever you're up to 
Campus is beginning to look a lot like Christmas! Have a great weekend Bears! 
Last Fri, Pulp's drummer 
Join us next Wed 6 Dec at The Walkley for 
Nearly Quizmas Time! 
 Merry Christmas from everyone at 
 Traditional Wreathmaking is back! 
 gear - the perfect 
Thus begins annual ritual of walking around lot smelling trees & seeing which ones make me sneeze less 
The Quality Street are out, it’s Christmas 
Calling SBA supporters, we are publishing a series of beneficiary quotes as an 
Huge ‘Thank You’ to 
First sight of the 
The Christmas tree lights are on, and making Founder’s Square look fabulous!
Students making
Discover what driverless cars and particle physics have in common in our Christmas lecture
Can't wait to see our fab students shine at 
Having a ball at 
In October we welcomed 20 local people to the Bulwell Riverside for a showing of Singing in the Rain. Our next 'age friendly' film will be White Christmas at the Bulwell Riverside on 12th December, as part of our Connecting Communities project with 
Why not come in and try our NEW Christmas chai & our NEW Christmas tea! 
CBJ Christmas Do W/ The Gamble 
Christmas in Cambridge, 1 Dec 2017. 
Our first week of Christmas Double features starts tonight! 
Just a few of our stalls helping raise funds for 
Hands up, who's putting up their 
Psst, enjoy festive ready furniture for less with £100 off when you spend £500 or more. Just use code RELAX 
Congratulations to Caroline Rooke & Pat Healy who have been randomly selected as the winner of our 
Never a dull moment 
We're certainly in the Festive spirit 
Great pic - well done all. Ho Ho Ho and merry Xmas 
About to buy your Christmas tree? Check out 
This is not a drill.... it's snowing at our stores! 
We always get our 
Vibes could not have been more festive & magical today at 
Buy Welsh, buy local, buy Food Assembly this Christmas 
When buying your 
So I did contemplate whether my customers would be ready for Xmas  
**NEW SHOW**

Come down to see Emma at the Longhope Christmas Fair today. Come down to the Latchen Rooms to see Emma for all your beer needs 
What to get a 
Welcome to Salop Christmas! Lots to see and do for the whole family on the run-up to Christmas 
One month until 25.12.2017! Who's excited? 
>
When you couldn’t decide on one tree...so bought two 
I’m so excited to be a part of 
 The tree the tree the tree. 
We're helping the 
A weekend of 
We love the holidays here at 
Stop by this holiday season and try 
A new Holiday 
Save the date: The Brit + Co Holiday House opens December 1st in SF! 
Day 57. Transformation Tuesday.
We Know You Want It 
Brace your 'elf': There are lots of 
So lovely to be a part of the Herne Bay Christmas Ligjts Dutch in event this afternoon. Congestion’s toneveryone involved in the find raising initiative too
Tonight some of our choir members were invited to sing at the Herne Bay Christmas Lights switch on
It's the most wonderful time of the year! Tune in to hear your favorite Christmas songs on the NextRadio app today! 
If you want to hear the FIRST Christmas song of the season, tune in NOW... Indy's Christmas Station goes live at MIDNIGHT 
It's that time of year again 
Bout that time! 
Got something super freakin cool coming to a pair of eyes/ears near you soon! 
From our family (in 2008
Just released a new Lyric Video! 
Happy Monday!  I have a new Christmas song that just dropped on 
To Do List:

1. Worry about tax-bill from hell that makes national debt soar;
2. Be pissed about growing list of sexual harassers in gvt  & secret hush-fund from hell paid by taxpayers.
3. Focus on Flynn & Russia, Russia, Russia;
4. Do stuff to get ready for Xmas
Post Christmas Tree 
"With the holiday season in full gear, it’s natural to get into the spirit of giving. But here at CableLabs, charitable giving is always in season." 
A memory of my merry mongrel Christmases in our Italian-Irish-Glaswegian household 
 & I will be there as your MCs again! Can't wait to see you all there!!!
LOOK HOW MCFRIGGIN CUTE
Captain 
Celebrating the season at 
Great night at The Mount in 
Success!!! The Griswolds got nothing on the Scotlands!
Will you be going to 
one of our favourite festive date nights - checking out the Christmas trees (& supporting 
We got our Christmas tree! 
Your welcome 
Come in for lunch, and enjoy our Mexican Mac & Cheese! Open at 11:30 Thursday and Friday! 
We’ll be ringing in the season in Hermann Square at City Hall tonight at the 
Join us for a free 
Can't wait for the best Christmas party of the year! A Charlie Brown Christmas is on tonight at 8! 
Plan your NorthPark Center holiday adventure
Christmas cheer last night with 
Almost time to wreck the halls. 
It's Indie Horror Friday! Join in later this evening for a brand new spooky game: Black Mirror! Live around 5-6pm EST! See you guys soon 
PS4 PRO / Astro A40 TR / NightHawk Giveaway!!!
The annual Tulloch Lodge Christmas at the Stables 
 means it's officially time for 
“Best Christmas ever!” 10 years of making dreams come true for Grandparents Raising Grandchildren. Our 10th annual 
Snapping bits and singing Christmas songs! 
Free shipping using code "CHRISTMAS" 48hrs only 
Checking for wiggle! Latest episode is live!! 
Our Christmas decorations may be delayed but our spirit is not!  We're sharing the love and extending the 
What's up members of the house of Thane going to do a Christmas 
 We're getting into the spirit of giving this holiday season with a TON of giveaways in the month of December!

Get excited for The Twelve Days of 
Make your workday life more colorful with the HellRaisers Winter wallpapers. Let's celebrate the New Year together! 
My new lyric video for 
~Contest!~
 Christmas is officially here... 
If you are one of the 75% that would like to win a personalised cake from 
SPRING CITY'S CHRISTMAS EVE PARTY RETURNS!! 
It's that time of year, right?
Much like Christmas TV re-runs here’s a flashback to our Advent calendar from last year 
In the unlikely event that the return of the dragons happens to interfere with any of the celebrations that I have planned during December, I'll be ready to answer the call alongside my trusty axes in this awesome new 
I got back in from work at about 4.00 am this morning and went to sleep at around 5.00 am, so I'm shattered! But that doesn't really matter! I'm on the road to Nottingham today to experience the city's Christmas Market and to see The Darkness at Rock City for a third time! 
Just ordered myself a...how would the kids put it nowadays? 'Bitchin' 
Sampling today 
Our Festive Menu launches tomorrow evening at the Hayloft restaurant! 
Another fantastic festival over for another year. Thank you to all the customers that called in over the weekend. Also a big thank you to the committee and volunteers for organising another great festival. Diolch i bawb 
Getting emotional with 
We've been waiting to share these with you for a while now... 
Skipping into December and party season 
  Day 3 - when you have your tree up and this happens! 
Alright ya bunch of Christmas crackers, here's the festive special at Purezza - the Christmas Calzone. We've stuffed it with roast potatoes, courgettes, Pastramheat (by 
Expat Australian gingerbread man who, like thousands of Australians abroad, yearns for home in David Jones latest (most adorable) 
The PureChimp Christmas shop has arrived! Chocolate and gift sets this year!
This Saturday we're hosting our first festive bottomless brunch and ukulele jam session! Every Saturday in December, get your tickets here: 
Right ....... NOW it's Christmas 
“I’ll Be Your Waste Of Time” is out now 
There’s still plenty of time to have yourselves a tasty little Christmas, courtesy of our macaroon towers… they look just like Christmas trees, only much tastier and suitable all year round! 
As Christmas is coming Thomas and Davies are running a 2 week Used Car Event from the 1st-14th December!
 leaving their mark again. 
Set up a monthly donation of £10 and we will send you a care family tartan scarf for Christmas.....or we can gift the scarf to a care experienced person. How lovely would that be? 
Megan did her 1st Skydive to raise money for 
A great chance to see the Christmas Lights Trail too! Find us at Elizabeth Quay 
Keep the change. 
Merry Christmas Chocolate Lovers! We hope you have a wonderful day 
Some of our visitors are getting into the holiday spirit with our annual Nature's Wreath class! 
It's officially December, and look who has arrived from the North Pole in our holiday mailbox! Haven't registered for Breakfast or Lunch with Santa 
“O Holy Night” has always been my favorite 
We're excited for all the fun activities at the Christmas Tree Lightening tonight! 
It's giving Tuesday! Be sure to donate to my campaign. I have until Friday to reach my goal. 
Hanging of the Greens 2017. 
Be sure to check out this year’s Hanging of the Greens Snapchat filter! 
Today is the day Lobos, Hanging of the Greens starts at 5:45pm outside of the 
Are you planning on going to Hanging of the Greens tomorrow? 
Join us this Friday for the annual Hanging of the Greens. 
 Parade of Lights w Ottawa’s finest (Piche, Rhoden) keeping the crowds safe. Gr8 turnout! 
Close to being completely SOLDOUT again this Christmas so folks, if you are hoping to be with us all on Dec23 in 
Just Announced
Santa parade over load this past weekend with the work fam, I’m now officially in the holiday spirit
Don’t wait a month to see Santa! He’s made himself cozy here at Southcentre, but only until December 24 at 3PM! 
So glad to hear that ! Thank you 
We look forward to welcoming you 
Looking fabulously relaxed ladies .. so lovely to have you staying with us .. hopefully the setting inspired you to write.Happy Christmas 
So good to be in Edinburgh for 
Our Most Popular Hampers this Christmas 
Who's excited about Christmas? We're sure are!
We've now reached the point where the only reason given by Leavers for carrying on with Brexit is that it would be too "embarrassing" to stop it.

Let that sink in.

We ALL have to suffer so that THEY can save face.


 Edinburgh 
Keep the chill at bay this Christmas, with our warming i heart Merlot mulled wine recipe, as featured by 
New macaroons for the afternoon tea menu, speculoos and spiced orange 
My doorbell is in the Holiday spirit! 
What a wonderful day at 
Loving my new summer collection of Men’s shirts just in for Christmas 
To our 
Looking for a fresh 
Have you got your 
Someone's getting a tasty Christmas treat in their stocking! 
 shows and performances coming up this week. Tickets for all on sale with 
Putting up your tree this weekend? Make sure you don't forget these two! Make your own Gruffalo and Gruffalo's child 
Celebrate a Jazz Age-inspired festive season at the 
Only a couple more hours of shopping time 
Amzing gifts like these to 
Up goes our 
Woohoo - paperchains, robins and stunning snowflakes now in the mix thanks to the fab Henleaze Rangers - thank you guys! Ready for the women to get involved tomorrow, with tree decorations and window snow 
Huge thanks 
Here in the 
Our school tree at the Christmas 
It's definitely the 1st December!
We're at the Christmas Market at Christ Church in Old Town. Games and prizes to be won for all ages 
Drumroll... Our very own 
Christmas Memory Cafe 
Our MEGA Bookish Xmas 
 With Christmas coming up, there will be some changes to our Box Office opening hours. You can check them online 
Feeling so festive today - get your gift shopping off to a good start with our extremely stocking-worthy skincare 
THIS is a Christmas movie I like! Love the diversity in the cast! Bravo, 
Don't forget to pop down to our monthly SHOP this 
Absolutely stunning stuff from Daniel Kitson tonight at 
The first sign of 
Friendly reminder about “The Ugly 
Beautiful first half of 
The new original Christmas 
My favourite Xmas song lyric.... everybody loves fucking pie don't they! 
Many of our Officers had a great night last night keeping everyone safe at the annual 
Thanks so much for the shout out, 
The Lemon Bay Englewood Rotary Club packs 144,000 meals in under TWO hours this morning. More at 5
UTC mall feels like a piece of home for the holidays. 
Our friends at the 
Go listen to 
Tonight on 
December 1st got me like... 
Getting emotional with 
Just in time for the Holidays, 
Join us for the St Paul's College Annual Carol Service on Sunday 20 November @ 7pm. 
Christmas is coming 
Packet pickup is underway and ready to fill your weekend with holiday cheer! 
Wonderful people .. wonderful music.. wonderfully fun!
We love seeing how you all 
Thanks for sharing how you 
Thankyou 
I’ve had so much fun exploring the Christmas markets in Frankfurt over the last few days. Finally feeling festive 
Pleased to announce that 
Saturday mornings at 
 @ Hertel Holidays 
December 1st.... is your tree up yet?? 
Deals to deck the halls! Save $25 when you spend $75 on holiday decor, trees, lights & more. Restrictions apply. 
Did someone say $1 socks? 
Hey 
Spoil your holiday bae with these sexy stocking stuffers! 
Christmas decorating in full swing at the Garofalo house! 
It’s lit! 
Happy Holidays, Houston! 
Looking for a fantastic holiday toy guide? 
It's a party !! 


And we're off!!!


Our volunteers are on site at 
Huge shoutout to 
Thanks to Martello Trusted Real Estate Advisors for their incredible generosity! In addition to this phenomenal monetary donation, they brought boxes of nutritional, non perishable food items!! 
There are just 48 hours left to help decorate our 
Have you made reservations for the 
Christmas plans = sorted. 
Check out our fabulous volunteers at 
Hooray it's 
Firefighters Angel pancake breakfast with NW&DLC Secretary Treasurer, Janet Andrews. Together more than $4000 was raised 
What would you want to find under your 
 Pleased to say our Pocket Pirate books (which we bought online) have arrived today ready to send to 
Decorations, beautifully made by 
A portion of ticket sales for 
Get your aprons on for these Christmas bakes! 
Some people look forward to seeing friends/family for the holidays when they return home to Chicago. That is great and all but I mostly look forward to eating 
The best thing about the holidays is: _______ 
Winter sale until 12/15! Use the code: CYBERWINTER for 50% off! 
For one of the cosiest evenings in London, settle in to 
You all made it feel like Christmas at The Grove last week! 
Yay! 
We’re all costumed up, in character and off to switch on the Finsbury Park Christmas lights!! That’s how we end rehearsals at Go People. 
Everyone is welcome to join us tomorrow at the Mundella Christmas Fayre: 12 - 2pm 
Sneak peek...
Just a handful of tickets left for each of this weekend's shows - 
HAPPY HOLLY DAYS! DYK 
Christmas is just round the corner 
It’s Cyber Weekend! Free shipping from now through Monday at 
1st Day of Christmas w/ 
good morning! 
Some important festive information from 
"At Christmas, everything is so family focused. It can be incredibly isolating." We love the idea of a reverse advent calendar, making sure the whole community is included in the festivities 
 CHRISTMAS CAMP
HEAT 3: Okay, this time we've got four new songs to choose from. BTW, if Slade wins, someone has to post a reply screaming the IT'S CHRIIIISSSTTTMMMAAASSS bit. Thanks.
In love with our Christmas 
Love a real Christmas 
The tree looks great! Merry Christmas 
I think Milo approves of my new Xmas jumper from 
Join us for our Holiday Open House at University Point on Tuesday, December 5, 2017 from 5 p.m. to 7 p.m. There will be holiday music, refreshments, and festive fun. Also, the children can share their Christmas lists with Santa Claus and decorate delicious cookies! 
We've got the 
Happy 1st of December to all current + ex-servicemen and women.
May this time of year bring you peace and happiness. 
 construction will wrap up on parts of George Street in time for Christmas 
KKB XMAS PARTY!!!!
As it's December 1st here's a sneak peek at a rather festive treat from 
Wow- thanks Lizzie! 
A successful Christmas Crafts night 
These Molton Brown baubles are the perfect addition to your Christmas tree this festive season, available at Camp Hopson now 
Imagine a city made for Christmas...
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
Last night in my new coat which definitely looks like a Christmas pudding (in a good way)
It's our first Christmas Farce afternoon show today - come along at 4pm 
A beautiful sunny morning for Christmas tree decoration - we can’t wait to see it all lit up tonight! 
So overwhelmed with all the 
The holidays are just around the corner 
At Wellington Airport see the 
It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas 
My favorite holiday tradition. Attending the annual 
Jeff has his copy of 
Out shopping and Season Of Love is playing over the loud speakers. 
We’re taking over 
A Spa Day makes the perfect Christmas gift 
The Tree of Life makes the perfect stage for 
Get into the Christmas spirit with us! We'll be 
Happy XMas! 
On the first day of the 
Celebrate the holidays with 
Give the gift of education this Christmas! 
RT & Follow 
 from the 2015 London Graduates 
It’s up and looking gorgeous 
Bernard Bear getting ready for Christmas 
Benny and 
We're looking for a musical 
What are you putting on top of your Xmas tree? 
10 ways to win at Christmas 
You can email ticketing@truckfestival.com and pay the price difference! x 
Want to start feeling festive & explore Runcorn Town Hall? Why not come along to Open Day this Saturday from 10am. Front doors will be open & you’ll be greeted by this wonderful sight 
ITS CHRRRRISSSTMAASSSSESH 
Officers on Blue Christmas have bumped into someone very important... Santa will be in the Old Town Gardens till 1300... pop down
Santa helping PCSO Thompson deter shoplifting in the Old Town 
Officers on foot patrol in Rumcorm old town for operation Blue Christmas 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas in the Unicorn Class 
Advent starts tomorrow and this year I'm trying something different. In the excitement, it's so easy to forget the true values of Christmas so I'm planning to carry out 24 days of social action or acts of kindness to help me remember what's really important at this time of year
BIRMINGHAM! 
 Holiday movies on streaming, a thread 
Lovely night feeling Christmassy with 
Had so much fun touring the 
Such a fun night with 
Excited for a Christmassy hour with 
What a cracker! 
Happy 1st December Cake & Bakers!
We’re getting our 
Richard from 
Enjoying the festive season.  
When it comes to cats & Christmas trees, the more the better!
And it's up!! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas...the tree is up woohooooo! 
 x it was a pleasure  
Everyone getting ready for THE HAWKSHEAD CHRISTMAS FAIR this Saturday & Sunday 
ENJOY! 
Feeling festive so I made this cranberry orange bread 
Christmas makeup gift guide mood? 
Is it me or is everyone  getting in the Christmas makeup shimmer mood? 

Dr V and Sing Anyway are getting us all in the festive spirit! 
Home after 
And the winners are... 
A few more pics from 
Wow! What an incredible 
The winner of tonight’s best team name is... 
It's beginning to look a lot like 
Candy canes are the ultimate 
We went to this last night, it was absolutely stunning and a real Christmas treat! If you can go, you really should 
Beginning to feel a lot like 
How to choose a 
Don't forget this years Q U I Z M A S !  
These Relish Cuff links would make a fab stocking filler! 
Traditional 
McCloy’s Crafty Crochet will be doing a stall at Platt School’s Christmas Fair Saturday 9th December 11-3pm with handmade crochet gifts and decorations. A shout would be appreciated please 
Cranbrook Christmas Farmers Market
All set up for my second day 
All set up and ready to go at 
My stand at 
Can't wait for this tomorrow! 
SNAPPED UP MARKET TODAY FOLKS! 
Really looking forward to this event at the paget rooms this Sunday! Be sure to pop by and say hi 
There’s less than a week to wait until the Garden is transformed into a 
There’s just over a week to go until the Garden’s 
We still have a few remaining spaces available for our 
Don't forget to use 
New vid coming soon! 
Together We're Merrier
To Do List:

1. Worry about tax-bill from hell that makes national debt soar;
2. Be pissed about growing list of sexual harassers in gvt  & secret hush-fund from hell paid by taxpayers.
3. Focus on Flynn & Russia, Russia, Russia;
4. Do stuff to get ready for Xmas
Seasons Greetings from 
The Makeup Junkie's Christmas Gift Guide 2017 
My first gift guide is here - one for the beauty and makeup lovers with some fab sets from 
I'm on pines and needles 
The 40 ft. 
While anyone listens to WHAM Last Christmas 
Holy Cross Athletics is kicking off the holiday 
It’s the most wonderful time of the year! 
SNEAK PEEK: 

Next week we’ll hear from 
 NEXT SAT 12/9 - The Big One - The Dandy Warhols Annual 
Give the gift that gives back this Christmas. 
RIP C
Come celebrate the true meaning of the season! TODAY 2:00 or 3:30 in the theatre.  Students in both upper and middle school choruses will be performing! 
GET EXCITED! IT’S GAMEDAY! BE AT TENNESSEE TECH AT 7! THEME IS CHRISTMAS 
Sea Otter Stout launch is in full swing. Come try all 4 variants of this new brew at 
 is finally here! It's time to get 
Happy 1st of December! It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas around America's Resort.
Today's the day! The 
Starting tomorrow at 9pm, 
Kicking off December 
Countdown to the purfleet lights switch on at St Stephens... getting busy! 
Wonderful the see so many people come and watch the purfleet lights switch on. Thank you to you all! 
Almost time to wreck the halls. 
 3rd December Giveaway! 
it’s here!
Tickets still available on the door, performance starts 7:30pm - perfect way to finish off your 
It's the 1st day of December and we are so excited for our 
Sound check is underway at 
What an amazing evening in 
We’re ready!! Are you?? See you in the market square at 4.40pm and 5.30pm! 
Signed magic boxes getting sent out for Christmas 
All set up at the 
Indeed - do pop in, 
Pick your perfect Christmas Tree with 
Confused by the different types of real Christmas trees? Try our quick quiz to find your perfect match! 
Experience magic this winter! We have two 
21 hours till our Holiday Guft Guide magazine goes live!! 
I never hit 
We're stoked to be getting involved in getting the city feeling festive at the Worcester Victorian Fayre! If you're heading down today, give our burritos or nachos a go, with your choice of any filling... they'll keep you warm! 
Join us today at the Worcester Victorian Christmas Fair 
Is there anything better than getting cosy in new pyjamas on Christmas Eve? We have matching PJ’s for the whole family - perfect for those Christmas Eve boxes! 
If you feel like getting festive, take a decorating tip or two from 
Thanks for tuning in to 
Amazing evening turning the Wednesbury Christmas Lights on, 
alongside some incredible people
Christmas Tree is UP!! Happy 1st of December ! 
*Plays Mariah’s Christmas hits* Off out dancing tonight? Perhaps some shopping (of the Christmas variety) tomorrow? Here’s what you need to know. 

How can anyone seriously enjoy putting up & decorating the Christmas tree? Nah mine can wait a few weeks I’ll just have a whiskey & mince pie! 
Rise and shine.. IT'S CHRISTMAS!! 
Christmas-themed 
We don’t waste any time here at festive 
Thx to everyone who came today! Our Holiday Pop Up Shop at 
A tour of the Solar System Christmas Tree! 
Turn your holiday lights off before leaving home or going to bed. 
GIVEAWAY
TONIGHT, we're lighting our 
The ho-ho-holidays have arrived! Here are 5 festive things to do at 
SATURDAY there is a serious holiday hoedown happening at 
This FRIDAY come to 
Strong, courageous, inspiring - our line of duty families continue to amaze me. We can never repay them for their sacrifice, but we promise to always honor them and their loved ones. Thank you to the 
Now that the 
Join us at this weekend's tree lighting celebrations at 
We’re LIVE in Central Park at Harlem Meer for caroling, ice carving and holiday cheer! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas....
Decking the halls 
 HOLIDAY CONTEST: RT for chance to win: 2 Club Bell to 
 is OFFICIALLY your holiday music station thru Christmas Day!! 
Red button in the studio..... 
Long Island, we're kicking off the holiday festivities on November 28th at The Paramount for our Shake Up Christmas concert with 
JUST ANNOUNCED: our show with 
Visit us in-store and at 
Use code XMAS for 10% (new customers only) off our 
If you're ordering from the 
 deployments continuing across the city 24/7. Keeping you safe as you go home, go out or go shopping
 deployments at 
On Wednesday the Design Christmas Market opens for 3 days only! Come along to 
Who said old books needed to be thrown away?
Our Christmas tree decorations this year are made from old books by one of our fantastic volunteers!
 Fitting for 
We're sharing your LEGO 
Lots of great decorations being made in Central Hall at St Thomas' Hospital today. We can't wait to see them added to our tree 
So impressed by 
Help us make LEGO decorations for our Christmas Tree! 
Notable Children’s Books of 2017 
Where to buy Elf on the Shelf for Christmas 2017. Share your photos with us on our Manchester Family Facebook page 
Elf The Musical has arrived at 
Lovely family pic of Shane Richie with his children 
It may be 5 degrees but the festive season has started. Holiday lights @ Civic Square in 
The lights are up and the star's on top! Great job by our forestry team for making Civic Square so festive 
Get your house tip-top ready for those Christmas guests - for a chance to 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! The tree arrived at City Hall today, Lights will be strung this week 
Don't miss the 
In need of some ideas for Christmas?
Our awesome artisans 
Psst...we can help you get your 
 wrapping starts now 
Our men's 
Our Christmas Trees have arrived! Early birds can even choose them from tomorrow, don’t forget every penny from the sale of our Christmas trees will go straight back to the Lake District National Park! 
Soooo 
Delivery schedules for orders over the Christmas and New Year period 
It's officially the festive season so you would expect nothing less from our products of the week! 
Lovely 
When a bookworm puts up a Christmas tree...


It's hard to believe that the Christmas Tour is less than a month away! Check out one of my favorite moments from last year's Christmas Tour. 
And... it's up! We look forward to welcoming you over the festive season ahead. 
Out today, your 64-page special issue of The Dish, packed full of everything you need for your Christmas feast! 
A big thank you to the 
Can't wait to celebrate the season with you, 
We can't wait to see all of the lights! 
Yes, we do have a few openings left for Private Parties!!!
Need gift ideas?? 
Hosting Xmas this year?? Marley Spoon has got you covered > CHRISTMAS, IN A BOX 
 picnic in 
It's so much fun decorating Christmas tree with your loved ones. 


Is it Feb 14th yet? Tix/more info: 
5 Reasons to Have a Holiday Wedding 
Here, take this, it’s dangerous to go...without adequate winter clothing 
T-T-Teessiders. Get to our Christmas Party in Stockton on Dec 8th. This is who we got for you... 
 We will be selling those ' liquorice pizzas' at The Social Christmas market on Saturday December 16th. 
headed to Boston to play some shows this week! If you have any friends or family there, let them know !! 
All our shops are open today & we now proudly carry 
So many cute holiday cards in our shops! Great for giggles! 
Only 1 month till 
Happy 1st December!  Here’s the perfect way to get into the mood for Christmas 
Winnipeg was LIT for the 
Be careful carrying your 
Amazing crowd in Toronto tonight 
Thrilled to be joining the very lovely 
We’re less than a week away from 
We wish you all a very happy 
Welcome to December!! 
Happy 1st December! Keep your eyes peeled for an exciting festive giveaway starting soon
1/2 off ALL wine bottles ALL of December 
Tomorrow is Dec 1st. Time to crack out the Christmas Movie advent calendar 
Here it is! A new musical advent calendar countdown 
Shoot with the 
 The previous Friday, on the 1st of December at Irving Plaza!
Great night being had at Comber Christmas Fair 
Not only is the deli open late tonight for some festive browsing but we have a cheesecentric stall at Comber Fair in the Square too!
It’s officially Christmas Argory Christmas Fayre this weekend 
12 
Don't spend Christmas in the kitchen! 
12 Prizes of 
12 Deals of 
They were fabulous it’s only THE BEST SCHOOL IN BELFAST!!  
St Bernard’s & Model school for girls our Christmas choirs today 
My doorbell is in the Holiday spirit! 
Today's the day! Join us in Coalisland from 1pm for the Lights Switch On. The man himself, Santa will illuminate the town at approximately 5.20pm. With free family fun and the 
Starting to feel a lot like Xmas 
Festive Afternoon Tea
Just one week left to enter our children and young people 
Our tree is up! The Nolton Church Christmas Tree Festival in Bridgend runs from 1st-9th December (Except Sunday) and is open 11am-6pm. Check out our new stars 
Happy 1st of December! Have you opened your 
Lots of people are making donations to the Association instead of sending Christmas cards 
We would like to say a MASSIVE thank you to everyone who came out tonight to our light switch on... what a night it was! 
one more week! 
Ho! Ho! Ho! Santa Claus is coming to town!

A very special guest checked into Lough Erne Resort today, Ernie the Elf 
Do you know someone who would love to wake up to a Lough Erne Resort​ Gift Voucher under the tree on Christmas morning? 
Enjoy a magical Christmas at Lough Erne Resort in the heart of the Fermanagh Lakelands 
Ennis-killin it- how good does the 
Our secrets out .... !! The unbelievably talented , Irish duo 
VERY excited to debut the 
Just released a special bundle 
Honey and 'Lights' and all things nice. 
Who else is going to see 
It is really starting to feel Christmassy & festive around here! 
Our Clondalkin café is looking extremely festive, now that our Christmas tree is up! 
I am assuming this will be your normal dress for the next 22 days including Christmas Day 
It’s beginning to feel a lot like Christmas 
It's the BEST day of the year! Before he goes Under The Sea for tonight's 
You still have time! Stop by 
Want to relive the magic of The Toy Show again?! 
Louise's Big Poll // iWeekend 

It's a simple one this Saturday 
We are so exited for our first annual PUP crawl through Midtown tomorrow!
You can’t miss us — 200 people and dogs with jingle bells on! 
Sports Facilities Christmas Opening hours 
CLEVELAND 
ICYMI: On the second day of 
 Golf Store Christmas Draw 
Let the party begin! Our first Christmas Party! Staff ready to have fun, clubhouse looking fantastic & guests turning up ready to party the night away! Have fun 
A sneak preview of the Music concert from Year 10 GCSE music student Thea Lamb! Tickets on sale now-Monday 11th December 
Don’t leave presents out under the tree – burglars will think that Christmas has come early 
Christmas trees can catch fire in rapid speed, always turn your lights off when you go to bed or go out 
Stay safe when buying Christmas presents online!
Gr8 fun singing
Happy Holidays from HPD partnered up with Fiesta for the 32nd Food Drive. Stop by Fiesta stores and donate. Be a part of feeding 3500 families this Christmas 
Thanks for brewing up some fun at our place! 
: Help a child in need and pack a gift-filled shoebox to be part of 
Oh what fun it is to decorate cookies with 
It’s time! Ladies Night Out at Crossroads Village - $5 to get in and shop until 9 PM 
Happy 1st December everyone!! Time to get your advent calendars out! 
Don't forget 
Downtown Raleigh....lit! 

The 
It's December! 
The magic happens tonight from 6-10pm in 
Join us tomorrow for our annual tree lighting ceremony! 
Tampa's annual Tree Lighting Ceremony is this Friday in 
White Christmas is up first for 
Just Announced! | 
Need Christmas Gift Ideas???? Watch this space, we’ve got some amazing ideas to share .... 

 It's December so we can officially get excited about Christmas 
December is finally upon us, which means... it's time to get festive! 
Thanks to all at 
What could be more Christmassy than traditional storytelling with Owen Roe, Michael Forbes, 
Check out our incredible line-up of Christmas Events! 

With music from 
Until Love Conquers Fear. Tonight we sing for trocaireonline Mt Argus Church 
Nollaig Shona, a chairde! 
The tree is going up! Have you put up your Christmas tree yet? Feel free to post a photo of your festive agricultural masterpiece below!
Not available in Ireland yet but I am very excited for this gig 
Need plans for this weekend? Check out whats going on in KC including holiday lights, concerts, recitals and more. 
Decorations are in place....Christmas has well and truly arrived 
One Of My Special Enchanted 
Flying to the North Pole tonight
There's nothing like performing at the 
Spreading holiday cheer! 
'Tis officially the season to be merry and bright! 
It's all about the little things during the holidays, like a perfectly trimmed tree! 

All my PhD student 
when your home is a 
See the giant 
It's looking a lot like 
FREE CHRISTMAS FUN! 
Santa will be at Crealy next weekend for his all-new interactive show, Santa's Magical Christmas! 
We're getting ready to join the 
We've got a whole host of amazing 
We can't wait for 
A great supporter of us here at WLM Seymour Place! 
"It's beginning to feel a lot like Christmas..." 
Christmas is coming! 
Quick calendar delivery in Bishopton this evening before the Christmas Light switch on 
 I want everything. 
Pajama Day was a huge success!  Thank you for supporting our Annual Adopt a Family Drive!  
Please stop by the Festival of Trees to see our Student Council Tree!  
It might be too soon to mention this, but...

Christmas trees! Every year we fell some Scot's pines at Wildmoor Heath as part of our woodland management there.

Come to our Christmas tree sale next weekend (9th-10th December) and get yourself a tree that doesn't cost the earth 
Cookies! It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas in the Taste Cafe - with some delicious shortbread cookies to buy when you visit this festive season including red-nosed reindeer, Christmas trees and baubles! 
Why not complete your Christmas flower order with these lovely Christmas cards? Available in our shop now! 
The countdown to the Church Street Christmas tree switch on this evening by the Lord Mayor 
We're in 
The campest 
Check out how our Head Chef Paul, makes THE perfect 
On the 
We've joined forces with 
Braving the cold for a great night seeing the 
Mondays 
 Dec 2nd on the Local Growth Hub Liverpool 
Great first day of rehearsals for 
We are counting down to the Christmas Fair which takes place next week - Friday 1st December.  Letters coming home on Monday but a reminder children will finish at 1.00pm 
Tis' the season to get merry big. Catch the best new bands first at 
I’M SO READY FOR CHRISTMAS
Here it is! Potentially the best thing I’ve ever made; A Ten Tonnes Christmas on Spotify
Today I
Getting in the Christmas spirit 
Successful day of Christmas shopping! 
This is gonna be SO much fun!! 
Biggest Christmas tree in Camden? 
Happy 1st of December one and all! 
Happy 1st of December folks! 
If you haven't already, download your copy of 
Time to start our festive decorating
 POPPED MUSIC PRESENTS XMAS PARTY! FRI 8TH DEC 
When you realise Christmas is only 22 days away 
Officers will be out & about at the weekend, if you see us say Hi! Working to reduce crime on the rail network keeping you 
1st of December today and its begining to look a lot like Christmas at 
It's 1st December! 
Who’s coming to the Matlock Victorian Markets today? Princess Aurora will be there to switch the Christmas lights on!
From festive light switch-ons to Victorian Christmas Fayres, pick up the December issue of Cornwall Life to discover what's on this season in our wonderful county. 
Superb effort in Carglaze Road, St Austell 
Lantern Parade well underway! 

Great turn out at joint community event in 
How many people can say they have engaged, consulted and involved Santa’s Elves in 
YAY today’s the day-Come along today to 
Our Christmas tree and decorations are looking amazing! Thanks to the volunteers for their help today in putting these up 
Happy 1st of December! What can you do this Christmas to give back to your community? 
A wee elfie selfie with 
Baking is underway for the 
The tree is up, decorated by yours truly - who says work isn't fun? 
Happy 1st December!
 | It's December 
Really buzzing here at 
Too early...
| SOCCER MOM SURVIVAL KIT COMPETITION | Visit our sports cafe for a chance to win.
All aboard this weekend for the Christmas Tree Festival - open Saturday 10am-4pm and Sunday 1pm-4pm - on track for some FREE festive fir fun 
Bit of a 
Join us for some festive Family fun this Christmas – open every day except Christmas day! Get your tickets online by clicking below… 
Come and see some beautiful Christmas Trees this weekend 
CONFIRMED | New venues for the Tatum & Pearson 2018 Tour and a return to 
Upcycling kitchen utensils ready for 
Have we got a fantastic Friday for you!

Proud to be part of this year’s 
Looking forward to a lovely roast lunch 
Christmas Dance tickets are on sale as of Monday 4th December every break in the Games Hall. 

Junior 
Interhouse continues this Friday 1st December with the 
Decorating the office getting ready for 
Journey to the North Pole through our dazzling display of sparkling lights, snowy scenes and magical music this festive season 
It's getting verrrry chilly outside! Snuggle up with these 10 bestselling Puffin books 
Make Christmas Eve extra magical with a personalised festive box to share with the whole family
Nice to see our Head Boy, Daniel getting into the Christmas Spirit at the Christmas Fayre today
Morning everyone, hope you're having a great weekend so far! 
Potential Fortnite: Battle Royale Christmas update #2 - Presents as chests, Loot Lake is frozen and... Snowmen instead of bushes! (Video: 
Potential Fortnite: Battle Royale Christmas update #1 - Candy Cane as a pickaxe, Santa's Sleigh as the Bus and... Christmas trees! (Video: 
One month to go... 
Thank you to everyone who came to the Christmas Fayre today at The Dobbie Hall! 
When you realise there's only FIVE WEEKS until 
 
Video coming Friday. Song available TOMORROW in The Christmasaurus: The Musical Edition. 
Day 12 of the 12 Days of Christmas Fayre Countdown 
Below is the price list for the Trash to treasure goods. Catch us at the Christmas Fayre or send me a message for personalised orders! 
Here are just some of the products which Trash to Treasure will be selling at the Christmas Fayre this Saturday and Sunday. See you there! 
Tonight is the last session of Trash To Treasure before the Christmas Fayre. We are feeling festive! 
 is an important part of our new motto! Try this kindness advent calendar as we build up to Christmas 
Can’t get over how pretty London is at Christmas 
The Freedom Cafe are hosting a Christmas Party soon for all their customers! If you can help with any of the items below & spread some Christmas love and happiness to those in need, please pm us , we are so grateful to all who help and support us
Dear Santa, All I want for Christmas is for people to stop buying harmful ‘air fresheners’. 
24 sleeps til Christmas 
Day 8 of the 12 Days of Christmas Fayre Countdown 
Sneak peak in today’s Christmas collection!!
Come down to Stirling High today 10-2 to get our stress relief products 
December: walking the dog in a Christmas jumper and a can of cider 
Lovely Christmas decorations from 
Here are some new products upcycled tonight at Trash to Treasure! 
Trash to Treasure’s wine holder production is in full swing. £4.50 per holder or £5.00 for a holder with a personalised message. PM me or 
The trash to treasure team are on the hunt for unwanted bits and bobs which could be brought back to life. Eg. Unwanted xmas baubles, ribbon, glassware, costume jewellery or anything else! Drop in to me or 
Trash to Treasure is back tomorrow to finalise orders and prep for the Christmas Fayre. Who is with us?! 
Our charity partner 
A Christmas bauble which contains Morven’s image hangs on the Elgin town Christmas tree as a lasting tribute to Morven’s memory. Thank you to all our members and supporters from Elgin for celebrating with 
"We're like a family. We look out for each other on and off the court." Support our inspirational programmes this Christmas. Just 1 day left to have any donation, big or small, doubled in the 
Looking forward to all the nonprofit digital advent calendars kicking off tomorrow. If you spot one or are doing one, let me know! 
Visit the 
Fill In The Blank: My favorite Holiday emoji is ___.

See 
Advent starts today & the lead up to Xmas can trigger anxiety & stress for 
Just started my 
We can always rely on 
We know that Christmas can be stressful sometimes, so we want to support you in a way that suits you. We will be here Christmas Day and Boxing Day 6pm-10pm, and 3pm-10pm every other day 
 | Hibernian Chief Executive Leeann Dempster talks about the plans of 'Edinburgh Cheer', a goodwill campaign launched earlier today in partnership with Heart of Midlothian, the Edinburgh Evening News and NHS Lothian to help Edinburgh become the Capital of Goodwill
Day Three: What do you call a boomerang that does not come back?
....
A stick

Day Two: Why was the turkey in the pop group?
....
Because he was the only one with drumsticks!

Day One: What do you call a line of men waiting for a haircut?
....
A barberqueue

Who got tickets to our Christmas party??! 
Thank you to all the staff 
Great night last night at 
 It is the season of giving! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
Happy 1st of December ya filthy animals! Hands up who had gin for breakfast thanks to their 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! Decorations are up they look even better than last year! 
Lovely Christmas tree 
We are a bit slow off the mark but i'm sure 
Special festive event in store at 
CHRISTMAS GIVEAWAY DAY 3
Christmas coffees at Derby Arena 
It's the start of December & we're feeling all festive 
A reminder that our Christmas Market is taking place tomorrow 
So we made a Christmas Single! Money donated goes to homeless charities, people who’ll have nowhere to call home this Christmas. I’m counting on my book friends to RT so that we can share this as far and wide as possible. Thanks. Let’s all make a difference this Christmas 
12 ideas for vegan-friendly Christmas gifts. 
Happy 1st Dec Making cards for Hoppit 
Always a pleasure to catch up with the 
25th 26th Nov The Great Wetherby Racecourse Antiques Fair 
How do your pets handle the holidays?
WHO ELSE will be shopping online for 
VERY CUTE - Racing's very own version of the John Lewis advert from 
Great stocking stuffer ideas!
Over the hump of the week everyone & heading towards our first parkrun of December. Woo! 
During the month of December we will be Developing the Elf Workforce. Meet our new Christmas Interns travelling all the way from Lapland 
We have been busy putting up our 
What a ‘sweet’ place to hide 
HO HO HO!!! Kilmarnock Lights - we're excited! 
Today we kick off our 2017 ‘Make it a Centrestage Christmas’ campaign.

Here’s a festive flavour of what we have planned this year ... join us, get involved - let’s make it special! 


Guys, I have watched A Christmas Prince on Netflix and may I recommend it HEARTILY if you’re a fan of CGI snow, wolves and made up European royal dynasties. 5
Megan did her 1st Skydive to raise money for 
 with 
Come along and join our Christmas fayre Tuesday 3.30pm-5.30pm
Carols@TheFountain
Feeling Christmassy at Elderslie Christmas Lights Switch on! 
Not long to go! 
Thinking of what you want for 
Definitely December now! Feeling very festive in the NBS reception. Have a good weekend everyone 
For the jazz lover on your holiday shopping list...VANGUARD GIFT CERTIFICATES!  
Limited number of Tix available Friday @ Noon. All proceeds from the door go to 
So I’m probably about to offend everyone on twitter but due to current living situation I will not be partaking in getting an Xmas Tree or Decorations this Christmas 
T R E E D A Y 
Fantastic day for our first Christmas fair and what a turn out, thanks to all who made it so great. Also we raised just over £450 for 
The Christmas Fair is in full swing with free tours all day. Check out our insta stories for live updates 
All set up and ready to go 
 the beautiful festive EP @DecemberDaze from the ginger bread girl 
A staggering £2,600 plus from Christmas Bazaar 
Christmas jumpers, jingles & joy 
Christmas Bazaar officially open 
Christmas Bazaar tomorrow 
Representatives from each class visited the launch of Radnor Park Church's Christmas Tree Festival today, bringing Christmas wishes from all pupils to hang on the tree. 
Happy Londonversary to us 
These little chaps are waiting to decorate your Christmas cake... Selling them in boxes of 3 for £5.49 plus p&p. Telephone Poppy's on 07824 705364 or DM me 
 bringing our 
The Christmas decorations are going up at 
Tavs 
Had a great day. We made a whole colony of penguins and had great fun and ate a mountain of gingerbread 
It's smelling festive in the hive this morning, we're making our first batch of 
Good morning everyone. Come to Forth banks today and grab a label off the tree if you want to be involved in the Christmas Tree Project 
Here is Ryan from the front office at Forth Banks talking about why he is proud to work for 
First Saturday in December can mean only one thing... it's time to decorate the tree! 
Happy December everyone! 
December has arrived! 
How many Christmas Events can one 
Just under three weeks now until this Christmas event with 
Just ordered my copy. You should order yours! 
Quick peek at our 'nearly Christmas
Here are our 
when you get the night off 
Baby it’s warm inside . 
Join us tonight for our weekly quiz with 
Happy December everyone! Let the magic begin..... 
 Perfect Festive 
 is finally here and we're literally wasting 0 time getting into the Holiday spirit with 
Thank you to the teams from 
Our Christmas trees are up... Happy 1st of December 
CHRISTMAS IS HERE AND WE'VE BROUGHT BACK THE BEST PIZZAS EVER! 
It's Day 1 of our 
Great to see our station buzzing with a lot of festive visitors, our 
It’s the 1st of December woohooo! That only means one thing... 
DAY 4 - Decorating our foyer Christmas tree, with a little help from some of the photography students at 
Happy 1st December! We are starting to feel a little bit Christmassy here at Curtins HQ now the tree is up 
Amy West from Cash for kids. Let’s all get involved. No child should wake up without a gift on Christmas Day  
Tucked up warm & ready for a day full of adventures! Our 
It's beginning to look lovely and festive in our offices in The Old Pub! It was even snowing as we decorated the tree 
Well it's the 1st Dec which means only 1 thing...advent calendars for the 
The countdown is officially on. Are you not feeling the Christmas spirit yet? Check out the list of Christmas events in Bridgend to get a little joyful. 
Feeling festive? Join singers, schoolchildren and Mayor Mo Marsh 
The fantastic One Voice Choir from  
North East Concert Band entertained our visitors with fabulous Christmas carols in the bandstand today. 
Good morning everyone! 
On the first day of Christmas 
 Thank you to 
Crimbo trees aren’t getting any cheaper then! 
Pinch punch first of the month! Let’s get festive people 
Looking to drop those extra Christmas pounds? 
December dates available 
 Available dates in 2017 
 The Christmas holidays are just around the corner and our Christmas Soccer Schools are filling up fast.

Book now  
We're looking forward to two more township festive light switch ons coming up this eve. Baxenden at Southwood Drive/Manchester Rd & Great Harwood at Towngate. Fun starts 6.30pm at both events. 
Thank you to everyone who came along to the Countdown to Christmas & Firework Extravaganza in 
Just under 4 hours to go before the fun starts at tonight’s Christmas Countdown and Fireworks Show - join us from 5:15 pm for 
Only hours to go now to this eve's Christmas countdown and fireworks extravaganza in 
Congratulations to the Winners of our Kids’ Design a Christmas Card Competition sponsored by Accrington Market - we’re looking forward to presenting you with your prizes onstage at tonight’s Christmas Countdown event. 
Unpacking lots of East of India goodies.... 
We’ve had a wonderful time at the 
It may be cold in Walford, but this will warm your heart...
Christmas Craft Market 
Tonight (30th November) from 4:30 pm till 8:30 pm
Join on Thursday, 30th November for a festive event not to be missed...when we will be opening the doors to The Ballroom at Accrington Town Hall.
See you Thursday evening! 
Apple Jacks Xmas Line Dance 
Christmas Craft Market 
Thursday, 30th November, 4:30 pm till 8:30 pm
Join on Thursday, 30th November for a festive event not to be missed...when we will be opening the doors to The Ballroom at Accrington Town Hall.
See you Thursday evening! 
 7 Reasons Why You Should Be Excited for Harrogate Theatres Pantomime! 
Bit of Amazing dancing in 
CHRISTMAS GIVEAWAY
Off to Salford today to perform at my old college then tonight switching on Nelson Lights with 
Spaces are filling up for the Girls Christmas Camp 
Be bold with your 
& the lights are on!! 
Fantastic atmosphere in 
Brushing up my Morris Dancing skills at Rode Hall Christmas 
Elf is busy preparing for Santa’s arrival, so if you’ve booked a space we look forward to welcoming you to the hall for some festive fun 
Pit stop on the way home from Essex - Redbull, Chocolate and a Christmas CD 
tips from The House.. 
It's 1st December and time for our festive 
On the First day of December 
:

40 days until 
Starting off 12 Days of Christmas 
Up to 70% off SITEWIDE today for Cyber Monday! 
The Best Kind of Christmas Gift with 
LAST CHANCE! There's not long left to enter Day 2 of our Advent 
Almost Christmas lights time in Kiddy!
It’s  officially December in 
 Christmas highlights on 
It's beginning to smell a lot like Christmas! 
A special set build for a 
Welcome December
Thinking of putting a new phone under the tree this Christmas? 
It's less than month until Christmas!
Special Offer - 
9 million people intend to volunteer to help others this festive season - join in if you haven't already to spread some Christmas cheer!
 speaking passionately about both his own life and one of his favourite charities 
Today is the day it is fully okay to play Xmas tunes loud and proud! Here's us celebrating with 
For last minute 
It’s (almost) Christmas! and it’s only 1 more week until the ice rink returns to 
Thank you to everyone who visited my stall at the 
Perfect thank you 
Beautiful! 
IT'S COMPETITION TIME! 
And shes up!
The lovely ukulele players are entertaining the crowd at the second day of our Christmas Fair! Open til 8pm - come and enjoy some festive late night shopping 
We are so honoured to be hosting 
Christmas 
Looking forward to Carryduff Christmas Tree Lights Switch on this evening! Carryduff Regeneration Forum have done a fantastic job of organising along with  
Time to boogie at 
December 1!!! Which means full out holidays in my household!! 
Mirrorbaubles more like. Expect plenty of Christmas bangers and warming house, R&B and dancefloor classics from 11-2am tonight. FREE entry Christmas 
Our Christmas Season is GO 
Great Christmas 
Look what my lovely family did to my kitchen while I was away. Yes, that’s me on the decoration I made from an old margarine lid in preschool. 
Can you guys do me a favor and pass on a “Treason’s Greetings!” to 
Voila. Christmas Picnic. 
If you need me, I'll be right here, wrapping presents. 
Bruce and Kelly 
 This one is easy! 
 Let's open the 2nd door! 
 Happy Holiday Season 
Our Christmas Sub Tree is up!! 
 Treat yourself this Christmas to an awesome 
Introducing the calendar in december till christmas 
Kick off the 
'Tis the season 
Making spirits bright and breath fresh 
Need stocking stuffer ideas? Our holiday cocktail gummies make the perfect (and tasty) gift 
December is here! Let the holiday festivities commence 
here’s to a beautiful tree lighting
Free festivities are heading to 
Wow! Some Christmas 
 fab atmosphere in store today with the marching band and 
Nice little treat for a Sunday afternoon 
Stop by the tree lighting tonight in Boston at 85 Northern Ave as we sample our mini crab rolls + lobster bisque shooters and 
Woo woo!! Day 1 of Nerdmas is LIVE on the Facebook page now.... follow the link for your chance to win a @TheBodyShop24 Days of Beauty Advent Calendar 
ALL NERD HERDERS... today is officially Day 1 of the 
And don't be afraid to use your Christmas tree decorations on the dinner table 
Tucking into some delightful treats from 
Its Christmas at 
Ready for daddyshomemovie 
Christmas time is almost here, so we've pulled in Santa Baby to spread some Iconic cheer! Not just 1, not just 2, we have 12 festive offers to see you through! 
Opening hours up until Christmas 
The Giving Tree is back! Pick up a tag, buy a gift & drop it off at our Customer Service Desk for the Instant Neighbour elves to deliver to deprived children this Christmas 
"It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas..." 
Today I've gutted and cleaned the house (downstairs), put the decs up 
  Time tables for 1st, 2nd & 5tg yr Christmas tests here
Watching the Toy Show in New York
Tis the season! 
Celebrate the festive season with London Irish 
Berlin has more museums than rainy days per year on average! So there's plenty to do after browsing the Christmas markets... 
It’s December and Christmas 
Feeling all Christmassy (and warm!) thanks to 
Cock-A-Hoop to have snaffled a 
This sneaky little guy scared the bejeebers out of us this morning as we arrived at 
The festive season at 
Christmas at Coworth! 
Christmas is just around the corner and we are 
It's the first day of December and Hôtel Plaza Athénée's advent calendar is back! 
. . . and . . . it’s up! 
 is definitely showing the Christmas spirit in the stores 
This action packed show will thrill the entire family! 
Surprise your loved ones with tickets to share in the magic of the season!  
No plans yet this weekend? How about a Christmas Market! 
 is beginning to look oh-so festive...


I spoke to Rudolph and it's his fave Christmas treat. Mine is Bread Sauce. We're all different I guess. X 
Happi from the west bridgford school selling Christmas treats at the YouNG Christmas market
The YouNG team have landed safely back in the UK and would like to say a huge thank you for everyone involved from Slovakia for a fantastic trip and superb hospitality, see you all in December 
Beautiful crane 
Tuesday 19th December, its the RUSHCLIFFE CHRISTMAS CONCERT!!! Buy your tickets now from the music department 
What could be better than giving the gift of yoga for a healthy body and mind at Christmas?
 | A huge thank you to everyone who joined us for the Christmas Light switch on at Royal Stoke University Hospital this afternoon. 


 | Christmas lights switch on at Royal Stoke University Hospital.


Spiced Apple Cider Tea by the Tree... That’s it guys, fricking nailed Xmas 
Sending tonnes of Christmas cheer and happiness back to you all 
Santa Claus and Tony rocking around the Christmas Tree 
It’s the Nettleham Christmas Market today! Cllr Giles McNeill, said: "I am delighted to be able to support such a wonderful community event with part of my Councillor Initiative Fund." 
It will take place today between 3pm & 7pm in the village. 
 Contemporary Christmas Market 'Gifted' returns with a selection of FREE workshops and some tasty food stalls! 
Beautiful pictures Heather! They really make us feel Christmassy! 
Every child deserves a gift under the tree. - Can you afford to buy an extra gift for a child who might not receive one this Christmas?
Had a ball in Birmingham at the 
Liked 
Gorgeous Christmas tree 
Very exciting - had an interview today at 
5FH enjoying ice skating 
A fabulously festive morning at 
Just a little reminder about our upcoming Christmas Fayre!!!  All welcome 
Calm restored to 
Crilly Christmas Jumpers 
The moment 
Ready for the Christmas Lights in Collingham...any excuse to wear the flashing jumper
If you’re in the Collingham area, come and join us this afternoon. 
Looking forward to this tomorrow. I might even wear the Christmas jumper
We’re counting down to Xmas with a 
Yay, time to start getting excited for Christmas 
it's time 
Our friends 
4,000+ of you voted to find the UK’s most popular Christmas market. Congrats to Lincoln Christmas Market 
We’re back at 
We wonder what festive treat the 
Countdown to Christmas has begun 
Getting festive 
It's nearly tiiiime!!!! 

 Check out the Festive Fortnight Advent Calendar to see what volunteering projects you can get involved in to spread some Christmas cheer 
 Celebrate Christmas in London 
Come and join us for our KS1 Christmas Nativity
Christmas Student Party | 
Give something back this 
 is wholly unacceptable in 2017 
You know it’s beginning to feel like Christmas when 
All I want for Christmas is printing credits 
This looks great!
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas!....
Preparation for the famous 
Tomorrow is Dec 1st. That can only mean one thing...CHRISTMAS STARTS 
Should 
Last M1 League game before 
With the snow falling, Durham is an amazing Winter Wonderland and it's beginning to look a lot like 
Get crafty for Christmas with 
My nephew sent me a homemade Christmas card 
Seems like the perfect time to show the best Scottish Christmas TV ad ever 
Well played 
This little 
It's time to open the first door in 
IT’S OFFICIALLY CHRISTMAS SEASON 
*singing* "Alllll I Want For Christmas Issssss Yoooooooooooouuuuuuuuuu!"

Happy 1st of December everyone! 
Your Christmas 2017 table? 
Comm Affairs & Domestic Violence held a tree trimming party at a local shelter. Thanks to Janine who donated the


O N L Y  2 7  D A Y S

          
VLOGMAS - DAY 2! 
 UK Premiere 
‘Tis the season thanks to our friends at 
IWCR Christmas bazaar starting soon 
"Elf on the Shelf" is based on a 2004 book about an elf sent by Santa to monitor kids' behavior 
For decades, Americans have debated whether real or fake Christmas trees are better. What do you pick—the environment or tradition? 
ICYMI: From the Venice Sign Holiday Lighting to the Sleepy Hollow Christmas Lights Extravaganza in Torrance, these are the best holiday lights in L.A. 
This Saturday night join the 
There's a new Hallmark movie tonight! Check out my latest blog post for the full lineup! Happy watching! 
Watch an exclusive clip from 
Will you be ENCHANTED this CHRISTMAS 
Hi Everyone please check out 
I wish my mom was alive to watch 
Yay!!! Counting down 
I loved meeting you 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas...
Please join us this Wednesday November 22nd at the Barrhaven United Church at 7:30pm for an evening of fun and creative floral arrangements. 
The 2nd Annual 
Tis the season to be jolly 
Rocking around the NAU tree 
You are officially invited to 
 reunited! Team dinner at 
Experience the magic of 
The first sign of 
Happy Christmas! It’s the Petersfield Christmas Festival and the Alton Yuletide Festival today and to celebrate you can park for free in all EHDC car parks. Enjoy the festivals! 
Come along this Sunday and see Petersfield turned in a festive wonderland!
Friday procrastination bought to you by#AspectSnowman 
!  Which type of advent calendar do you most prefer?  
We’ve been discussing when we can decorate the office.... we are torn! What do you think? 
It's a busy time around Cliveden now and not just in the garden. Our committed volunteers have started preparing Christmas decorations for the estate. Very soon we'll see twinkling lights and dazzling baubles hanging in the trees 
 LAST CHANCE! 
We raised £197 on our Christmas Raffle! A massive thank you to everyone who bought tickets and to the Two Brothers for allowing us to hold to draw there.
We made an amazing £735 at our Christmas sale on Saturday! Thankyou to everyone who came & shopped & all our volunteers who came & helped
Our Christmas sale! 4th November at Moorlands community centre! 
Christmas Daily Deals
With the festive season officially here, we're spending our weekend snuggled up with 
Now it's December, who is putting their Christmas tree up this weekend? We love all the decorations in 
Make Christmas shopping easy with the Princesshay Gift Card 
Look what our Bistro Elf made! 
Thank Biro it's Friday! 
Enjoy your 
There’s still time to pick up an advent calendar before tomorrow. Visit 
Yo Exeter! We're having a Tweet Up on Thursday, Christmas style. RSVP & share the love  
Happy 1st of December everyone! We've made our own biology themed 
Aaaaw need to go Christmas Markets, I love this time of year 
LOVE this shot by 
Get some good holiday karma by greening your 
1st December means one thing... 
The countdown to Christmas has begun!! 
Looking for a fresh 
Have you got your 
'Perceptions' by 
You won't be lost for something to do in 
Head down to Newton Abbot library this weekend for Christmas arts and crafts 
Less than 3 weeks to go before school Christmas holidays start
First Turkey main courses of the year now being served 
Barely 10 mins and we’ve already got FOUR trolleys full of presents at 
A haven in the madness that is the Bath Christmas Market! 
Christmas is on its way! We are thrilled by 
We have our very own 
What a great idea! 
Pick up one of our Christmas Platter leaflets in stores now - or simply order on-line at 
Our selection of Sweet & Savoury Festive Platters are available to order now at 
Great Tastes of Christmas from Birds. 
Our Chocolate Orange Sticks. A rich dark Belgian chocolate with a zesty orange candied fruit filling - delicious! 
Birds Mince Pies with Fresh Cream - The Great Tastes of Christmas 
Great News, from next week you'll be able to order some special seasonal Sweet and Savoury Christmas Platters - we'll keep you in touch 
IT'S DECEMBER!! 
Personalised gift vouchers available to purchase on our website 
Thank you everyone for coming to support us today! 
We’re here and all set up! 
Having a great time at the Great Missenden Christmas Evening 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas on Towers Street! 
Christmas is nearly here: 
Santa and his elf pay an early visit to check the preparation for the light switch on Wednesday 6th December. 
Great Christmas family fun event tonight 
 Day 3 of 
 - Thursday 30th November 
Looking for a quirky stocking filler? 
Teddington lights up on 30th Nov 
Due to very high demand we have our most popular, reindeer shirt back in stock now 
These are literally favourite Mr Kipling cakes to eat I wait all year round for Christmas to get 
“It’s so festive in here!” says Emma. Christmas has indeed come early as the gang head upstairs and indulge in some mince pies before the 
Our Secret Garden Room 
Christmas exites me too much


5 weeks to go 
Enter the festive season and discover Clarins Festive Jewels. 
Not yet been in to see the Grand's 15ft Christmas tree? We hope to welcome you over the festivities 
Best Christmas Movie:
BOOK YOUR SPARKLING CHRISTMAS PARTY AT CROWNE PLAZA! Enjoy delicious gourmet dining & great entertainment: Book now 
 looking magical. 
Who's coming to St Georges Market for the first night of the Twilight Market tonight?
Our office is feeling festive with our housing themed Christmas tree 
It’s ugly sweater season n I have mine ready to go. What do  u think? Make your ugly sweater party memorable with 
Keselowski family Christmas 
Just a quick few photos from the wonderful Switching 
 - THANKYOU FOR THE BEST SERVICE .. all these guys were extra nice and extra happy or something. 
Let the Christmas season begin!! 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas our old 
Nothing but Christmas songs plzzzzz drive
We are almost ready to open the doors to our Christmas market this weekend 1-3 & 8-10 of December 
Our huge Christmas tree has arrived 
10 words you need to understand Christmas in Germany 
It's December which means it's practically Christmas 
Make sure you get your 
We're big fans of the amazing work 
Gorgeous gift ideas from 
Quick flick 
Whoops how did this happen!!! 
Yay !! We’re spreading some Christmas magic today 
One of our many volunteers helping us get ready for tomorrow's Christmas collection 
Don't forget the children can dress in non-uniform tomorrow in return for a donation for the FOBS Christmas Fair. Items gratefully received are: unwanted gifts, tins, biscuits, jars of sauce, sweets, bottles of drink or toys. Your support is much appreciated.
Christmas Fayre next Fri 8th Dec. If anyone can help ‘man’ a stall, pls let 1 of Friends know. 
Join us in Manchester for our last bar modelling session of 2017. Special festive bar modelling problems included 
As always, 
We know what’s on our Christmas wishlist... 
No mince pies left in 
You guys I went ALL OUT!! 
Our home for the holidays 
Just in time for the Holidays, 
Black Friday sale starts TONIGHT at 9pm pst! 40% off all lip products and 30% off palettes (all Kyshadow palettes, Koko Face Palette and Skinny Dip Face Duo) 
Got old TMNT toys? Make mutated holiday garland! 
'Tis the season to be dancing!
December is not just for Holidays!!!! It is a month full of laughs 
We need your help! We're holding a Christmas event for our elderly residents on Joseph’s Road in 
Yesterday was day 1 of the 
It’s Christmas time at Riuh!! Head on over to APW, Jalan Riong Bangsar and to meet Ivan and join in the fun, food and cheer! 
  Let the countdown begin 
Today is all about the festive season 
This Saturday !! 
[checks calendar]


Ok it’s officially December! I can start playing Christmas music & the best way to kick off the month is with 
Our resident elf (otherwise known as Hank) is a regular Clark Griswold and, after working her magic, I must say - Garage Fishtown is festive AF right now!
See!!! Kirsty’s got my back! Lay off me... 
This was a barrel of laughs. Worth a listen. Plus Josh recorded a Xmas story for us al. You just have to wait til Xmas to hear it 
TODAY! Get along to 
From 
There's only 41 days left until Christmas! Get into the spirit early and party with us 
It's never too early to listen to Christmas music. Especially when it's 
It’s less than a month ‘til Christmas! Who else is putting up their tree this weekend?
Which makes you feel more festive: Christmas wreaths or tinsel? Tell us your pick! 
CALLING ALL CRAP WRAPPERS...


What's the secret behind the perfect 
Gloves are in 
Everyone’s festive for the 
Country Christmas with the babe! 
This could take all night...
Date Night: Christmas Tree 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas in the President Pro Tempore Office. 
Happy December!! Spend this month with us at 
Call me 
If anyone insists on buying us a Christmas 
RETWEET if you're feeling as festive as the NINE-NINE! 
The magic happens tonight from 6-10pm in 
2nd Day of Christmas 
All I want for Christmas is RI Teacher Training 
So much to see and do this week! Take a look at some of our holiday suggestions: 
It's December 2017.
Please read what 
Good morning Everyone! Our TREE LIGHTING CEREMONY 
Save the date: The Brit + Co Holiday House opens December 1st in SF! 
Today's the day! The 
23 days until Christmas, but who’s counting? I’ve got your wish list all ready for you legends 
Tonight's the night! Get your hot chocolate and candy canes ready & tune into 
The sun has come out for our second Village Christmas at Prince Alfred Park in Surry Hills 
hey theatre nerds...check out this frickin cool pop up that 
EXCLUSIVE!!!
30 tickets released for our press night on 7th Dec 2017 
Starting tomorrow! Get over 100 coins and you could win an iPad Mini 2, Samsung tablet or an Amazon Kindle playing Jingle JET. We'll also be donating to 
Leave the cooking to us and enjoy a delicious Christmas feast at 
Looking for a fantastic holiday toy guide? 
The giant Christmas tree 
Feeling festive 
Holiday treats from G’s 
Deck the halls with our giovane cafe holiday desserts! Stop by & pre-order your holiday cake(s) today. 
Huge 
The Downtown St. John's Christmas Parade Is A Go! 
WE TRIPLE DOG DARE YOU to join us for the ultimate holiday favourite - ‘A Christmas Story’

Friday, December 1st, 2017
Doors at 7pm + film at 8pm
ONLY $5 + a non-perishable food donation

Join us for games, eats, beers, prizes & a whole lotta Christmas!
It's a party !! 


Huge shoutout to 
More importantly I found the one and only 
 We are restocked with our mini condo size Christmas trees in stock 
A huge thank you to the amazing first group this morning 
Only 2 weeks away!  We are so excited for our 4th annual Holiday Market 
Prepping for the Wreath workshop this morning 
We still have post left for our Wreath Making Workshop.  Join us either December 2 or 3 
You know you're from Canada when the Ontario Government declares the first Saturday of December 
The trees are here! Sales start at 12PM today - join us beside the ticket tent at 
 thanks for our Ontario grown Christmas tree! 
It's that time of year! Here's a few gift-giving ideas that can 
We're ready for some muletide cheer. 
Launching our Christmas in the Community programme this year is the 
The Christmas spirit and Celebrations have started! 
 is finally here and we're literally wasting 0 time getting into the Holiday spirit with 
So excited for all this Christmas 
 Seen our advent calendar on Instagram Stories yet? 

Make sure you check it out each day for stats, videos, photos and the chance to win a few money can’t buy prizes! 
Feeling festive yet? Bring the whole family and join us for a morning of 
It's starting to look a lot like Christmas
SCOUT CHRISTMAS POST IS BACK!!! 
Get your Christmas Appeal Badges here: 
 1 MONTH 
Have a festive and fun filled weekend with Etsy Made Local. Full event info here: 
Love Christmas shopping almost as much as the big day with Etsy Made Local. Full info: 
Well and truly got my Christmas tingle on! You HAVE to go and watch 
'Tis the season......
Who better to find under the Christmas tree than singer/songwriter/heartthrob 
Thanks to everyone who took part in day 1 of the 
Our Christmas Tree has arrived at Margaret Thatcher House, Romford - looking forward to the annual "Carols Round The Christmas Tree" with the Royal British Legion Band & Corps of Drums later this month! 
St. Mary's School Christmas Fair is always one of the best! Thank you to parents, staff and pupils for their warm Christmas welcome today to me and my Hornchurch (Hylands Ward) team Maggie Themistocli, Ciaran White and Christine Smith - loved my St.Mary's Christmas Pudding!
Proud to be asked to officially open the refurbished Ashbrook Nursing Home in Chase Cross this afternoon - a wonderful home for those who need the best care in a homely setting with kind and dedicated staff. Thank you to Rosemary and her team. So lovely to meet residents too! 
Thank you to the Collier Row Community Group for getting our Christmas festivities off to a magnificent start this evening by organising such a great celebration for the whole community in North Romford! Happy Christmas to one and all! 
Christmas Tree 
THANK YOU! 
Thank you for doing what you do guys lot of happy parents and kids this xmas £15k and counting 
James Nesbitt recalls his favourite 
RockFMCharity: Thank you for your support  StOswaldsCPS 
CashforKidsNI: RT coolfm: THANK YOU! SantaDashBfast was the biggest yet. Over 700 of you joined us and covered Belfast's streets in a sea of red
Great fun hanging out with 
Great 
Great Christmas event and Fog Lane switch on tonight. Well done to 
Show your some community some love tonight. Be a part of the festive fun from 5:30 @ St Nicholas church. There’s plenty on for all the family + afterwards we have home made mince pies + mulled wine
Even 
Use code FREEPUG for FREE SHIPPING on our website!!!

Why not treat your dog to a new collar or harness this Christmas! 


5 weeks to go 
Don't forget to head to the end of Bath Street to find more of our wonderful chalets 
5 weeks today it will be Christmas Day 
There's plenty of stocking-fillers available courtesy of 
Vlogmas day one is now up on my MoreZoella Youtube channel 
Day 2 of our Digital Advent Calendar & today Our pasta trader 'Osteria Della Pasta' want to 
DAY 1 of our Digital 
Go check out my new DIY Christmas video featuring the 
Want to 
Had a fab time at our 16-25 Mencap Youth Club yesterday 
Imagine a city made for Christmas...
We can’t wait to see you! The queues are ready for your arrival 
There are 
Time to get festive! 
Feeling festive? Join singers, schoolchildren and Mayor Mo Marsh 
Wondering what to put under the tree for your little one this year? We've got 10 brilliant gift ideas for little ones this Christmas 
Keep curious minds busy over Christmas with these 10 brilliant gift ideas for little ones 
We're getting ready for the festive season, come along to one of our fab family events before Christmas and try something new! 
Merry Christmas to friends and family instead of cards I've bought some supplies for 
Decorations on and presents underneath our Christmas tree 
It's starting to look festive 
 Have a Duggee Christmas with the latest issue, in shops now! 
2day we had a donation in lieu of Xmas cards. The expense of Xmas adds 2 financial pressure of women who already struggle 2 pay 4 these products. They will benefit from this act of kindness & know that someone out there is looking out 4 them during their difficult times 

It might be too soon to mention this, but...

Christmas trees! Every year we fell some Scot's pines at Wildmoor Heath as part of our woodland management there.

Come to our Christmas tree sale next weekend (9th-10th December) and get yourself a tree that doesn't cost the earth 
 we are OPEN! 
 love all my Wilko Christmas ornaments 
Looking for unique 
Christmas Day fun sorted, thanks to 
 With great new shops, bars and restaurants opened in 2017, plus ample car parking and stress-free public transport options, Christmas shopping in Nottingham is a breeze!  
1st December, it’s that time of year again! Have you spotted our tree out at 91 Brick Lane? 
We’re getting into the 
and we're selling merch - perfect for Christmas presents! 
Thanks to all who came along to our Xmas pub quiz! £1650 raised 
Happy December Eve! 
Tis the season to for eating, drinking, dancing and being merry. 
It officially Mulled Wine season! 
Honey and 'Lights' and all things nice. 
Who else is going to see 
Christmas Private Dining for 10-45 guests! 
We have some late availability for 
Christmas Groups
Fill your stockings right up! 
Preparations under way for the 
Getting that festive feel 
The moment RTÉ's Christmas lights were turned on 
 fab atmosphere in store today with the marching band and 
Nice little treat for a Sunday afternoon 
This afternoons Victorian Carol Service at All Saints Parish Church was a wonderful way to end the Christmas Tree Festival. 
Just a few more of the fantastic trees at Aldridge Christmas Tree Festival today. 
After dinner with us at Stix and stones this December .....
We are feeling the festive love 
Not to be missed 
The Russian santa, Winterberry gin and Plum&Clove Bourbon Smash 
Great nite 
Good job 
With Christmas fast approaching we have the perfect holiday solution.

Our Christmas Soccer Camps are on and all days are £10 each!!!. 
Holy Cross Athletics is kicking off the holiday 
 shoe boxes dropped off to 
This looks great!
 Happy 1st December 
Happy 1st of December! 
If you want to watch again... here you go!
Musicals week on 
Merry Christmas 
Wearing 
This evening is our first Late Night Shopping event. Locally-made, handcrafted gifts will be available from Middleport Studios , 
Putting your tree up this weekend? Don't forget to tag us in your decorations pictures! 
Donations needed for our 
Hi Leia Reid reporting from Keel Square where we're waiting for the light switch on!! 
Centenary would make a very fine Christmas 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
Only 1 more sleep until the 
The tree is lighting here at Smithfield 
Market stalls and kids entertainment now on in 
Join us and 
We promised you festive pavs, so we are bringing you festive pavs
We call them our Christmas 
Currently getting prepped for 
Happy 1st December!
If you haven't heard it already, please listen to and download 'O Holy Night' all the money raised is going to 
 Well it's all over for another year 
All profits from the sale of these 


O N L Y  2 3  D A Y S

          
It’s beginning to look a lot like 
Seems like the perfect time to show the best Scottish Christmas TV ad ever 
HAPPY DAY! Tomørrow I am posting exclusive clothing for sale. It is 
Not quite so healthy but definitely getting us in the 
NEW: Blogmas Day 3 | 30 things that make me happy at Christmas 
 In a choir? Looking for 
1st of December! Lets get merry!
Looking for some 
Don't forget to use 
Welcome to day 2 of Flaremas, check out my Christmas Jumper Haul!
Technic's Blogger's Haul Christmas Gift Set Reviewed! Perfect For Any Makeup Loving Gal 
Leighton Denny's Two Of A Kind Christmas Collection Reviewed! It's The Perfect Stocking Filler 
30 Christmas Blog Post Ideas! (Perfect For Blogmas) 
NEW: Blogmas Day 3 | Christmas Party Outfit Ideas! 
NEW: Blogmas Day 2 | 50 Blogmas Post Ideas 
Hurry up morning!!! 
You all made it feel like Christmas at The Grove last week! 
Yay! 
 who’s coming to the 
GIVEAWAY
Blogmas - Week One | Christmas Gift Guide 
20 blog post ideas for 
NEW POST || Decorating for Christmas!! 
HAPPY SATURDAY! Who is putting up their Xmas tree this weekend? 
We are playing on 
Wristbands NOW AVAILABLE for collection for 
You can get 
We’ve got a very special giveaway for you, there are 5 of these LIMITED edition Advent Calendars to be given away today. Money can’t buy these anywhere! Tweet us why you should win by 4pm to get it in time for December 1st. 
1st big turkey Christmas 
Out, two nights on the bounce!
Must be Christmas 
Still got presents to buy? 
Fully in the festive spirit - any excuse for chocolate for breakfast right? 
In case you didn't know...IT'S DECEMBER 1ST! 
Thank you so much To David Jones and Cathy Keefe for making our team Christmas 
Countdown to Christmas has finally begun with 
Christmas is coming! 
My essay at Clash Media...
smiley Max 
Catch the last hour of the Holiday Open House TONIGHT at Carr's Hill 
Need to do a little holiday shopping this weekend? Let this inspire you!
One of favorite holiday memories 
Thanks for this photo 
TONIGHT: Sunday December 3 Greenville TN Niswonger Performing Arts Center 7:30 PM 
Want access to our Holiday Open House on Monday? It's an exclusive event for My Pelicans Members but the good news is you can join My Pelicans today! Membership is FREE! Monday includes 
Add some 
It’s officially 
At these farms and forests, finding the perfect 
For you & whoever else is in LA tomorrow 
DECEMBER 1ST MOOD
I’ve got hos in different area codes. 
•
• 
We’re LIVE in Central Park at Harlem Meer for caroling, ice carving and holiday cheer! 
Sometimes all it takes is a little Christmas magic. 
 Dec. 5! 
Santa and Mason from the 
Christmas time in SF 
It's not quite as tall as the 
It's officially December!
Representing at the Encinitas Holiday Parade! 
We’re super excited to be welcoming 
Heading out for some Christmas shopping at 
 to all our followers and customers! 
HURRY! 
"It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas" 
Doing your 
Briggs Auto is a Proud Sponsor of Manhattan’s Festival of Lights! 
The Budd family
Now available in-store, along with a new christmas-y flavour 'Billionaire Shortbread' 
If you feel like getting festive, take a decorating tip or two from 
Thanks for tuning in to 
Giveaway time (hopefully in time for Christmas)! RT + F for a chance to win. No giveaway blogs. International, as long as BD ships to you (sorry for anyone this excludes. 
 It's time for our 
Featuring 
1st December and that means IT'S CHRISTMAS! 
Happy 1st of December! 

Time to open your advent calendar, put up the tree... and book your tickets for 
Feel the joy this holiday season
One month to go... 
When you realise there's only FIVE WEEKS until 
 
Video coming Friday. Song available TOMORROW in The Christmasaurus: The Musical Edition. 
And we have a winner! While there were many fantastically ugly Christmas sweaters in today’s class, new company member Oliver Paul Adam’s festive outfit takes the cake. 
RIP C
It’s officially Nutcracker season! 
Current movie status. Muppets Christmas Carol!! 
Ah, the wonders of keeping Christmas gift shopping lists as secure notes and pdf receipts in 
 How to make your Xmas parties extra special 
All I have to do is put on red lipstick and WHA-LA Xmas. 
So overwhelmed with all the 
 She’s here! Join 
Have an hour spare this weekend? Why not pop along to the Centre to join in with some festive fun. We'll be... 
Day 12 of the 12 Days of Christmas Fayre Countdown 
I’ve had a lovely Christmassy afternoon wearing my Xmas jumper, listening to 
Lots of happy helpers from 
 | A huge thank you to everyone who joined us for the Christmas Light switch on at Royal Stoke University Hospital this afternoon. 


 | Christmas lights switch on at Royal Stoke University Hospital.


Lovely messages like this have to be shared with our awesome volunteers for all the time they gave up to organise the Christmas 
So much festive fun at our Christmas
We can't wait! 
you look fab First Minister. So pleased that you remembered 
Who's coming to our concert this Friday? It sure will be a good'un so make sure you don't miss it! 
It's not too late to book your Christmas Party! Get in touch now to reserve your space and have access to our special drinks offers! 
We're one of the 
This beautiful Christmas tree is welcoming visitors at Ebbw Vale Learning Action Centre 
Meet the SWFRS safety elf who’s checking lights before putting the decs up this weekend - have you checked yours? 
Happy 1st of December! May the advent calendars begin and the Michael Buble tunes play 
What an ideal place for family gathering this Christmas 
Look what our Bistro Elf made! 
Our Christmas roadshow rolls into Asda in Weymouth today, 10am to 2pm. Come on down to talk to us about reducing, reusing and recycling. Plus you can pick up some wonderful Christmas recipe cards and enter our free draw to win a cookbook! 
Trying out a new 
Today! Beckenham Christmas on the Green, 12-5.30pm > live entertainment, food, drink & craft stalls, streetfood, kids’ funfair, Rudolph carrot hunt & more! Join the Xmas parade at 4pm starting from Bec Rec and finishing on the Green for the Christmas Lights Switch-on at 5pm
Beckenham has an early Christmas present - this our new tree on The Green!  Make sure you’re here by 5pm for the Beckenham Christmas Lights switch-on & community carol singing ! 
Do you have a specific day when you put up your 
Colourful Friday in the Gallery 
The lovely people over at 
When you realise Christmas is only 22 days away 
Gorgeous
Moments away from welcoming hundreds of people to our first Snowman showing this Christmas. Hohoho 
That is so cute 
Give someone a deeper understanding of their garden wildlife this Christmas with our year-round Garden BirdWatch Survey: 
 Hey guys, I’m dropping into London on 9th December at a secret location and am running a… 
Announcing our 2017 
Can we mention the C word yet? We're at 
Fun morning making
Sum up of 
Spotted on Peachtree Street: Christmas! 
If you are popping into uni during the festive 
Don't forget that the Christmas Markets at George Sq and St Enoch Sq are now open - pop down for great food & drink, festive gifts and entertainment! 
The annual 
The George Square Christmas Market opens tomorrow! 
Well, the 
The Plymouth Christmas Market is looking great this year! 
First day of Christmas
We intend to celebrate December in style. With 
Just had a lil’ seasonal spruce-up. How do I look? 
Step into Christmas with our wonderful fair on Friday 8th December from 5-8pm. Santa is waiting! 
Feeling flamboyant? Explore our unconventional decorations for a tree that will turn heads this Christmas 
Pinch, punch, first of the month! Happy 1st of December, Trouva community
THIS SUNDAY
Thank you to the teams from 
Come along tomorrow for this gorgeous event to get you feeling warm and Christmassy! 
I'm taking part in the 
One in ten workers plan to hit on their boss at office Christmas parties – you've been warned  
Going to be a Christmas 
As much as it is too early for 
London's Heart Breakfast team photo with our Christmas winners Elizabeth, Emma and Sophia! Lots of thoughtful gifts for all 
Rise and shine.. IT'S CHRISTMAS!! 
 Christmas break is just around the corner!  Take the opportunity to brush up on your presentation skills with 
"If you haven’t been to the cinema yet with your kids, I say dive straight in" 
A fun evening out to round off Heart Team Day last night and seeing the launch of 
Today we have launched our 2017 Christmas campaign. Our three special Junior Detectives are out and about to 
6 WEEKS TODAY 
WE ARE OPEN TODAY 
Gift Sets

That’s one way to transport your Christmas tree! 
 will have a very special guest at the 
Fancy a £5,000 spending spree? Keep listening to find out how you can win a 
Get that festive feeling at 
Come on down on Sunday to the 
 starts today! Join us for coffee and mulled cider and pick up your tree from 
playing a bunch of holiday radio shows this december!!
We have launched our 
It's the
Don’t forget to buy your tickets online at 
Lovely family pic of Shane Richie with his children 
These 9 places are offering a delicious and festive Christmas afternoon tea throughout December 
Excited to get festive today by checking out 
We will be counting down to Christmas with 24 top tips for running a cracking crowdfunding campaign 
Have you heard? 
Happy 1st of December from your favourite elf's. 
Come down to Stirling High today 10-2 to get our stress relief products 
S5/6 Hospitality feeling festive making mince pies after working extremely hard all week
Wonderful tree light ceremony 
Another exciting day in Schenectady! Our community comes together tonight in the holiday spirit for the first annual tree lighting ceremony 
The tree at our hotel entrance is looking ELECTRIC! Spend a holy night with us this season 
We’re getting extra festive this year thanks to 
Our holiday tree from 
Hana and I had an amazing night.  THANK YOU for organising 
NEED A SPECIAL LIMITED EDITION CHRISTMAS PRESENT??? ?
Getting festive 
Getting in the spirit! 
Fantastic showcase of our very talented pupils' photographic skills - let the Christmas shopping begin... Please contact the school office with orders FAO Mrs Noble 
Our first week of Christmas Double features starts tonight! 
TIDINGS
Thank you all for your help - we're delighted to introduce Rowie the Elf. His first stop is to the beautiful Christmas tree at the Castlegate. Did you know Aberdeen is gifted a Christmas tree from our friends in Stavanger?
Looking for a 
Christmas is a busy time of year, so we’re doing all we can to get you where you want to be. More info: 
 These days,  and just because it is 
December is here! 
Feeling festive yet? 
Votes are in and we have an early Christmas present for you!
Don't miss out on the CRAZIEST holiday fun in London! 
It was amazing to see the 
The festive season has officially arrived in Edinburgh, and there's lots going on over the coming weeks to get you into the Christmas spirit! 
On the first day of December anexpatabroad gave to me, a complete guide of festivities to see
Yucky weather today somehow makes this even more of a good read
To get you in the festive spirit we have Nigel Slater’s ‘The Christmas Chronicles’ 
My Christmas tree will be better than yours this year. 
Just under an hour to go until 
The most handsome bauble you ever did see... 
It’s opening night 
Brilliant Christmas shopping opportunity...  and maybe a little sample or two... 
It's December, and that means IT'S 
BRILLIANT time sharing my wardrobe stories on 
SATURDAY NIGHT GIVEWAY! 

It's Day 2 of our 
Biggest Christmas tree in Camden? 
Happy 1st of December one and all! 
It’s Christmas Market time! 
buzzing for the pantomine 10 days to go see 
 | It's day 
Join us ONE week today at the 
Easier said than Dundee. See you tonight 
Dec 22nd! We join 
P5b enjoyed creating their posters for the 
December Update 
Successful first singing session for our Christmas celebration with both P6 classes 
Calling all budding young artists ... 

TONIGHT! Christmas came early 
The Lemon Twigs (
Last Christmas by George Michael and River by Joni Mitchell are the two best Christmas carols because they’re really just sad romantic songs that take place at Christmas. 
My craftsy friends who know 
It's the most wonderful time of the year. The first day of 
Our favourite Christmas tree so far - the 
Hi Everyone please check out 
Can’t believe it’s December! Excited for the fun Christmas videos/pics I’ll be posting this month! 
Finally finished decorating my first big 
A Christmas playlist!!
Yay!!! Counting down 
I loved meeting you 
Come join us to start the season off right!!! Me and 
It’s time to get into the Christmas Spirit! 
Only one month to 
 When she's not climbing it, she's napping underneath it. 
Stockists, have you entered our 
Buy tickets! Get festive! S'gunna be a good one! 
A Very Drumpf Christmas 
We’re counting down the 
What can be more festive than a cup of Pact's Christmas blend?  Get in the festive spirit and get your hands on a bag, available now on the Pact shop! 
Who says November is to early to get into the Xmas mood? 
Out on a school night (sort of) with the 
Die Hard is one of my all time favorite action films....  That being said, 
Proud to be part of such a heartwarming event 
Decoration Time 
Be sure to keep this in mind during the holidays 
 No matter whether you've been hauling home a tree for decades, or this is your first attempt… Here’s where to cut your own Christmas tree! 
Real or Fake? You decide! 
Hey!!

You still have time to shop our Holiday & Christmas sale!! We've discounted a whole bunch of my most favorite merch for you to choose from! 

Don’t miss out on getting some cute stuff for your sweet ones!


Happy Saturday! Have you shopped our Holiday & Christmas sale yet?! We've discounted a whole bunch of my most favorite merch for you to choose from! Don't miss out & get your hands on some cute stuff for your sweet ones!

2 DAYS 
12.1.17 
What’s your FAV Christmas tradition? 
December is HERE!!! 
Loving the new Holiday bonnet from beforebedheadz 
Congrats!  Just in time for the guitar player on your Christmas list!
'Tis the season! 
saw 
yes i will...cannot wait to finally spend some qt with my family 
All wrapped up for a day of festivities around Nottingham, feeling so ready for Christmas now. Will be vlogging on my insta stories
We're taking 12 fab bloggers to some our our great Independents for 
We're hosting a Virtual Christmas party for the elf-employed over on Facebook on 14th December. Join us here: 
Only 105 days until Christmas and 74 until our first party night! 
The beautiful staircase 
Have yourself a merry little cocktail... 
Happy 1st of December 
It's the most wonderful time of the year! Tune in to hear your favorite Christmas songs on the NextRadio app today! 
If you want to hear the FIRST Christmas song of the season, tune in NOW... Indy's Christmas Station goes live at MIDNIGHT 
Christmas is finally here at the 
Christmas has come early here at Palm Beach Winter Beer 
These gorgeous Christmas Hampers are now on sale from 
Sunday night planning! Distracted with writing clients Christmas Cards 
Oh Hello 
Don't worry, we are open late from December 11th, Monday-Friday til' 8pm - A hassle free Christmas with the Bridges 
Not sure what to get the person who has everything? We are here to help... let them pick the perfect present with a Bridges gift card!
Here are some tips on how to make your Christmas tree stand tall.
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas 
So, a Christmas tree 
It begins: Christmas tree purchased 
Have an awesome Friday and 
 the wonderful 
Christmas Market I am ready for you! It’s proper toasty in our little barn this morning so grab a cup of mulled cider and snuggle in 
Celebrate the beginning of Advent this Friday with Oana Cǎtǎlina Chiţu: ancient Romanian winter songs and the evocative sounds of the cimbalom and accordion
Have you checked out our 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas! Decorations are up they look even better than last year! 
Get into the festive spirit with these glorious Christmas albums from 
The perfect end to our Japanese Fried Chicken feast is this super-rich Chocolate & Nikka Whisky Cake - part of our festive menu for two 
Next week Big Band favourite Guy Barker will be joined by 
It's all in the details... 
Tried our 
Revealing the 
A twinkling welcome in the Foyer today 
Today we launch DAY 1 of our exclusive 
Looking for the perfect gift for your favorite racing fan? Head over to our eBay store to see what kind of goodies you can put under the tree
BOXING DAY TICKET NEWS

Details about how you can get your ticket to back the boys on Boxing Day at Swindon 
Oh and there's a World Premiere in tonight's 
Celebrate with us this Christmas 
The First 300 Nowells
The snow may not be thick on the ground but this concert is a stocking stuffed with tunes 
Thanks to everyone involved with organizing 
 via 
 BOOK  for 
Ryan shares his favourite thing about Christmas 
December is here, let’s get that turkey on the table. Spend Christmas with us at Florentine, and this could be yours
Who's spending Sunday inside decorating the tree? 
 festive 
Feeling cosy and VERY festive at The Meister Bar today! 
Christmas Day in the heart of London..make the magical day a little bit iconic too 
Happy December from Paternoster Chop House!
All you need to know about Christmas at Butlers Wharf Chop House this year! 
Meet the 'Rye Nogg'...one of our fave new cocktails from our 
Start Christmas early 
It’s Chriiiiiissstmaassss... well almost 
If you can't eat your baubles, you're not doing Christmas right 
Great afternoon 
Brilliant job of turning on Marlow’s lights by 
Clapham Common’s first ever ice rink, UV-powered crazy golf, rides, 
Amazing Christmas lights for our last year in the current RHSC, thanks to 
It's the Christmas edition of 
Delicious delights from 
Today! We’re at 
Morning! Day one of our multiple markets weekend... 
TOMORROW you can find us at... 


With 4 days to go we’re counting down to our FREE festive family event at 
Festive day ahead with one of my besties starting with Home Alone 
Love Actually 
Tesco vs M&S vs Ocado

Competition heats up between the UK’s supermarkets - as demand for vegan options soars this Christmas 
Looking for that perfect Christmas party location?
Monday blues - what Monday blues? The only blues we are seeing are the
baubles on our 
The most 
A lovely evening last night was had by all who went to the 
Mince Pies are our favourites around this time of the year! 
From where we stand! 
There is no better way to get into Christmas mood
Books always make a great holiday gift! Join Armadillo World Headquarters author Eddie Wilson & 
 NEW HOLIDAY LP’S IN STOCK 
Today is our FIRST Nationality Rooms Holiday Hunt! 
The Nationality Rooms 
Had a lovely evening at the xmas markets & kept safe by my amazing colleagues working around the clock
...it all got a bit much for Keaton! 
‘Tis the season here at 
Christmas Eve festivities include Martin McNeill, Railway's Christmas Carol shown on screen, Nirvana tribute gig and Christmas DJs. 
It’s time for our Smilemobile to hit the road. We’ve had a wonderful time in Birmingham, sharing plenty of smiles and giving away some great goodies. Make sure you continue to tweet us with your nominations to 
’Tis the season for you to add some Christmas cheer to your phone 
Our final singer has just started 
Our next act is just on stage. Mark Keely - Rock & Roll Show 
 SUNDAY 3rd DEC - SPECIAL TRIP TO DICKENSIAN CHRISTMAS IN ROCHESTER.  If you haven’t bought a ticket for this but want to go, you can pay on the day by meeting the bus at Lakeside Bus Stn, Bay K at 10:40
Lovely start to 
The Lake is Lit! 
Our holiday helpers are hard at work for tomorrow's Light the Lake. You'll have to join us tomorrow 5:30-7:30pm at 
We're looking for some Christmas helpers to volunteer for Friday's Light the Lake event at Colonial Lake. If you or any other elves are interested click our volunteer link below. 
Bring your favorite ugly sweater and holiday cheer down to 
Christmas is nearly here: 
Test your knowledge with our holiday movie trivia! Do you recall ... the most famous holiday movies of all? 
Join our fun and festive Jingle Bell Jog at 
A big thank you to those who sent their suggestions for the first Christmas song. Make you you are tuned in at 8:15am to hear the chosen record! 
806 with their Christmas hampers for SVDP. Well done girls 
Tis the 
Ooh..love a bit of 
First Saturday in December can mean only one thing... it's time to decorate the tree! 
Happy December everyone! 
December has arrived! 
Who knew that a sculpture gallery built in the 19th century would so perfectly suit 21st century lighting and Christmas decorations...? 
We are in Williamson square with our Christmas Bus!! Come say hello & see Santa 
 4 days left to donate 
 6 Days left to DOUBLE YOUR DONATION
Christmas markets? 
Looks like a stunning start to the 
Love the tree pictures - going to sort ours tomorrow with 
1st December has arrived - advent calendar opened- gifts ready for my team- so excited for Christmas 
 | Day 2 of the 
Young Spireites Christmas Party! 
 the lovely Christmas Tree of Remembrance 
Commemorate the names of their loved ones with the 
Our order book for Xmas is now closed !!!!!!!!!!!

All ongoing custom orders will be completed and despatched in time for Xmas.
All ready for 
Make your centre piece a masterpiece 
IT'S JUST DAWNED ON ME THAT I'M GOING TO BE ON A PANEL AT THIS YEARS 
I love my new succulents from 
Christmas at 
A great Christmas prize 
It's beginning to look a lot like christmas
And, so it begins! 
Already in the Christmas spirit?! 
We wonder what festive treat the 
Just a little reminder about our upcoming Christmas Fayre!!!  All welcome 
 
Day 3 

Day 2
Our free weekly 
Our Cottage Creates Club has made two lovely Christmas scenes for the Advent Calendar at the Bishop's Stortford Tourist Information Centre which launches today. 
Next event is Wednesday 6th December 
Balls to baubles! From now on, your Christmas tree may only be resplendent with 
Help us raise money for 
 time in St James’s 
Tis' the season to get merry big. Catch the best new bands first at 
Don’t head off to the out of town multi-nationals to buy your 
It’s totally acceptable to start listening to Christmas music all day long now, right? 
We're giving away dinner for two & a bottle of wine 
Get your house tip-top ready for those Christmas guests - for a chance to 
If you're looking to treat someone to a Cheshire wine tasting this Christmas, all our events are available as gift tickets which are mailed first class at no extra charge.

We've a fantastic range of gift vouchers too, so we have Christmas all wrapped up!

Cin Cin & Ho Ho Ho!
New digital marque up of the 91 freeway. Advertising our Grand Opening, Toy drive and Car show.
11 things we love about The Christmas Adventure at 
Day 1 
...and the wort tastes like gingerbread biscuits! 
Retweeted Official North Pole (
Mince pies for breakfast - must be 1st December 
1 MONTH TO 
Day 2! Who's putting their tree up today?! 
Who's feeling Christmassy yet?! 
3 WEEKS TODAY WILL BE 
SHARE THE NEWS - 3 WEEKS UNTIL 
Is it too early for the "C" word? 
22 DAYS BEFORE 
Win awesome 
Only 22 days until 
The first magical gift on our Advent Calendar is a beautiful 
Only 23 days until 
Only 24 days until 
RT & Follow for a chance to 
A haven in the madness that is the Bath Christmas Market! 
 The tree the tree the tree. 
GET LIT TONIGHT: What's Christmas without the Rockefeller Center Christmas Tree?!  Watch tonight the Tree Lighting Ceremony on NBC at 7pm EST. 
The day has arrived! 
'Tis officially the season to be merry and bright! 
 If you love the taste of bacon with Brussels for your Christmas dinner but you have some… 
Join us tomorrow at 9:30 with 
Ho ho ho! Our branches and agencies are selling these fantastic Christmas decorations for a suggested donation of £1 each.  All donations will go to our charity partner 
Getting your Christmas Tree this weekend? 
Over 70% of our Sunday Cinema tickets are now SOLD! Be sure to grab your tickets now to avoid missing out on festive family. 
All packed and ready to go 
Check out the many ways you can support us this Christmas 
Christmas has officially arrived at the children's hospital! Massive thanks to 
Pat just LOVES spreading Christmas cheer with Operation Christmas Child! 
Tomorrow I'm going to help Emily's Elves find their baubles! Baubles mean prizes! 
Morning! Happy 1st Of December!  
Santa’s coming! I know him!! Loved Elf 
We are all set up and ready to welcome people to the 
 It's the 
It sure is! Make sure to visit the 
Come and have your photo taken with us at 
Hello December 
Oh yes 
It was 
Our Cheadle office is a drop off point for 
This is set to be such a great event at 
We're supporting 
Come and get your picture taken at our fabulous 
Here I am and YES I shall be wearing tinsel on Sunday at 
It’s officially Christmas in Plymouth! 
In case you MISSED it, it's officially 
Come one, come all to Library Square for the Christmas tree light switch on! 
Fr Xmas officially lights the tree on Chorlton Green before we burst into song! Thanks 
Looking forward to seeing all the Lightning Fans just before Christmas 
British Canoeing members receive 15% off at Cotswold Outdoor

Remember to use your discount code on checkout or show your card at the shops when doing your Christmas shopping this year! 
Help community projects in your area by donating your old 
Just 2 weeks until our 
G&G bauble heads and tree for Day 2 of 
ARTIST ROOMS is counting down the days to Christmas with 
*dusts off hands* 
Sneak peek of John O'Connor's gripping performance in 'Mr Charles Dickens presents 
Get into the spirit of Christmas past, present & future 
Every child deserves a gift under the tree. - Can you afford to buy an extra gift for a child who might not receive one this Christmas?
Welford is among friends here in Loughborough at the Santa Fun Run 
Best of ‘ol mates 
And... it's up! We look forward to welcoming you over the festive season ahead. 
Out today, your 64-page special issue of The Dish, packed full of everything you need for your Christmas feast! 
Join us at 
Please Remember To Send Bradley His Xmas Card 
Tampa's annual Tree Lighting Ceremony is this Friday in 
White Christmas is up first for 
How many Christmas Events can one 
Excited to be bringing some holiday cheer in the 2017 
Ivan is ready for Santa 
The CHML Tree of Hope has been lit! 
Thank you to everyone who came out to 
Tonight's the night! 
It's always a pleasure to hang out with 
Winter sale until 12/15! Use the code: CYBERWINTER for 50% off! 
Christmas shopping is well underway 
Lots of lovely 
The lights are going down which means we can see the lights of Chewbacca! Africa Al wins the best 
Brilliant Brass Band here 
 Christmas Market is this Friday evening 
A massive thankyou to all of our amazing customers this weekend... and 
 thanks for everyone that popped down to have a cupcake. Thanks to the organisers of the event for a fab weekend. Happy Christmas everyone x 
 Thank you for organising such an Amazing fun filled weekend for the town
Warm up by the fire with the 
First sight of the 
Ho-ho-ho Kahoot!’ers! 
Wonderful to see community members at tonight’s 
Get in the Christmas spirit before  term ends! 
‘Tis the season! The first holiday notes sound out at the Annual 
After such a wonderful nativity performance this morning, we have spent the afternoon listening to Christmas music whilst decorating the nursery, followed by a lovely Christmas story all cosy by our beautiful tree. Haven’t the children done a wonderful job! Feeling very festive
Thanks to Made By Navin for our Merry & Bright marquee letters - they really lit up the square on Saturday night!
Massey Hall...We're ready for ya! 
Today is the Day!! You can buy or stream my brand new 
 Mr. Handrigan helping our gentlemen with our annual Christmas card workshop 
The annual tradition of the Christmas corridor is in full swing! 'Wham' playing loudly, lots of merriment amongst the staff! 
King St is ready for you! 
Our favourite books this Christmas 
Day 3 of the 12 Days of Booky Christmas 
Day 2 of the 12 Days of Booky Christmas 
Starting off 12 Days of Christmas 
Our Christmas window in Gerrards Cross 
It’s the last Monday in November! And two weeks till our Christmas Launch at the Charter Building 
A guide to the best alternative 
 A big thank you to 
holly jolly emo nite dallas
Walked through Sainsburys and they're playing Stay by East 17. It's officially 
 Art UK 
We’re feeling Festive this Friday! 
AGS ADVENT DAY 3!!!
AGS ADVENT DAY 2
‘Tis the season to warm your nippy cockles with porridge 
Elf The Musical press night! 
The hugely popular film comes to life on stage in a wonderful new way, definitely not one to be missed!
The very best makeup and skincare products to gift the beauty obsessive in your life this Xmas 
Merry Christmas ya filthy animal 
Ensure everyone gets their perfect gift, with our Christmas Most wanted range 
Now this is my kind of tree 
Back 
Some of the dessert flight from 
Our Walton-le-Dale 
Dont shop online this Friday come and support the shops on your local high street, we are offering 10% off all our Christmas stock
Find our 
All set up for 
Today is the day! Find our 
To win 4 tickets Choir Circle tickets to 
Festive fun & shopping 
For one of the cosiest evenings in London, settle in to 
Well and truly in the festive spirt having been at the Christmas concert of the Int'l Choir & Orchestra of HCMC 
Yikes! Only 23 shopping days left till Christmas 
VERY excited to debut the 
December 1
Thanks E2 lighting for joining team DV8 at our first outing to the Christmas Markets last night! 
Plenty of festive events on today in and around 
Searching for the perfect 
The Christmas lights have just been turned on 
Christmas is fast approaching check out what’s going on here 
We are so honoured to be hosting 
*Plays Mariah’s Christmas hits* Off out dancing tonight? Perhaps some shopping (of the Christmas variety) tomorrow? Here’s what you need to know. 

All set for some Christmas shopping on the stall today 
The big 
IMMMM DREAMINGGGG OF A WHITEEEEEE CHRISTMASSSSS 
Are you joining us tonight at City South for our light switch on event in aid of 
Join us 
Looking forward to all the nonprofit digital advent calendars kicking off tomorrow. If you spot one or are doing one, let me know! 
We're starting to feel festive at The Forum. Have you got your tree up yet? 
Busy saturday for our SNT - Prevent&Protect event in town, ANPR events and Kings Langley Christmas lights! 
EXCITMENT LEVEL 1 MILLION!! My 
“Celebrate Christmas like nobody else”
The John Lewis Christmas advert is here! Who else loves 
Ooooohhh it's so close to December 
My Christmas album drops 1st Dec 
Our gift to you....a delicious Christmas Chocolate with every hot drink.....only 
It's the 1st day of December and we are so excited for our 
Also the 1st December which means we can really get into the Christmas spirit 
Switching on of the Christmas lights in Galway's Westend 
Christmas with The Clandestinos 
Competition time! Tell us which 
City Organist Darius Battiwalla performs our weekly lunchtime organ concert, Monday 4 December, 1.05pm 
Buy festive essentials and help our patients this Christmastime! Head to our Christmas Stall at Harplands Hospital on Weds 13 December -proceeds go to each ward's charitable fund to provide activities and extras. Everyone is welcome, please spread the word! 
Together from the Princes Trust and South Shore Fire Station having a charity car wash, monies raised went to buy Christmas presents for our patients 
Do you like this year's light show? 
Carols by Candlelight Wed 13th Dec 6-8pm in aid of St. Francis Hospice 
What a jaysus gorgeous Christmas treat from 
On a quest to find the best Xmas cake recipe, we invited a few 
It's 'bee'ginning to look a lot like Christmas here at 
Wow- thanks Lizzie! 
Christmas is 3 weeks from tomorrow. Order today, I’ll mail tomorrow. 
Chanced upon a lovely Christmas craft market on my walk through 
Top job by the BBC One Marketing team and BBC Creative. 
Lovely people at 
Traditional 
So the Coca-Cola advert is officially on the TV. Does this mean it's Christmas? 
Our aMAYSing holiday season starts 12/18 5-9:30pm.  Come vote on your favorite 
Super festive 
Birds of a Feather are to do another Christmas special this year 
Buddy is now Buddy the Elf! 
Very festive Exeter Christmas Market- 
Exeter Christmas Fayre later this afternoon- time to try and feel festive! 
Welcome to December! 
And that’s the Carrickfergus Christmas tree lights switched on 
Christmas light switch on 
Some more photos of tonight’s Christmas light switch on in Owen Street. Pcso Paddock also met one of the vip guests - darts player Jamie Hughes! 
Our office is feeling festive with our housing themed Christmas tree 
CHRISTMAS PAGEANT 
GET A MOOOVE ON! The 
Awesome day in Perth, shooting our special
It's December 1st, so you know what that means... 
‘Tis the season for the book tree! 
Celebrate the holiday season at 
This many sleeps left until Christmas 
Have you read my latest  post? I'm sharing my December Goals which go from festive fun to the more adult tax return - Merry Christmas amiright? 
How glorious is Edinburgh at Christmas? I’m missing out on a Christmas tree until I finish work next week so I picked up a teeny £10 one to tide me over until I go full-blown bauble frenzy 
Today's new post - December Goals! From a new posting schedule to taking things slow, here's to
another fab festive month! 
And just like that it's December! I'm looking forward to a month full of hot chocolate, roasts, and movies on repeat, but there's a few goals for the month I'd like to achieve first... 
Successful annual trip to Kiln Farm today to pick out our Christmas Tree 
'Tis the season to be showered in 
 | It's December 
Getting festive around the office!! 
We got a delivery from the North Pole! Santa gave us a book to read and a math activity! He must know we are learning to add quickly! 
It's that time of year....Festive Foodie Friday is back! On Friday 8th December we will be on the lawn enjoying 
It would be great if you could join us this Sunday for The Slow Roll & petition handover. Get your tinsel and fairy lights at the ready! 
Super looking forward to Christmas 
Rockin' around the PPG Place tree on December 1st
RETAIL NEWS: Our Christmas opening kicks off with Sunday opening tomorrow 10am to 4pm. Happy shopping! 
Starting the Christmas celebrations on Roman Way Estate 
Thanks Mrs Brown & Mrs Perkins for helping the little elves of P3/2 add finishing touches to their rustic tree decorations. You can buy these beautiful crafts on Saturday 2nd of December at the Thornlie Christmas Fair. We can’t wait to see you there! 
 This year, Resorts World Birmingham has all of the festive factors covered.
 all three of these school history titles as a special Christmas 
Radio City Music Hall NY! 
 Riders Christmas Giveaways 
 Countdown! 
The holidays are just around the corner 
Tree is going up for 
Stop by this holiday season and try 
Thanks for bringing us Hallmark Christmas Magic
Watch an exclusive clip from 
Will you be ENCHANTED this CHRISTMAS 
Celebrate the season at Zoolights at the 
December is here and the countdown to Christmas has begun! Find unique, Santa-approved gifts at the first-ever Mesa Christmas Market tonight from 5 - 10 p.m. in 
Get in the holiday spirit and kick off Merry Main Street from 4 - 10 p.m. tomorrow in 
The Christmas countdown is on 
It's time to "Fill the Fire Truck!" 
Experience 
 was amazing!! I’m in such a Christmassy mood now
 Lovely to see so many smiley faces & current 
A BIG thank you to everyone 
A BIG BIG thank you to everyone 
 Corsham Knitting & Crochet have delivered this years Christmas Tree, which looks amazing.  Due to such high demand last year, you can purchase the decorations 
Friday 1st December
Christmas opening hours 
Watch this superstar 
Not long ‘till 
I love this time of year 
Getting into the spirit today 
12 donations 
Thank you to everyone at the Co-op for supporting our 
Christmas Prep Is Hard Work 
The final performance of the day by the wonderful 
It's a tricky biscuit to be the Tallest Elf in the World but it all gets better with a ukulele and a song 
Our charity partner 
A Christmas bauble which contains Morven’s image hangs on the Elgin town Christmas tree as a lasting tribute to Morven’s memory. Thank you to all our members and supporters from Elgin for celebrating with 
Thanks for promoting 
What a fantastic time promoting 
It looks great! 
Send us in pictures of your decorated trees! Here's the tree in our office 
Something Christmasy and creative for kids and young people to do today. 
Looking forward to tonight’s Christmas Fayre 
Fantastic raffle prizes at the Christmas Craft Fayre this Thursday 
Christmas Craft Fayre Thursday 30th November. 6.30pm - 8.30pm Come along and buy your gifts. 
Merry Christmas everyone 
Buying a Caring Christmas Tree 
Members of 
We have our tickets
Our horticulture students are in the festive spirit 
Don't forget to come along to our SFL Christmas Fayre tomorrow! 
Tesco kicks off “
How adorable are our mini christmas trees in our No.2 Xmas Assortment confetti 
Looking forward to a festive threesome with the gorgeous 
Our Xmas No.2 assortment of confetti is perfect for creating your festive crafts this year
 TAPA DENNISTOUN WEEKEND ADVENT COMPETITION 
 The Ghost of a Christmas without Tapa Bread. 
Please call us or order your bread in store before December 20th.... 
Why not give the gift of a candle Making workshop this Christmas 
Anyone else feeling the Xmas spirit today? 
Having a great day at 
On The Request Show:


These are some great ideas! 
Getting Christmas started with 
I’m getting ready to welcome Santa to 
Our head office is getting into the Christmas spirit putting up the tree this evening 
Tick off your 
Douglas and Fraser firs trees have invaded Long Island 
Hosting a party, a get together, a meeting or a corporate event this Christmas?
Good morning! Only 4 weeks to go until CHRISTMAS DAY! If you're struggling for a gift, don't forget to check out our gift subscriptions and bundles, and get 10% off with the code "merryxmasTLM" 
 3rd December Giveaway! 
Want something to make your freestyle a little more festive. Help is here to have you ready for December 
Merry Xmas ... it’s a time of good will 
We are supporting 
It was a lovely surprise to have 
Today is our last Saturday opening of 2017!! Come & see what beautiful gifts, decorations & stocking fillers you can find in our gift shop, you can also be inspired by our beautiful Christmas tree 
OK, I’m going for it this evening with a Christmas read from Candlestick Press 
Crosby village Christmas tree looks great - best ever! 
The Christmas Tree is officially lit 


Good luck to everyone getting up in the loft today! Watch your bonce! 


Have just bought myself these fab cards from 
North East Concert Band entertained our visitors with fabulous Christmas carols in the bandstand today. 
Good morning everyone! 
When someone tells you they've already bought ALL of their Christmas presents. 
Just 99p!!! 
Had a lush day. Blummin love Christmas time 
It was a Jolly Day! 
It’s beginning to look a lot like Christmas! 
TODAY is your last day to buy raffle tickets for our 
If you’re near or in Glenfield tonight then be sure to head down to our 
Remember it’s our 
Do you like our Day Therapy 
Happy December! Remember our Glenfield Shop is holding a 
Remember if you’re coming to our Light up a Light service on Sunday then there is no parking on site at the Hospice but we are running a park & ride shuttle bus service from County Hall from 2.30pm - 4pm, service starts at 4.30pm. 
Step into 
Just four days left to be in with the chance of winning £10,000 in our 
Perfect for 
It's finally December and the 
Dublin is decorated 
Check out the huge Christmas tree being installed at our 
 It's the 1st of December, which means the 
So excited to get the 
Feeling Festive? Grays will be turning on their 
What are you doing tonight? Come down to Bishop Auckland marketplace and take part in some 
Bribery works best for chapter writing at the weekend. If I work until 5... I can decorate my room. 
Time to plan a day trip. Here are four New England house museums with stunning holiday decorations: 
Superb day at 
Went to the 
"A new arrival... just in time for Christmas." 
Christmas t-shirt design for 
Get into the Christmas spirit in 
Even more reasons to visit this wonderful National Trust 
We're lit!!! 
The holiday tunes have begun at our 
 It’s market season! Come see us, or you’d rather shop online use code HOLIDAZE for 10% off your online order 
Tomorrow is our 
Getting in the festive spirit today at the hospice. The decorations are going up 
Friday at 
Thanks LP member 
 tomorrow 
Christmas songs on the radio!!!! It must be December 
Just leaving Cardiff and heading to 
Get yourselves down to 
Our CASDDA 2018 Christmas Calendars are all ready to go! Contact us for yours 
Super excited to host our Winter 
A sample of our Christmas Cards for  Kingston Ross Pasnak contact us today for your own custom Christmas Cards 
Wow! Best Christmas show in town is now a top deal too! I know I'm biased but I promise you won't regret snagging a last-minute ticket! ♫
Ho Ho Hi! 
Awww thank you 
We've added a stop at 
Calling 
Next up from 
To mark the Birmingham Royal Ballet's Nutcracker at the 
If your visiting Birmingham, here’s some things to do to get you in the festive mood 
Time to start on the Christmas tree 
Get ready for this very special event 
Make plans with us this Christmas & New Year. There's lots of places to visit to get you into the festive spirit and more buses on 
The wait is over! Here's 
Happy 1st December from all of us here at WSP HQ! A third of urbanites say they go all out at Christmas time
Coming home for Christmas is the 
Celebrate Christmas with us and devour a 6 course delicious dinner 
All that glitters is not gold....Sometimes it’s pink. 
It's finally December...
On the to the competition! Very excited! Come on glee club!!! 
In the oven the crimbo cake goes see you in 2hrs! 

But will check in 90mins 
It’s not impossible that we could see David Davis stepping down AND Trump impeached by Christmas Eve. All I wanted was that and an orange.  
Stoked to be co-hosting this benefit show for 
Leeds Christmas shopping 
Happy holidays Trevs - have a good break and relax 
Changing of the seasons! 
The tree is up 
Give the gift of education this Christmas! 
Great atmosphere and turnout for the switching on of Annan Christmas 
Excited about visiting Greenwich 
Curious about 
Seeing Fenwicks window and listening to Xmas songs while wrapping copious amounts of presents 
Put the decorations up. Mega early for us this year but it’s little mans first Christmas! 
The festivities have begun 
 NEXT SAT 12/9 - The Big One - The Dandy Warhols Annual 
Kick off the 
 Join us for our Improv Comedy Christmas Party! 
Why go organic this Christmas? Guy Watson from 
Christmas has arrived at Windsor Castle! 
Too soon 
