RT if the QUEEN, 
No words to say... Congratulations 
 mine too!
The hero of this thread 
Couldn’t agree more. 
Omg Mary FINALLY
More than ready!!!
Our thoughts are with you, Mason! 
You're in our thoughts, Mason 
Best wishes, Mason!
It’s what you guys deserve for creating a brand that finally every boy and girl of any skin color can use 
As far as I know you’re an old LP fan, yes they won’t be the same without Chester but still they are and will be notched above the other bands!!! 
 Your going to have a great time!
And i will unfollow right after the race thanks for the memories SHR 
HISTORY MAKER!
So excited to confirm I’ll be running the first-ever 
Had fun supporting 
Beard goals. 
More 
We're getting ready for our magical screening of The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh! 
Good times last weekend at the Diamond Supply Co. x Blitz Complexcon Booth with 
Props 
i want to give a special shoutout to 
Sorry fans, we didnt pull the miracle out, once again we fall cuz our own mistakes. 

Plz keep cheering for the rest LPL teams! 
Remember that we are playing against 
After a rough start, we managed to take the second game from 
We LOVE this! Great job Maximus! 
 Thank you 
 Bad Art, Bad Ethics, Bad Explanation: On the Guggenheim’s Removal of Artworks 
Watch, drink, & root for the home team w/ us inside Side Bet Bar 
Throw your hands in the air if you just won $1,000! 
How's this for some 
Celebrated the end of the month in STYLE today at 
Who’s the best? 
 the weekend is near! 
We are giving away an exclusive 
MASSIVE CONGRATS 
Love styling a floral dress with a classic trucker. Love the fringey sandals 
Talking all things pop culture with 
The swagger is back! 
There’s no place I’d rather be on Saturday morning than making some picks on 
It's nearly here, 
Not long to go until 
A Fall Maraschino Bourbon because you deserve to treat yo'self this Friday 
Ours too. Because it's Monday, and we're watching 
You can also email your bids to: Richard.binnersley@brightwells.com
Final bids must be made before 7pm tomorrow 
So delighted to see the great Xan Brooks shortlisted! 
Wooo - the 
Happy Friday, Carrot community! Who else is excited for the weekend? 
"People want their stories told. It should be done responsibly." 


Sir 
Officially, Sir 
Thank you, 
BIG congratulations to all the Awardees and their brilliant PAL 
Who’s ready for this??
Day Two of the 25th 
When you realize its a short week...
That being said, any ònye Anambra that desires to know the promises made by 
Shut up, no way!! 
Hit RT to help make HISTORY!

VOTE 
Be quick... we've just released some more tickets for the 
This smoked cocktail is bloody awesome, @kendrick_bbq 
We're hanging out with the guys of 
Opening for 
They’ve rocked 
Best. Day. EVER! 
IT NEARLY HERE.... IT'S NEARLY METZ TIME!! 
WHAT. A. NIGHT 
It's all happening in London right now 
Hello London! Wonderful to welcome 
Great day at 
We've had 
YOU DID THAT 
Signing some posters at the enkeiwheels booth(47035)! 
Save big on some of Microsoft Studios' biggest games in the Black Friday Xbox Games Sale: 
Out today the fantastic new book 
‘When you walk in 
Big vibes at 
 SIX OF THE BEST!


The audience broke out in applause for 
 -We're the good guys! No added 
Still buzzing from 
Yup! We're ready! 
ONE WEEK since our amazing 
3 more days 
It was a pleasure to meet Strahil aka 
LOADS of rare vintage stock just dropped 
TOMORROW: Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg are on 
Young + Something you always carry with you is your 
This video is EVERYTHING! 
Dinosaur dresses heading out already 
DAMN 
Oldskool GARAGE flavours all night long as INSOMNIA present PURE GARAGE this Saturday at 
Playing on repeat at Melodics HQ today 
 regrann from 
Yeah that's SIC! Our new merchandise line is available this FRIDAY on 
Wake up, 
Saturday morning's are for learning with 
'It's okay to write a bad song, just write a good one the next day and you'll feel better' 
Big ups Jamal Edwards / 
Looking forward to DJing at the next 
Hiiii Saturday night! 
D U S K Y


On sale now, the massive 
We are now SOLD OUT of general tickets! 
We can't wait to publish your book next year 
Exam done and tickets booked for 
Playing 2 shows at 
SOLD OUT! 
"There's a chance you might lose the nipple"
"I don't care, I'll draw one on" 
Tonight we welcome 
When you remember the brand new series of 
Another game, another Timo 
Show your support for Germany's EURO 2024 bid by uploading your picture to 
"We hope he can play a big part for us now..."


Give a little back on 
The team at 
 is soo good
 Stoked to have 
Yeah! 
Look back and celebrate how 
Get in the mood for the weekend with 
Air strike 
Both Jimmy Johnson and 
Great times! 
Our fabulous Friday line up!!! 
“One cannot think well, love well, sleep well, if one has not dined well.” - 
What a tweet! 
Are you creative, passionate and looking for a start in the music industry? Then 
 hands up if you're having a good time 
Such a great night at the 
Proud to be part of 
Loving this article from 
You have to see it to be it! Love that more kids will be able to picture themselves in tech through 
Afghanistan’s first free coding school for girls is growing! Check out 
  Thank you 
“When u do things from the soul, u feel a river moving in u, a joy.” 
"With its eponymous restaurant’s newly awarded Michelin star, there’s no better time to visit 
WE ARE POPPING UP THIS FESTIVE SEASON - CHECK OUT WHERE YOU CAN FIND US & OUR NEWEST ARRIVAL
Dear 
Bb. Surf Spray FTW 
Just one more sleep! 
Great pic and 
Final tweet of the night! 

The bad news is, time flies.

The good news is you’re the pilot.

Until tomorrow, take care and 
Good morning to one and all? Hope that the day treats you well and 
101-year-old Julia Hawkins may be new to the sport, but that's not stopping her from collecting world records. 
I'm privileged to open the 
Yes!! I love it! 
Christmas shopping this year will be fun! Etsy Made Local is coming to a venue near you: 
Follow our quick coconut salmon curry recipe for an easy Thai 
WooCommerce powers the new official 
The new and improved 
48 hours after 
Pre-sale tickets for our show at 
We couldn't be more excited to announce that we're playing 
2 million streams on Finders Keepers remix with 
Huge shoutout to 
Listen out for Prince George's favourite show 
Congratulations Sarah Clarke! The first female Black Rod 
Pancakes with dulce de leche and banana ice cream 
We're excited for our annual Festival of St Cecilia event tomorrow! Looking forward to seeing lots of you there 
Read about how 
Great initiative from 
Great interview with 
Sunday Set Menu 12pm-4pm today at Marcella. 3 courses for £20. Happy Sunday 
That was 1 epic party 
Nice piece in 
Already over 1M plays for 'Keep Your Head Up' by 
Oh yes, for sure! 
Demeter USA Certified Biodynamic® Coffee of the Cosmos™ 
Maaarvelous to see 
Well done guys 
 Dr 
Today we're celebrating 
 gonna pull away in the second half 
'We're going to surprise people'

Fascinating insights from 
Bring the kids and join the 
GAME DAY 
Bench chemistry on point 
Swizzler now takes GWorld! 

Let the countdown begin! 
30 minutes 'till 
Pressing play on 
It’s a whole new experience for Pandora on 
WOW!!! You guys killed it!! Absolutely incredible 
We're here! 
Happy Wednesday morning UK!! Only a few days til I'm home 
Thank you Lake Placid, NY. You were wonderful 
What a night for 
Find out when legends collide at the Vitality 
A big thank you to the 
Maddie Hinch will be at the Sentinel Homes 
So today's the day, my book 'Wrecking Ball' is available, so grab yourself a copy 
Catch me on 
Congrats to this great bunch of guys 
He didn’t get the credit he deserves tonight but 
The issues with the theme editor have now been resolved. 
 thanks to the guys 
Brew it yourself. 
Happy Thanksgiving! We are thankful for all the great people that are part of our organization. Shaping Voices With The Power To Influence
So here for celebs like 
When your mobile carrier gets featured as a "potential game changer" by 
What has everyone saying YASSSSSS? 
'The essence of architecture is to open up the hearts of people and to move them in such a way that they are happy to be on this earth,' says the master of minimalist architecture Tadao Ando. 
Find 
We were proud to join you for 
It's Monday.

Which can only mean one thing.

A new 
 #36 on the 
Mariah is our true Queen 
Edinburgh done. Big love and thanks to 
Stunning performances of 
Canola for dayzzz 
 A 50th appearance to remember 
 absolutely smashed it this week! You can tell how much she wants it and she worked her lil booty off to get it! 
Great little show at Tottenham Court Road for 
Super cool video from AUSTIN’s show by 
If u dont feel like u fit in, in this world.. its because ur here to create a new one. 
Onwards and Upwards 
Im over superficial friendships 
Going to see 
Listen to Victoria. Victoria is talking a lot of sense. 
TOP POSTER 
Fritters for dinner 
The fritters are back at 
When you and your bro are still completely on the same wave even when you're half way round the world from eachother. 
Loved filming the fab volunteers at Kings Cross Station for 
Working with 
Huge thanks to all who signed up and enjoyed some fine sounds at 
Good meeting you last night 
I’ve got brow kits, w/powders in several different shades, great eye brushes, plus a lash serum that has helped my lashes & brows grow back in
3 days till I see STEPS  
Can't wait to see 
I love my panto team!! Rehearsals are coming together nicely. Looking forward to getting on the road! 
 oh my goodness, thank you so much for sharing this! 
Great to play host to an evening of fab new writing from 
A stellar day at 
There’s a new (ish) post on 
Lovely talking to y’all - it was a great topic! 
Duvet dinner and your favourite show anyone? Yeah. Us too. 
What an amazing 
We're looking to expand our community wall of fame 
Awesome to see our Sanctus coach, Shayan, talking to 
The Sanctus store is open NOW!

Go to 
Just some of the names coming to the ‘Mental Health in the Workplace’ event tonight! 
Check out why Hannah at 
True 
Coffee - the best kind of 
Special shout out to our foamy, caffeinated, chocolate dusted friend 
Will the Fintech Wall of Emoji be making a return for the next 
10 minutes of pure 
My March 2018 UK tour is now on sale!! 
My video for 
Wanna win tickets to my SOLD OUT tour starting this week? 

I'm giving away a pair to each show! For a chance to win tweet me with 
Packing for tour, kicking off tomorrow... Like a kid on xmas eve me 
Bao for breakfast! 
The (frankly) incredible level of support I get from 
You can get these bad boys at half price atm in 
Meet Nigeria's women's bobsled squad, the first African bobsled team to ever qualify for the Winter Olympics 
Students have been going the extra mile for 
We're incredibly proud to live in this exciting, dynamic city 
 seeks to unite residents to work together with government and stakeholders in ensuring that the City becomes clean. Join us on 25 Nov to clean up our City 
Thank you to MMC 
Darling 
In 2 days!! This will be your dance floor.... 
3 MORE DAYS EVERYONE!! Get you costumes ready x 
Great to see our faculty represented along with 
A “Situ-Asian” like no other before, achieving something no one else in ONE history has – put your hands in the air for your new simultaneous two-division world champion... ONE Lightweight & Featherweight World Champion, Martin Nguyen! 
That feeling when you find THE perfect lace dress for your Christmas parties! 
Kensington Pride mangoes are now in season. Grown in the Northern Territory, they are delicious, ripe and in abundance. 
They Were Three 
Okay so now I can legit be excited about this....It's Official, all my results came out today....I'm a qualified Optometrist y'all!!! My degree is complete!! 
Excellent! Look forward to seeing you there 
First time I shared my 6 years of experience in front of an amazing audience. 

Go and kill it guys 
 lemme start my morning watching one of my best DVD ever!!! 
Let's play a game of "where is the obvious place to be this Saturday?" 

Price: Guestlist 
Being a Magician has always been my dream. Now I'm living my dream
Feeling the Voodoo vibes 
Ayeeee 
The sensational 
Awazi for the Win
Last night 
 This is just the beginning more bangerz and success...Congrats on your award 
Dats d feel wen der is an assurance of a bright future 
Thanks 4 d love
1week to go!!! 
 produced most (if not all) of the tracks of 
One of the legendary producer from Nigeria 
Free some day 
 much respect to 
regranned from killzkonekt  -  Download link in his bio.. 
 Happy Birthday Bruh... May Ur Days Be Long. Keep Dropping Em Bars 
Crew goals. 
When you remember there's a new episode of 
Next week Group CEO Richard Johnson will be delivering his keynote 
We’ve got something amazing coming up with Lucy Fizz later this month 
Don't know about you, but we're hyped for the weekend 
I'm poorly but the 
This is our kind of paradise 
Ring making last night with Maggie Cross at 
Screen print your own Christmas cards with 
 The Joy of Making 
There’s a lot to love about our Festive Winter Salad, but it’s all about the Wensleydale and caramelised pecans 
AUSTRALIA INTO THE WORLD CUP!
Congratulations to our 
Summer in Melbourne = Football in Melbourne! 
Great that 
Join us today from 12pm! Welcoming new shops, discounts all round, drinks & more!
 goes to Tony who is taking part in the 24 hour Ultra Marathon tonight in aid of Children with Cancer UK. 
Tonight on the 
Thanks again 
Sadly not bro... but Big J was there 
Anyone else binge watching 
Good news... Our 
He came for the qualies. He leaves with a trophy.

Filip Krajinovic was one of the feel-good stories of this year's 
Checking out the Great Wall of China 
Aw thanks guys! 
Wednesday's at 4pm at FX Tennis Academy is for our Young Guns 
Swansea British Tour today 
Desperately want a ticket for the 
Thanks to all that attended our 
You remind me so much of my beautiful Dad 
Another spectacular show in the books at 
Positive vibes only
Big game for 
Our beautiful OLIVIA at this mornings 
A week of crisp sunny days after misty mornings. Like this one from last fall in 
Bob Costas NAILED this. Patriotism comes in many forms, but it's been conflated w/ bumper sticker flag waving & "military only." 
Congratulations to the best coach I have ever had! His knowledge, passion, and enthusiasm for the game is unparalleled. He is the coach that I strive to be. Thank you coach for accepting me into your 
Time for our Top 3 touchdowns from this weekend's ACC action! 
Shoutout to Grandma! 
Husband Goals! 
Up in time for Chick-n-Minis! 
Look whose getting reps between the pipes at practice!!  
It's match day! 
 star 


Congratulations 
Does that background look familiar?! 
Excited to have 
Long summer hikes are all-time 
 - Bang Bang

Yhooooo This Track
Our ladies are having IV drips and getting ready for their treatments 
Amazing to see outdoor nurseries opening in Glasgow! By being outdoors more, these kids are going to be more active, more creative & develop much-needed resilience.

Great work 
Finally the wait is over .Now we are able to add multiple projects in the same workspace 
This is the face of a smug bitch about to go home 
One week today it’s the  
Saw this today 
A sneak peek of the 
 goes on sale tomorrow at 12pm PT! Purchased your 
For the first time ever – camping Under the Electric Sky! 
We have announced our 2018 schedule! 
And all of the NLI's are in 
HANDS UP FOR THE 2ND VOLUME OF 
women supporting women supporting women supporting women supporting women supporting women supporting women... 
Today I launched Elixir, my own sample pack label, exclusively available on 
Another top 10! 
Honored to be a part of this 
The companion album to the show everyone’s talking about is in stores now! 
Absolutely tearing the stage up tonight in 
We're LIVE with the 
 Icarus still killing it!
Whoooo big up 
New remix out today of 
Do it! 
Coming to the 
It’s donation day and we have 
Sweeeet
So stoked that 
We love this gorgeous 
 Did you enjoy our last TraxsourceLIVE show with the great 
FULL SUPPORT 
THIS DIME 
In case you missed it, here you go 
here 
 we are enjoying  our second vinyl "MoBlack Sampler  Vol. 1" incl. Mabiisi - Baakoya ( Armonica Remix) 
Kick starting 
Looking for 
Getting closer 
|p Wanna be 
Thankyou you to everyone that turned up for my show and shout out to 
 dropping bombs again on 
Dice going deep on Terminal 3...can't wait for his set at 
MASSIVE new track just released from 
We Are Saturday 
We Are Sunday 
Are you Techno? We Are 
The BEECast is back !! 
Tonight I'll be Playing first at Zeta Bar in Bugibba than at The Playground for Guerrilla Malta  
Happy to be back on LAPSUS MUSIC with a new single as part of this solid Amsterdam Dance Event Sampler !! 
i can´t wait for this one
The Latest: 

First wave artists announced for 
First wave artists announced for 
It's taken me a week to get round to listening to it but 
Soundtrack to my Friday night 
This Weekend 
I love these pics that lizny3 took in my studio today. 
A season's worth of celebrations 
Get ready to leap into a new week 
I braved the grocery store today, got everything I needed, and got out of there without being run over 
The wonderful, inspiring 
Worst and most boring set of finalists ever on 
Cool to see this UV patch on the market after hearing about it in Spain at 
Totes playing a couple of dates with 
Was pretty darn cool to meet those cats in 
Use promo code ARCADEHEARTS    Yeah yeah yeah this is gonna be dope 
Good morning everyone! Can't wait to have 
Many ★★★★'s for 
 Police Cops in Space 
3 points is key at this stage 
Download the latest episode of the Euro Leagues podcast! 
Congratulations and well deserved! 
We're reliving all the music, food and fun we had at The 
Selfie time! 
You can now Via ANYWHERE in Manhattan & Brooklyn 
Off to Surrey this morning with 
What?! Woke up to an 
You can see all of Gareth's photos now online here: 
 2 the cast 
You can't beet a Belcher Thanksgiving. 
It's definitely Friday & we are ready to play 
HISTORY MAKER!
So excited to confirm I’ll be running the first-ever 
You're going to be amazing Barbara! 
 We've 
$10 tops 
Brand-new bags, built with all the technical details you could dream of 
Give > take 
I’ve got brow kits, w/powders in several different shades, great eye brushes, plus a lash serum that has helped my lashes & brows grow back in
Calling all 
 dropping bombs again on 
Inspired by all the 
Fiona FTW. 
Show this post in store at 
Summer's ending and we're as SALTY about it as you are...at least swimsuit season is over so treat yo' SELF to some 
It's pretzel time! 
Hearing SOOOO many great things about 
Another Training Camp in the Books!  To be around amazing people and future leaders = 
Super stoked to announce I am now an official 
Welcome back to the 
Who’s excited for the 
Retweet If You Love GOD 
Congratulations honorary graduates 
It's almost lift-off time for the World Cup Series in 
Fantastic to welcome 
Spotted 
 is a legend 
My friend told me this and I completely agree, he said “In LA it feels like it’s your job to Vlog, but in Jersey you Vlog your life.” 
Rock New Year in Las Vegas with The Chainsmokers! You and a buddy could be on your way to Las Vegas for NYE, enter now for the last chance to win: 
Winning style, winning sounds. Congratulation to 
Winners wear 
 YOU LOOK AMAZING OMG!!!!! so excited to see your killing it with this outfit 
 Loved watching/listening to BBC Radio 4's My Teenage Diary with the legends 
 kicks off 2nite w/ 
Another fantastic night at 
Just a few tix left for 
 are nearly here 
Annie Waits screened at 
So chuffed with the review of Manspreading!! Give it a quick read, for me, please. 
Wow the raffle prizes for the 
YES!! 
Offer | Our official compression partner 2XU’s Black Friday deals have begun – 30% off everything including outlet! 
Many ★★★★'s for 
 Well done on a fantastically thought provoking, funny and absurd show 
So grateful for the 
*BREAKING*

Our brand new podcast series 
How about that 
Get in the mood for the weekend with 
Thank you for coming out Cardiff 
MasterChef: The Professionals continues tomorrow night at 8pm on 
Week three of the heats... Let's do this.  
Loving the interview with music legend 


How about 
Big tie for 
Back on with the biggest tracks around and usual chaos 
It’s Gameday!

Gaels kick off a 3-game home stand TONIGHT!

Get all the live coverage links on 
Tonight’s attendance is 2,478. Thank you for your support 
NO MORE BYE WEEKS 
It's nearly here, 
Not long to go until 
What a feeling making my professional debut
Wake up, 
Come on Derby
Unbelievable win
He's settling right back into life at Kingston Park so find out more about him 
We're getting back under way across the 
History made! We're in the quarter-finals of the 
 from captain Albert 
Not the result we came for but us a long season and we go again sat. Massive shout to everyone who made the journey. massive shout to my roomy 
Hands up if you're ready for 
"
IT’S COMPETITION TIME 
"It's a tiny moment in a day that we can all be cool and be nice" - HRH Princess Eugenie was just one of the famous faces that come along to last weeks 
Kendall Jenner and Willow Smith want everyone to 
Not long now until our group CEO Richard gives the keynote speech 
"Wow, what a whirlwind since January! I’ve loved every minute – the energy, the pace, the dynamism is incredible and it’s such an exciting time to be here" 

Next week Group CEO Richard Johnson will be delivering his keynote 
Do your dance, 
PIERRE AND BRENDON TO STAY FOR… 2018! 
We're extremely proud to announce that international bestselling author 
Accentuate the positive! 
That catch by Tee tho...


What a night to be involved in
From local lad to home hero. 
I wish I could blue skidoo into last nights episode of 
Thanksgiving savings worth celebrating from us and our friends at 
So many lovely stylists in today for some fantastic requests!! 
We are giving away an exclusive 
Bring on 
Back at 
It is 
MASSIVE CONGRATS 
There's only a few more sleeps until our favourite event - graduation! 
women supporting women supporting women supporting women supporting women supporting women supporting women... 
Such an honor to work with Kenta Goto. 

Well deserved 
The performance 
Hello, weekend! 
Have you had a chance to stop by 
Shouts out to 
LOVE! 
DON will kick off his FUTURE album tour in these CITIES! 
Want to win a 2017 
We're counting down the minutes to showtime with 
"If we can become synonymous with modern motherhood and provide a way for women to find a community of like-minded women through motherhood, that would be my definition of success." 
Mist Pink by the Fresh Flower co. Loving those millennial pink hypericum berries. 
Congratulations! We're so excited for you to keep growing the 4-H movement in Kosovo! 
Aw 
A night to remember. 
Cheers for the support 
Bit windy out there today in Kent.

Stack of 
 Customers, get your 
today marks the 7th anniversary of the release of Kanye West’s My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy 
Only 3 more dates left of 
Currently streaming 
As always Ryan, we're thrilled to have you 
LOADS of rare vintage stock just dropped 
 THANK YOU VERY MUCH to everyone who joined us for 
Friends & Family is on 
 We're delighted that the brand-new 
When you get that 
We're 4 DAYS away from 
If 
She asked for a shot at the World Title... and she got it!! 
That's right 
Top tip Daniel!
Thanks 

Shout out to children in 
This completely sums up the weekend. Thanks to all involved in pushing, challenging and supporting through a fantastic 
Boom! So great to see these two YouTuber heavyweights collab 
An exciting few days ahead 
garnish garnish garnish, it's all about the GARNISH! 
Fancy your chance at chasing 
Didn't get a place in the 
 to that time we held a dog competition at work and everyone got very involved. 
 is offering 3 days of hands on 
SO looking forward to having a listen 
"Jewelry is like the perfect spice- it always complements what's already there"-Diane von Furstenberg  
"Ava DuVernay 
Who's excited for Analog (After Dark) on Saturday? We are! Craft beer, music and of course, VINYL 
MASON RAYMOND 
Cruel kids covered this puppy in glue and left him to die. You wouldn't recognise him just three months later 
Day to night to late night, check out how 
Always standing room only for Gospel Sunday during 
Coming VERY soon 
 Chasing Sun! Thanks for the 
FIRST LOOK: Omg! 
Your soundtrack for today courtesy of Eli & Fur 
A Salted Caramel and Coffee Toffee Gelato Cake is enough to make anyone drool! Our custom made Gelato Cakes come in three sizes and can be made with up to three flavours to satisfy everyone's palette 
Big tune 
Whoopwhoop! Got the new 
Hello August! Countdown for 
Let's 'Break It Down' with this newest 
Here's the Armada Deep tune of the week: 
Our recruiters couldn’t call this name out quickly enough at pick three overall in the ’09 national draft 
PREMIERE: 
 Epic Society 
And just like that, we're back! 
D-3 before the release of 
Whoooo big up 
New remix out today of 
Do it! 
 Icarus still killing it!
All support and donations are hugely appreciated 
We've got 
Dutch powerhouse 
Camping passes are now on sale, Headliners! 
Massive shouts to 
 smashing it over at 
Was starring at the cursor on the purchase button for the camping to be available at 12. Might have been the first one after the pre-sale? Tent reserved! Camping under the Electric Sky 
We're going camping, everyone! Passes for 
30 MINUTES! 
The remixes of 
TOMORROW: Will Ferrell and Mark Wahlberg are on 
  with our bosses 
Check out our new song "Another Round" ft. 
Coming this month including new one from me!

Promos coming next week! 
Woohoo, Singapore is at #1 too! Let’s keep this going 
Live with Armen Miran on IBIZA SONICA RADIO 
Two techno titans behind one track = 
Loving what I'm hearing coming from 
How can you not pre-order 
One week until my EP 'In Techno 'We Trust' drops! One week until Halycon with the don 
This guy right here! 
Feeling the Voodoo vibes 
Epic times doing what I love w/ amazing people! Thank you 
PREACH 
A view from the top 
Spoke to 
THANK YOU DENVER!! What an amazing time playing the opening weekend to a sold out crowd! I can’t wait to be back!! 
Already over 1M plays for 'Keep Your Head Up' by 
Yasssssss let's do thiisssss 
Yes!! 
Tomorrow!! 
We're so excited! 
Last night's shindig with 
If u dont feel like u fit in, in this world.. its because ur here to create a new one. 
Onwards and Upwards 
Im over superficial friendships 
Going to see 
Went to sleep at 5am, slept for 5 hours. Gotta pack then I’ll be leaving Nashville and headed to 
Who's coming?! 
Get those hands up 
Today I launched Elixir, my own sample pack label, exclusively available on 
A resource 400 samples deep of progressive house sounds, courtesy of 
Oooh, Bighead taking that #1 spot on top downloads! Big ups 
Who remembers our church session on the Six Flags bus? 
This tune is mad. Old school garage Steve Gurley bootleg vocal. Sounds tufffffff 
We wrote a new song tonight 
Monday Morning!! 
When in doubt: betsyandiya 
Our Spotify playlist just updated with tracks to start your weekend 
Thank you 100,000 followers! 
Bengaluru Tech Summit starts tomorrow 
I feel like a billionaire after using Badam-Kesar 
My second Dire straits concert after 26 yrs! # bucketliststuff 
Catch Dante at the Laugh Factory every day this week! See you there! 
WooHoo! Congratulations to Paula A on winning big at 
We're spending our night with 
Oldskool GARAGE flavours all night long as INSOMNIA present PURE GARAGE this Saturday at 
Big ups Jamal Edwards / 
We can't wait! 
Our Monday's feeling like a Friday with 
 on tonight at 6pm! 
Luckily ours was one call 
Iv just voted for my girls 
Sights set on semis 
Little bit from last night at the Britannia 
This Wednesday we'll be playing at 
Heading to Basingstoke tonight to play a stripped back set at The Loft 
Big sounds from 
When the famous Instagrammer you’re stalking IRL tags you in a photo 
Totes playing a couple of dates with 
Was pretty darn cool to meet those cats in 
Use promo code ARCADEHEARTS    Yeah yeah yeah this is gonna be dope 
Huge honour to be named Australian footballer of the year especially as it is voted by the players! Thanks to all  who helped me earn this 
What a day ! Me leaving home at 15 to chase my dream  and me 11 years later making my EPL debut never give up on your dreams 
Christmas shopping this year will be fun! Etsy Made Local is coming to a venue near you: 
Looking forward to serving up our street food at 
NEW SHOW! w/ a limited run 
Pleasure! The more we can do to recognise the achievements of SLP & spread the importance of adult learning the better 
This guy 
"Scotland's coolest city": Dundee named worldwide 'hot destination' by The Wall Street Journal 
Stunning designs by 
Sunday - Hampden Park
Wednesday - Ibrox
Saturday - Murrayfield


"Radical Hospitality" 
Finally! 
What an honor to be included!
And you did us proud! 
Great to see people finding new and interesting way to keep plastic out of our oceans and raise awareness of the problem 
Plenty of English teams in action in the Champions League tonight
You seriously need to write a cookbook. 
GIVEAWAY! 
Light reading, lol! But the first 4 bullet points are 
Taking 'research' for Malt Melt very seriously. 
Today is Transgender Day of Remembrance so to the many trans people I’ve known over the years, to those who’ve struggled through difficulties, to those who didn’t ‘make it’, and to those who fought and won - sometimes winning battles for the rest of us- I admire and respect you
Two more screenings coming up at 
Only catching up now but so many congrats to 
Main Stage favourites 
We’re delighted to announce 
Liam is ready for 
Playin 
So here’s what is coming on next 
Amazing as always 
This is brilliant work. Healthcare at it's very best. Good for patient, good for system. Looking forward to hearing more 
Hands up if you like jewellery 
Best of luck to our 
Clark with the upset on short notice 
Skill, coordination, flow 
The floor is lava 
I As well as unlimited evening golf, our 
Right, hands up if you want a bacon butty 
Don't miss out! We have a huge 30% off EVERYTHING 
Some of these buckets are incredible! 
Fresh off his second career triple-double, will we see more of the same from Lonzo Ball tonight!? 
Back at The Field today in the Les Phillips Cup...


Back at The Field tomorrow! 


Eis Haus - teaming optical illusions with ice sculptures since 2016 
"The fans deserve to go back to the Football League" 
What an achievement 
 WORK IN FOOD! Excerpts from my presentation doclab today, followed by an interactive Futurist… 
My March 2018 UK tour is now on sale!! 
Announcement! 3,550 photos for the Face of SOT collected in 29 days. Epic and on target! 
Guest appearance from 
Massive love to everyone who made it down to 
The FA Trophy third round draw was made earlier today! 
I don't know, I prefer to be covered in ghee 
Couldn't be easier to enter! 
For the first time in our history, we're in the 
Selfie pod in action over the weekend at our new residency in The Chigwell Marquees - for discount venue bookings, drop us a message! 
We're excited to have our Selfie Pod in 
Tonight's 
Only 3 days to go until 
 we'll never forget 
ANOTHER ONE 
We are proud to announce 
Sometimes I have to pinch myself! OUAS is a dream come true. We are so unique in what we offer.....take a bow everyone involved with OUAS 
These girls 
Only one year later, we got there 
It's been an incredibly busy news year, and the Print News category at 
 The A1 bargains roll on, as it's our Black Friday, 7 day sale! 
SQUAAAAAAD 
Looking for a top-quality deal on 
Twitter would be 30% more boring without you Piers 
Crisp Sandwhich shop 
What a great morning at 
Sunday Essentials 
What a night at 
Looking back at an awesome 
Teamwork makes the dream work 
These leggings 
WOW. New attendance record in Mexico, as 28,955 spectators attend first leg of League Final. 
 if you were a games maker at 
A season's worth of celebrations 
8-0 win today. Goals for 
“It is unlike any show I’ve ever seen in my life! I love MTV!” -
Leroy is the man 
Shoppers, your dreams just came true 
Birthday in the house 
Wow, Pip, I just now noticed this, well done girl! Congrats! 
The first update on a manual SLR camera system in more than 25 years! 

Reflex set-up to bring back there SLR 
What a way to start the weekend 
Thank you everyone 
Who said we can't cater for dietary requirements 
Tonight's final episode of 
The iconic Iron Bridge has raised over £27k from more than 500 supporters in less than 48 hours, illustrating a heart-warming display of public support 
What better to sample chunks of 
We’ve got you covered this winter for a great tasting tomatoes 
time for change 
Thanks for promo help - we're now sold out! 
 The Changelog #271 
Looking forward to sharing the stand with Carey and Geraldine Luce 
GOAL! There's a second for 
Congratulations on your goal and making the semis, Dom. 
We're so pleased to be 7th for 
5th for 
My dude 
Finger on the pulse 
Thanks to all who joined us in 
 week is almost over! Trying to find the closest 
A win today would have been magical. But 2nd isnt too bad either. I'll take it 
Alec Baldwin as a Minion is everything  
YESS 
The boy smashed it 
That man 
Kirkwood Mountain Resort will be opening for the 2017-2018 Ski Season this Wednesday, November 22, 2017 
Getting Excited about Ski Season ??? SO ARE WE 
Yay!!! Read pages 62 - 71 first. "Work hard and be nice to people." 
Shout out to the 
App Store Search: How to Boost Downloads with 
What a lovely, heartwarming interview 
 biggest fans at 
 Awww yisss 
Davido gets gifted a 30 million Audemars Piguet wristwatch for his birthday by his billionaire friend. 
Nigerian couple give out brand new cars, expensive souvenirs at their wedding ceremony. 
Viral Video: America's got talent finalist 
Thaaank you. 
Arsenal fans take heart!!! Smile, ya mirakool is on da way... 
Arsenal 4 life!!! Shout out to all the loyal fans! 
When you see ManU fans after Super Cup 
Out of hiding/ How He loves/ Good good Father by 
 You is a Magician . No bad song at all in your Magic album. 
Oldest brother 
I've got a story to tell one day..
It's a miracle 
Fuck Harvey tomorrow 
Oritsefemi's New Album 
 I see u bro. 
The series promises to be engaging...interactive...enlightening & fun! 
Just 3 courses, full of promise & jaw-dropping lightbulb moments! 
Happy to announce the brand Afrehia will be joining us too. 
The Sequel Namibia will be at The Great Pop Up! 

Sunday, December 3rd. 


We won guys, we won!!! 
I’ve got brow kits, w/powders in several different shades, great eye brushes, plus a lash serum that has helped my lashes & brows grow back in
More than 35k people are traveling through RDU today! Visit our website for tips and helpful resources that will keep you thankful all season long. 
Well done to 
Air strike 
Do your dance, 
Its a beautiful day for a 
It’s finally happening 
4 marketing tips from the best of the best on how to stand out from the crowd 
Get those retweets in! We’ll announce the winners at 5pm. 
Build a 
celebrating one year at 
An incredible night at the LA premiere of 
We're live! Head to our 
It's the weekenddddd 
 will be supporting 
You made it through MONDAY  
One FOOTBALL SUNDAY closer to watching at 
It's ONE WEEK until we bid for European Capital of Culture! Help make 
*BREAKING*

Our brand new podcast series 
It’s like grown-up pick ‘n mix – choose your favourite 3 for only £12 
Absolutely tearing the stage up tonight in 
The Killing of a Sacred Deer 
Huge shoutout to 
We hope you had as good a time as we did — thank you everybody who came! Direct your praise to 
Tonight 9.30 
What a duo 
Congratulations 
 THANK YOU VERY MUCH to everyone who joined us for 
 The 2018 Test at the Kia Oval is now on sale.


He's settling right back into life at Kingston Park so find out more about him 
Honoured to have my 
 Another 
'I think the media and the older generation can have a negative outlook on young people. They think we are ignorant or don’t know enough. I think that’s ridiculous'
This is Erik. He was the first person to get his hands on a 
You can’t go wrong with a classic black lace 
How are you marking 
Great little show at Tottenham Court Road for 
What a feeling 
So proud of 
We're here! 
What a feeling! 
Messi appreciation tweet. A living legend 
Personal tax allowance increased to £11,800 
Tonight! 
LONDON ONTARIO STAND UP 
We're going camping, everyone! Passes for 
 goes on sale tomorrow at 12pm PT! Purchased your 
You can make anything you set your taste buds to. Head to SONIC to bring your drink masterpiece to life! 
Toronto -- and my VIP ticket already came in the mail two days ago. 
Get in the mood for 
We're getting back under way across the 
Class to see 
HERE WE GO! The one you've been waiting for... 
For the first time ever – camping Under the Electric Sky! 
Put your hands up In The Air! 
REVEALED DAY AFTERMOVIE!
Pre-save now! 
Always good to team up with my man 
Was starring at the cursor on the purchase button for the camping to be available at 12. Might have been the first one after the pre-sale? Tent reserved! Camping under the Electric Sky 
30 MINUTES! 
Hey guys 
Weekend!!! 
Grazie mille 
Put your hands up 
'Little Drop' by 
Grazie mille atmosferadiscoteca for Saturday night!! 
'Trabanca' is going strong! Have you heard it yet? 
TRABANCA is OUT NOW! 
Grazie mille a tutti qiclubbing for a wonderful Saturday night!! 
You can already pre-save the new track here: 
Aftermovie of this insane night is online! 
Extremity up to #50 today on the beatport top 100 chart. 
Watching the 
Massive DJ support so far! 
Are you ready to be elevated at our In Trance We Trust ADE Festival in Amsterdam tomorrow? 
Set times for tonight, Toronto! See you soon 
This is the official video of our latest release “House Drop” by 
Competition round 2 is now live!

Head on over to my Facebook page to enter and win! 
It's coming. 
Have you already sent in your remix?! If not, get on it! Deadline has been extended to November 28th 
Get in the mood for House Drop coming Monday with this guestmix by 
!! 
1 Week Away... The Biggest Classics Party of The Summer... 
So many kind words 
RT if you're as excited as we are to see 
Claus Backslash - Starcatcher 
Get those hands up 
Get those hands up, it's Friday! Kickstart your weekend with 
Columbus, this message is for you! 
Thank you thank you thank you 
Loving all the support on 'Until The End' with 
Second track of my upcoming EP is Bamboo! Out this Friday November 24th 
Waiting is the worst part when it comes to releasing new music... 2 big releases still coming this year! 
Happy to announce I'll be also playing in Osaka at 
Hola Cd. Mexico! Slightly plan changes for Picnic Day Party. Due to venue problems the promoters decided to swap to another place: Hookah Satelite! Looks also pretty nice. I‘m on my way to celebrate the final party of my 4 weeks Propaganda America Tour. Are u in too...? 
 What an afternoon at Selhurst Park as the Eagles deservedly beat the Champions!
The Sunday Select playlist on 
Very proud of 
Show TONIGHT with 
Soul City Reunion This Saturday 
Turn it up 
Good luck bro! 
Sup fresh
Tag the friend who always cheers you on at the finish line! 
Hallelujah! 
Waiting for the Tide 
Shut up, no way!! 
No doubt about it!


We LOVE this! Great job Maximus! 
It's officially GAME DAY! 
Both Jimmy Johnson and 
Great times! 
Feeling the Voodoo vibes 
Are you ready? Tomorrow, the season begins 
Had an absolute blast this year as the in-game host at 
When you walk out of your last class and head into Thanksgiving break. 
Group of the Year + Song of the Year at 
Y'all be lazy as hell. Sort it out! 
Getting some really good feedback with our last 64-bit PTR release. 
Better late than never! Here's an awesome footage of our 
Crew goals. 
Single day tickets are now on sale for 
When you remember there's a new episode of 
You’re my hero 
[LIVE] Finally I get to see you guys again 
Love Patrick Hughes reverspectives --  so excited to include some of his fabulous images in the Original 45s exhibition 
Just the boost you need 
No forgetting this guy! What an heroic effort it has been from 
Wake up, 
What racing legend Ivan Lintin does in-between winning Isle of Man TT's is simply  amazing! 
PIZZA KLAXON - it's Double Up Day! 
Get any individual 1/4m pizza delivered and your second is just £2 
Wallop 
Poor 
We have Sam Lowes with us on Facebook Live at 4pm 
Race day vibes with 
PIERRE AND BRENDON TO STAY FOR… 2018! 
Best group of guys ever 
All the best to 
Glad to hear they enjoyed their visit to watch the 
Find out more as we look forward to the 
The draw for the third round of the 


biiiig showww!!!
Pit-stop of epic proportions! 
THANKS to all the models involved 
 INSTANT INSPIRATION FOR YOU! 
I loved our interview discussing 
Congratulations to our PR team for winning at the 
Good luck to our PR team heading out to 
NYC's Financial Empowerment Centers have reduced over $54 million in debt to date! 
 gotta thank 
State Cross Country “Blazers”!!! 
I just submitted my application for 
We're delighted our Wemyss Bay Terminal project won the national 
"When healthy food looks & tastes too pretty to eat 
 Looking forward to presenting later on today. Nervous, but excited to showcase Envirocache and it's potential! 
Seeing Dara on 
Wow! The support we've had so far 
Good luck to our wonderful 
Check out the latest post on 
It’s the 
To celebrate 
Three chairs - the fantastic 
There’s a lot to love about our Festive Winter Salad, but it’s all about the Wensleydale and caramelised pecans 
So excited 
Scores a hattrick to singlehandedly take his country to the World Cup. Stands at the back in the team photo. The most humble player ever 
Huge congratulations to the 
New read. 
Thank you for joining us 
Hands up for these inspiring humanitarians! 
Anyone else binge watching 
Officially in store tomorrow 
Tuesday means a new episode of 
NO MORE BYE WEEKS 
Wait, you thought we were done? Nope, it's Gift Time!! 
Niniola is hot. Her music is unique.
General Lord vignette of our place of late. Green but damp. And 
After discovering a new love for running in this years marathon, 
Absolutely delighted and beyond proud to watch our 
The fans here are next level. Like actual paps - look at their cameras! 
Two awesome messages tonight by 
And this is how we FriYAY. 
Having a Thanksgiving party and need some ideas? I've got you covered! 
Lovely talking to y’all - it was a great topic! 
Winter squash season is in full effect over at 
Paradise 
Tune in tonight on 
When you get called out 
This.  
Thank you for another incredible weekend. We can’t wait do it all again next year! 
Summer vibes with 
Blogger, entrepreneur, event planner ... and now we add 
Delighted to have the Irish Women's Rugby Team join us earlier tonight! Wishing them the best of luck in the 
Happy Friday 
Most deserved winner of our inaugural 
Sadly not bro... but Big J was there 
Our crowd from tonight's screening 
Amen to that 
What’s happening here, soon won’t exist. Being forced to collect, drink and wash with contaminated water soon won’t be an issue for 663M people! We are a movement of young people fighting to end the global water crisis! 
Get Ready 
Good luck ladies! Enjoy the experience 
 is offering 3 days of hands on 
Great Job Bludd Brothers EU! Can't wait to join the fun! NA Hype train getting warmed up! 
Thanks guys. This is epic!
Also 
We've been going for about 12 hours! About 4 more to go then it's onto a plane and away!! 
Pitch time at the 
I had a brilliant talk from 
16146 Attendees
Check out this CNBC piece on securing your digital assets, featuring 
Thrilled to announce the newest member of the 0x team! Join us in giving 
Marathon 12 nailed down in Tralee. Next up, Manchester Marathon in 2 weeks. 
Some of these buckets are incredible! 
Fresh off his second career triple-double, will we see more of the same from Lonzo Ball tonight!? 
I can’t believe that it’s been a year! Volunteering for 
LIVE!! Recorded PODCAST! FRIDAY: The Sketch Class Showcase! TOTALLY FREE SHOW!! 
ONE CLICK AWAY from the FINEST Improv Comedy Night in London! You know the score... Thursday, 8pm 3 our our HOUSE TEAMS Gonna' Be Harolding! Featuring FEAST, My Brother Jose & The Cartel! 
NEW semi-intensive 4-week INTRO TO LONG FORM classes starting THIS MONTH 
This month Do Not Adjust Your Stage are taking The Wunderkammer to 
Completely free 
T O N I G H T 
 YESSSSSSS. Can't wait see you tonight
Delighted to see HWCH 17 alum 
garnish garnish garnish, it's all about the GARNISH! 
Come on 
Amazing snap! 
Best of luck to our 
Amazing support yesterday 


We'll have every moment of the 
Woohoooo here we come 
GOALLLL!!!! C'mon Socceroossss 
We made it to New Hampshire! Home of the one & only 
What a performance by 
AUSTRALIA INTO THE WORLD CUP!
Congratulations to our 
Winter. Is. Here. 
Well done Steve & Jerry 
100 days to go 
Congrats to Paralympic snowboarder Ben Tudhope receiving the 
Result: 
Great news for our 
 courtesy of 
Great night with my friends
Thx 
In-person coaching has been truly (and unexpectedly) rewarding! 
Thrilled to set the 100 mi World Record & best the men's and women 100 mi trail FKTs at 
November weekends are for watching all my running clients hit their goals LIVE, thanks to the magic of the internet and my lazy mornings online. 
Congratulations to our Students who started rehearsals yesterday for Jack and the Beanstalk at the 
 completely blew me away, such a gorgeous and touching show with an incredibly talented cast 
One example of why 
The lovely 
For the gents who have taken up running for weight loss 
Congrats to the 
Culture pays £2.6bn in taxes- that's £5 for every £1 of public funding! 
RT to say a fond farewell to a true 
Really looking forward to speaking at 
First day touring with 
‘Inner Herbal Essence.’ 
Last day of tour with 
Such a lovely event yesterday at 
Show this tweet any time until 4pm at 
Heroes! 
Some exciting news today about a studio move into an arts community...watch this space! 
Massive well done to 
Excited to be speaking at 
One more reason to look forward to 2018! 
We've been nominated for Best Small Festival and Best Family Festival at 
Wigan's Ryan Colclough scored two, subbed off 55 minutes, and sprinted down the tunnel to make the birth of his son...

Still in full kit! 
Leo's opening his new restaurant Londrino in London Bridge in November. We can't wait! 
A big shout out & thank you to fellow 
Beautiful details inspired by Mexican artists - nearly there 
Awesome review by 
Exciting news – on Tuesday 28th Nov, all donations made to our charity on Facebook are eligible to be matched by Facebook 
This smoked cocktail is bloody awesome, @kendrick_bbq 
Wanna 
Start your weekend by putting forward a special person for a dream Garden or Home and Garden makeover: NOMINATE THEM NOW! 
! Celebrate the launch of 
Brew-tea-ful! Congratulations 
2. Eating a plant-based diet means you also dodge the high amounts of saturated fats sometimes found in animal products, potentially avoiding high cholesterol and health complications later in life 
This is why we're proud to be fully 
Looks so delicious! We can't wait to try this recipe out. 
A great way to 
WOW what a night...it was great to celebrate 
In need of some running inspiration? 
What an amazing sight to see all of our 
What a lovely comment from ex-Dragon 
Half time at the 
One of our British classics... Gin & tonic served with strawberries, mint and cracked black pepper 
Taste of Vail kicks off today with the Debut of Rose!! 
Due to a cancellation we have a table of 6 available for Friday evening! 
Please call 01695 572511 to snap it up 
Every time I use 
We were proud to join you for 
The BEST juice 
We still can't get over last week's star appearance from 
She slayed at the 
This is a prototype I am presenting at the Madrid 
Incredibly proud of the team for shipping support for libraries. This is going to fundamentally change how we work! Check it out 
If you aren't seeing Library symbols in your file, make sure to restart Sketch after updating Abstract for our plugin to reload correctly. 
Full house already at the 3rd 
Jared and Bobby share their insights on the main stage at 
Welcome to the flock 
We've redesigned Twitter to be more simple, modern, and live 
First ever 
Our students brought in over 2500 items for 
Awesome job by all involved! 
Punter/QB/LB/TE...

Our guy 
Walking out of the office on a Friday like... 
Catch the last of this year’s 
Just saw the results - nice work 
Mohamed Sanu (
“You can be anything you want to be in this world” - 
We removed the check-in process because if a consumer buys a ticket, why make them go through an extra step? -Tim Maples 
Great work! 
Congratulations Bobby! 
We won a prize at Baseball Hack Day 2017! 
Special thanks to 
This would be a great year for the 'Stros to bring Houston its first World Series title 
Watch, drink, & root for the home team w/ us inside Side Bet Bar 
WooCommerce powers the new official 
The new and improved 
So much fun!!! Thank you for coming! What a great success! 

High fives to my team for KILLING IT again today. Best folks ever! 
(rainy) Saturdays are for the beers 
SWEET PROGRESS. Exciting things are happening this week. More to come! 
It's November, which means only one thing...

The return of Eggnog!! 
We’re thrilled to announce the 9 


Happy Halloween!
Fresh in from Barcelona from 
Canes remain UNDEFEATED! 
Dream BIG kids... in 2008 
The swagger is back! 
There’s no place I’d rather be on Saturday morning than making some picks on 
Punter/QB/LB/TE...

Our guy 
Just when we thought the bromance was over, Jobama lives on! 
Tickets are now on sale for my Irish tour
NEXT SATURDAY!!! 


Stuck in NYC traffic,windows down,guy in a Mayo jersey cat calls us then asks where we're going, I've never been more proud to say 
Super pumped that ANDY C is playing 
Splashing through the competition, Water Dodger is our next big toy! 
Our kid judges pick the NEXT BIG TOY tonight! 
All the Rampendo love. 
We're still reliving this epic moment from 
Torshi at 
Dice going deep on Terminal 3...can't wait for his set at 
MASSIVE new track just released from 
We Are Saturday 
We Are Sunday 
Are you Techno? We Are 
Fank u. Luv u. 
‘Sir Roger Hunt’ 
You a good friend!!! 
What a night to be involved in
From local lad to home hero. 
All you have to do is STAY this Sunday at 8/7c on ABC to see 
Big tune 
BREAKING! 
And we just love you!
TWO shows this weekend at 
Half way through the week! Happy hump day! 
Who's ready for 
Not long to go until Creamfields Steel Yard presents 
Only 11 days to go until Steel Yard presents 
Best. Morning. Ever! Loved combatting hunger with 
Already over 1M plays for 'Keep Your Head Up' by 
We sure understand why so many names are supporting the club mix of 
Was starring at the cursor on the purchase button for the camping to be available at 12. Might have been the first one after the pre-sale? Tent reserved! Camping under the Electric Sky 
We're going camping, everyone! Passes for 
30 MINUTES! 
Up next to be added to the 
For the first time ever – camping Under the Electric Sky! 
This story is proof that walking netball is truly an amazing sport 
 Momentum is well and truly with the Roses!! It's 49-45!!!! 
Yoga update.... I still suck, but the lunchtime class is only 45 minutes 
Awesome work! Congrats Howick College 
When you win the BetVictor Gold Cup 
Congratulations to the 13 Glasgow Warriors selected for the Scotland squad to face Australia on Saturday 
Take a bow 
How do you win 12 months of SURPRISE Bundles you ask? Well, it's easy!

Sign up for one of the 12 Month Membership options at 
Big one coming up! 
November shows coming up, hope to see you at a show! 
Waiting for the Tide 
You ROCK! Thank you 
YES!! 
Such a killer playlist! 
This is what it’s all about! 
These guys are dope! 
 said it best:
"I told you! If you go to Notre Dame, you can't leave it in the officials' hands."

Profound words from 
Watch, drink, & root for the home team w/ us inside Side Bet Bar 
Spoke to 
Are you ready to go full LIVE ascension with us on tour next year? 
It's a pretty special day when 
“You can't look stupid if you're having fun!” - 
“I like to try to encourage people to focus on solutions and not the problem, because worrying about something doesn’t change it.” - 
ICYMI: Watch our Fueled by Failure Summit at 
 taking over the 
This Cincinnati-based truck driver went from 300 pounds to 45 marathons—just wow! 
The best Black Friday deals on treadmills—AND they are all live right now 
Meet Nigeria's women's bobsled squad, the first African bobsled team to ever qualify for the Winter Olympics 
Preach! 
We’re thankful for things that last, like strong friendships and our sturdy polywood rockers.  
We always got your back 
We’re broadcasting on Facebook Live with 
Save big on some of Microsoft Studios' biggest games in the Black Friday Xbox Games Sale: 
NO MORE BYE WEEKS 
Ladies and gentlemen, Marco 
Everyone in back make some noise!! 
Jay Z is such a hero for this 
Wht a rocking episode 
 We're back at 
Swaying .... On 100 Million Views ... Just On YouTube - 'Kheech Meri Photo' ... So Lets Nacho 
Igor Akinfeev has kept his first Champions League clean sheet in 11 years. Finally! 
Chelsea get us off to a winning start with a 4-0 win 
Well deserved 
We're empowering girls by giving them the opportunity to take part in a once-in-a-lifetime conservation trip, where they'll develop crucial life skills 
: Foxes, minks, & more won't be killed for their fur at 
If you don’t want turkeys killed for your 
As if I could love 
For bowl eligibility...

IT'S GOOD! 
PIZZA KLAXON - it's Double Up Day! 
Get any individual 1/4m pizza delivered and your second is just £2 
COUPON DAY, BITCHES!! 
All the glory goes to God 
These kids 
Good luck to the 
Whilst all the discussion is focused on the European Medicines Agency, we should also consider eating a natural diet, reducing the need for medicine 
Terms and Conditions apply 
We're getting back under way across the 
More great work from the awesome 
It looks like we've just found our new season coat in the Black Friday sale 
You go 
Complete team wipe for us! 
Amazing! We are taking second game, 2:0! Short break before game 3! 
Stay tuned
Like For Real!!!  
Tickets are now available to the ELEAGUE Cup: 
It's Saturday!!! 
It was better before...
It's arrived! 
It's Interview Time!! 
Looking forward to an inspirational evening at the 
The perfect 
Our HR Heads of Department are at the BII/Propel People and Training Conference today! A full day highlighting the importance of a healthy team culture, perfect training planning and a strong customer relationship 
The boss of paper 
Love the 
We're looking to expand our community wall of fame 
One of the points made at the amazing Mental Health In the Workplace event last night 
Excited for 
Awesome to see our Sanctus coach, Shayan, talking to 
The Sanctus store is open NOW!

Go to 
Congratulations, Kat! 
Just some of the names coming to the ‘Mental Health in the Workplace’ event tonight! 
Check out why Hannah at 
Wohoo! 
Excited to announce the launch of 
Sanctus in 
"You have to invest in your brand. It’s what your customers look to, to understand where you’re going in the world." 
As time expires T. Lee finds Stoll in the endzone for the TD. 
 likes my kicking videos, haha! It was an honor meeting such a great role model. Keep nailing kicks and making pro bowls! 
Great interview with 
Win a 
Explore prehistoric lands with 
WATCH: Season 8 of N60Sean is here! 
Check out our latest work for TED_ED  , with a lesson by the great Mr David Dunning. 
We are thrilled to share our latest work for 
"The value of UGC is undeniable; not a single statistic I came by had anything negative to show for using user generated content"

Super encouraging 
Really looking forward to it ! 
The strange & wonderful 
Heading to the airport from 
We had an absolute blast on tour 
We can't wait for the Sports Lounge exclusive opening at 
 raceday sponsor for the G1 in NZ! 
Hugh ripper! 
On a cold Winters day in Melbourne, this is the ultimate winter warmer 
Black Friday is here 
Results from a Speedtest taken while at sea? Sounds like 
Another winner for 
That's amazing! Well done to all involved  
Who doesn't enjoy some free stand up comedy? TONIGHT in JC's 
Thank you beauties 
Let me know if you req my input! Hi 
Absolutely tearing the stage up tonight in 
"At 15-years old, I told my teammates that I would become the best player in the world. They just laughed."

- Cristiano Ronaldo. 
About to go to my first film screening for this year... good to be back 
Brave people today on 
48 hours until 
“The Three Things Everyone Really Wants” 
That moment when you get a mention among your idols 
Have you heard? Entries for the Corpoarate Triathlon Challenge powered by Algoa FM are open 
Calling all IRONKIDS 
Great night with my friends
Thx 
Brilliant passing and tries a plenty this morning 
"Freddie Burns, take a bow!" - 
The accessibility error scanner we use at GitHub for dev and production is now open-source! 
We added another 5,000 Citizen Co-Sponsors of The People's Budget! 
Wake up, 
Great result girls 
ONLY 23 DAYS TIL FRESHERS
 has been named Modern University of the Year in 
Our communications team have made the shortlist for 
Not long now until our group CEO Richard gives the keynote speech 
We're hiring a General Manager! The GM is the effective anchor in our small team. Deadline 05 Dec. Find out more - 
"Wow, what a whirlwind since January! I’ve loved every minute – the energy, the pace, the dynamism is incredible and it’s such an exciting time to be here" 

Next week Group CEO Richard Johnson will be delivering his keynote 
3 years ago... what a boss night 
Sending lots of luck to all of the PGR students getting their results today 
Free entry for this stellar line-up from 
Boss seeing so much local talent @ DIY shows + Closing Party 
It's a wrap of the 1st day of conferences of 
Good on you, Simon! 
Exciting things coming from our Brothers and Sisters in Brixton 
We second this motion 
"The Dead Trippie" the same great burger, made BIGGER. One of two new triple patty burgers available NOW 
We'll give you another clue... they played on the Friday at Leeds! 
What band / artist would you love to see make their Main Stage debut at 
Newsletter subscribers! Keep an eye on your inbox, a 
Who's ready for new 
Recording time 
Two gigs this weekend! We can't wait!!! 
Drums and scooby snacks. Thats our Tuesday night 
York's tripping out this week for 
Morning all 
It's the start of the 
Just in time for 
Up your sambo game this lunchtime!  
Our FREE public yoga classes in Clondalkin are making a comeback! 
Last chance to pick up tickets for our demos tomorrow in 
Farewell from 
Some amazing support so far for 
I am taking over the 
THANK YOU to our 349 
We had a great time sharing our story & demoing 
A very special opening dance to start the Gatsby party off!  10 
The choice to notch up the BPM for the remix totally transforms this track. Great job, 
I still think it's Monday... TGIF actually! Off to Birmingham tomorrow for 
Brilliant night 
Reach for the lasers, safe as... 
A State Of Trance Mini Mix - Week 35 incl. our track 
OUT NOW on 
Are you ready to be elevated at our In Trance We Trust ADE Festival in Amsterdam tomorrow? 
Cannot wait to be back at Kremlin in Lisbon 
 24.30〜、2.00〜
DJ TIME 
IN THE AIR! Out now! 
Put your hands up In The Air! 
REVEALED DAY AFTERMOVIE!
Another uplifting delivery from 
Put 
Our video for And Saints is out tomorrow 
10. Great choice guys and congratulations Andy Moor 
Our new mini-LP Kid Kruschev is out on November 10th. First single "And Saints" is out today 
Thank you thank you thank you 
Thank you for the shout out 
The sensational 
Did you even go to the Airbourne gig if the lead singer didn’t cover you in beer?? I’m soaked and reeking of Stella! Mega loving life! Such an amazing night 
Just announced- 
Competition round 2 is now live!

Head on over to my Facebook page to enter and win! 
It's coming. 
Bristol! This is happening on Tuesday 
It was an incredible experience to play for 
That honor. The one and only 
BUZZED to be going b2b with 
There's still time to win a pair of tickets to see 
BEAST!!!!
Fan of 
new mix with some friends 
New York! See you at 
Just about recovered from 
 incredible set yesterday. Highlight of the day for me 
Tune in now to see our set from  
Here are the heroes of 
GREAT SEASON 
Glad you had fun Tom 
 crew! It's Thursday and you know what that means, it's going off at 
 lemme start my morning watching one of my best DVD ever!!! 
Three cheers for the future 
See you 
But if you need another one, then we've got VIP tix for the price of GA. Oh yeah! 
Loved seeing you 
It’s been such a brilliant 2 days sketching with 
GET UP FAM! IT’S GAMEDAY! 
A brilliant user researcher and a favourite team member. This is great 
A blog post I wrote for 
Use real, live words in product content mock-ups, you say? PLEASE, GO ON. 
We’ve just tackled higher tier GCSE questions on fractions, now we’re taking on decimals! Go team 
Go Hard Or Go Home 
I spent the day making websites for brilliant and inspiring women at 
Looking forward to taking part in an 
21,565 opportunities for better, joined-up care can't be a bad thing. Well done 
Yes!!!! 
Congratulations, 
OH HELLO. We’ve only gone and won 
GAMEDAY 
Still LIVE now in 
It's time for 
❝One of the best speakers I have seen in 20 years of teaching.❞ What a stamp of approval for 
Goodbye to our featured market of last weekend, and HELLO to 
F r i d a y  N i g h t 
Tuesday means a new episode of 
Cape Town... what can we say? 
Transform your 
We were proud to join you for 
We agree! Kudos to our design team for making the Tech Chino the perfect pair of pants 
Pressure works 
n.e.r.d's first new album since 2010 is coming on december 15 
Yaaas 
Tonight’s result means we now know every team that will be competing in Round 2 of the 
This week!! 
My thoughts on today’s Champions League games before they happen. What do you guys think?

Shoutout to 
Champions League With 
Been quiet on here for a while as I had some bad news last week, but I can’t stay recluse forever! Hope all is blessed with you all 
Sadly not bro... but Big J was there 
Bob Costas NAILED this. Patriotism comes in many forms, but it's been conflated w/ bumper sticker flag waving & "military only." 
 on the bus with 
When you remember 
What a brilliant launch to the Birmingham Art & Design exhibition at 
We welcome an old friend back to King Power Stadium today...

Great to see you, Esteban! 
Congrats to county over-35 men's team who narrowly lost 2-3 to Notts and 0-5 to Ulster, but rallied to beat Lincs 3-2 at the weekend!
2017/2018 Season Tickets Are Now On Sale! 
So excited for this tonight 
Another ‘Ace Ventura’ movie could be on its way 
Count Em. 
When two become one... 
The 33 players who have earned a European Tour card after today 
That catch by Tee tho...


@Imamofpeacemym my mannnnn 
Show this tweet any time until 4pm at 
Tony Pulis manager of the year! 
The WINNER of America’s 
We're underway in the second Test of the 
Thank you both for you support, hopefully see you down 
Exclusively inside Sunday’s NLP: From one legend to another 
We wish you were here with us! 
Wigan's Ryan Colclough scored two, subbed off 55 minutes, and sprinted down the tunnel to make the birth of his son...

Still in full kit! 
They've done it again! Wheelchair doubles champions 
 & Paralympic gold medalist 
Looking forward to having David McConnachy back with us again in 2018. 
"Can you put something like!"

What a result!!! Strong character from the team, and the fans were amazing!! 
Take a bow, 
When you remember the legend that is 
Don't miss out on the chance to win a signed copy of Mike Brearley's new book 'On Form'! 
I'm team 
Congratulations to our 2017 Newcombe Medal finalists 
Catch the newly crowned 
25 pictures you may have missed...but need to see. 
Top of the table 
Amazing support yesterday 
Okay 
Yeessss!!! 
Tickets for this weekend's first home game! 
That win was all for you 
As always Ryan, we're thrilled to have you 
Brilliant to see so many 
Wonderful choir featuring 
New XP20's going on the rear of 
"Be a voice not an echo." 
No forgetting this guy! What an heroic effort it has been from 
Here's to a thrilling 
Those statement boots you need! 
When the 
Max Fineday of 
World number 1 or not, 
Lineup on point 
PIERRE AND BRENDON TO STAY FOR… 2018! 
Members of our staff with the turkeys, milk, butter, bread, bacon, eggs & freshly made pies that were all purchased w/ donations from staff dress down days! Amazing effort supporting our 45 families!

Shout-out to my amazing colleagues (listed & tagged) who help me make 
And we’re so proud to have you in the Laureus Family Marcel! 
THIS. 
Being quiet and sitting still are not the blueprint for success 
Do ur learning walks like this!
Great process 4 this powerful, job embedded PD.
Especially appreciate 
"I saw.." vs "I liked..."
while synthesizing observations.
Check it out. Valentina even includes the forms to use! 
A school project with out-of-this-world reach! These students have been building handrails for use aboard 
TGIF: Thank Goodness It's Film-Day... err, we mean FRIDAY! 
Here’s how I live code 
  Hooray for our newest Patron Saint supporter: Newfangled Studios - 
 rise! 
Congrats, O'Sh! The ultimate teammate enshrined forever 
Pre-sale tickets for the 9th Annual 
The race route for the 105th edition of 
Thanks for holding it down homie 
America here I come! 
What a great morning at 
Wicket 11 is the best!!! 
 to the amazing 
Honored to receive 
Tonight we welcome 
that new 
Cleveland Get Your Tickets Now!!!!! November 25th 
Dallas Get Your Tickets Now!!!!! November  24th 
They Done Added Ur Boy To The Tour 
Happy Publication Day 
“Yo, this is who I am and this is how I feel about certain things. Fuck with me or not.” 
Ms. Meighan's class is doing an awesome job singing the new Open Shut Them 2 song! 
 is returning to Toronto Nov 26! 
Legit line around the block for tonight’s show in Salt Lake City!  
 F R I D A Y 
"If you're a boss, you've got work to do." On diversity, talent and retention 
3) New Orleans elected their first female mayor, 
Thanks Angels! You are truly magical! Here’s to 
I wish I could blue skidoo into last nights episode of 
Awesome! 
And the Host(ess) with the Most(est) award goes to…. Nathan Lodewyk! 
Soz Fonts, avoiding the 3am Birmingham bus followed by 9hrs of Uni yet again. But now 
Weasel Head Flats were not cleared of snow. Fat bikes and 
Another amazing performance by 
 BRIGHTON 
TGIF, baby! Who's ready for some weekend adventures?! 
SPRING BLOW OUT SALE
Gear up, Army! Here is our full interview with the boys of 
Huge thanks 
 fantastic 
I just love love love this band 
I agree with u Bishop. May God continue to bless u with the boldness to speak truth when it is popular and esp when it is unpopular.
Congrats Christiana MacDougall Fleming - our newest PhD graduate - from all of us at the School! Great job! 
Remember to head by 
Amazing to see '1992 Deluxe' by 
This guy 
NEW UPLOAD: 
Finally new music from 
This weekend, the one and only 
Heartbeat is tonight at 
Take a Dino-bite out of pain
So obsessed with this! 
This girl is definitely 
WWD SQUAD GOALS! 
Those barefoot, sundress, 100 degree 
Foreigner, Captain America, Frozen, and you 
Did you know we're doing a street food residency at 
Did you hear about our brand new Official Ambassador Jake Zyrus? 
These crispy duck umeboshi, little gem lettuce, plum sake sauce and cucumber are making us too hungry! 
Just released our official recap video on YouTube for "What Happened" 
The wait is almost over
Are you creative, passionate and looking for a start in the music industry? Then 
Friday vibes so strong, coffee not necessary 
Wake up its 
You + your best buds + our Rooftop = 
My interview for Digital and Computer Arts. Thanks, 
 FYI, you've been added as a maker of The Design Directory on 
I have been part of 
Chasing waterfalls? You'll want to chase The Bouma Waterfalls on Taveuni Island!  
And this is how we FriYAY. 
Color isn't just for fashion. We're following this genius healthy eating guide from 
Raid support is live in your Alert Box and Event List for those who have it. Can't wait for Twitch to officially release this feature! 
A dominant display sees the Wolves finally pick up a deserved home win. Very well done, boys! 
Amazing project to be a part of 
This FRIDAY!!! Be part of the community and come and watch the 
Just look at those colours! Fresh seasonal veggies just in from 
Get the date saved!
Same angle different trick 
Alan watts though 
Little bmx throwback... 2007 1 foot invert back when the quarter hadn't been ruined 
Having a stove makes the van 100x cosier 
"Everybody needs someone who's always going to advocate for you" 
Wishing a BIG congrats to 
I am so so so excited for 
Catch us at the 
Manic scenes at Soup Kitchen during hound dog 
The Miracle of Sevilla 
This level of hustling 
 
"Since I care about my health and try to eat quality products as much as I can, I always choose 
When you get the creepiest, most excellent 
History made! We're in the quarter-finals of the 
Brilliant video 
In need of some running inspiration? 
You go, girl 
"Credit to the Indian people. It's been a great World Cup. The atmosphere has been really fantastic"

 | What a moment for 
Accentuate the positive! 

We're BACK! 
Great rehearsal today with 
Take A Part work with and for communities in Plymouth - This work is made possible through 
NEW BLOG: The infinite diversity of the human body by Claire Hodgson from 
NEW CLUB ANNOUNCEMENT - Welcome to the SQUAD 
Ladies! 25% OFF your most essential piece of gear: a proper 
Big shout out to our McLaren+ members settling in to the 
VOTE NO to 
I'm with LOADS of hers. 
Friday + fall colors =  
The countdown is on! 
More pics from the 
SAVE THE DATE: V for Visibility 21st of September 
Bread is life. And 
WHAT A DAY 
Pleased to be at the 
The best place to celebrate 
Get ready for it! 
JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE!!!! 
Off to Surrey this morning with 
Dream end to a perfect season! Victory in 2WD on my home 
Come over and have a spin of the 
Out of hiding/ How He loves/ Good good Father by 
Lovely to see you again yesterday 
 woman cards in EFFECT for 
 Bosses being boss at 
Some views just never get old 
Raise your hand if you're ready for 
Now that’s a look of victory! Congrats 
Pssst- superstitions may just pay off. They did for brothers 
Like we need another reason to get pumped for 
Houston we have some extra tix for tnite 
Coming in nowww 
Final preparations for this evening's 
The reason why Jeff Stelling won Celebrity Fundraiser of the Year at the 
It's official Movie Lovers 
Russian monster 
The sign is up! BIG congratulations to these two teams. Thank you for representing this area and making us proud. 
Marisa with that W! 
A great day 
Congratulations to goalkeeper 
The final 24hrs of our Kickstarter. Tomorrow night our celebrations start.
 straight over to the old man
Huge respect to 
Big result today beating Everton 1-0 away from home. Great shift from the lads & happy with a clean sheet 
Mayweather 
That's why he's the best. Ronaldo 
NEW EP 
Great to see some of our ex players turn up to support, in particular legends of the Red shirt 
 David McGoldrick for Ipswich...

- Games: 150

- Goals: 45 

- Assists: 24

Mr. Reliable!


Can't wait to be fully fit again and back on the pitch helping the team. Just wana score goals and win games 
DERBY FLASHBACK | John "Shaggy" Taylor bags a hat-trick against the Posh in 1989
 
We are not worthy! 
That moment you realise there's no international football until March. 
Up the mighty 
Can’t pay we’ll take it away 
It was another special day at Chelmsford on Day Two as we welcomed the Club's past County Champions! 
M. Stoneman - 85
J. Vince - 82
D. Malan - 56*
G. Ballance - 51*

A strong start for our batsmen 
Foam rollers provide great relief for sore spots in muscles. Get all the info you need: 
We're honored that Great Place to Work names Aker Solutions one of the best companies to work for in Brazil!  A big thank you to all our teams around the country for making this possible!  
The incredible 'Body Language' from 


Be prepared, here's a list of their 
 hey Somz le nna ke tshwana le bana ba bangwe hle.....from tomorrow I'm going to grind with you yasssssssss
Full-time: Qarabag 0-4 Chelsea! 

Job done in Baku, with goals from 
The moment just before 
Tonight we're hanging out with 
One of the stars of our Brunch Club: Vegan Eggs Benedict 
See you next year 
  can’t wait till January, just need these tickets now, Brixton here I come 
Waving my hands frantically 
Set times for tonight's 5th Birthday business at 
We are counting the hours down until 
Love this...been getting a spectacular reaction. 
Huh, looky looky, she'd load of 
We can't wait! 
Our Monday's feeling like a Friday with 
DJ MD and 
Big ups to 
That was a happy accident! I ran into master Nozaka san in daikanyama ! 
Axtone Presents is going live on Facebook at 4pm GMT! 
1015 Folsom tonight with 
Herve Renard has been making miracles happen in African football 
Get your questions in! I'm excited as I am in the picture to answer 
THREE DAYS TO GO until 
This tune is mad. Old school garage Steve Gurley bootleg vocal. Sounds tufffffff 
"When your on your grind, just keep in mind nobody owes you anything, so you won't get in your feelings when you don't get what you want" 
Midnight 
We want to give a Big thank you to 
Set times for tonight alongside 
My new track “Sweet Lies” ft. Sam Gray is finally out today! 
SWEET LIES - OUT THIS FRIDAY!! 
Only one week until Fall Break 
Shout out to K-Rob & Rammellzee's 'Beat Bop' and a few other long records I was able to leave spinning to run back and catch the excellent 
Fresh tunes from 
GOAL! Carter doubles our lead, tapping in Evans' low cross! Come on you Gunners! 
Nice one Luke, thanks for coming
Big one 
Tomorrow!! 
Monday Morning!! 
We love this tweet sharing of Sydney pics, send in yours! 
Brilliant post by my former student Rhys Herbert on why cycling to Keele is the way to go! 
Tickets are just £8, and seats are limited! So get yourself a seat secured now buy purchasing a ticket. 
Artist: Silas Onoja strikes again, with another masterpiece
Huge thanks for the play last night 
Guest appearance from 
ANOTHER ONE 
Black excellence. 
Thank you...  
 Already Made the 
Happy Friday indeed 
FT: CSKA 2-0 Benfica

Igor Akinfeev has kept his first Champions League clean sheet since November 2006 
Tracy Ellis Ross is and has been a superstar, style icon and incredibly good at playing married with kids on tv lol. 

Kudos to her tbh
Aaand we’re off! 
Issa Celebration 
A Special helmet for my home race! Thanks to 
Delighted to have you with us next year Filipe 
That’s so awesome 
Fall weekends are 
That’s so cool 
Best group of guys ever 
S.E. Hinton, expert on classroom management and student engagement! 
 deals are HERE! 
This Cincinnati-based truck driver went from 300 pounds to 45 marathons—just wow! 
The best Black Friday deals on treadmills—AND they are all live right now 
As if I could love 
The new 
Happy World Fisheries Day! Cheers to all our researchers and partners working together for sustainable fisheries 
Preach! 
Can’t wait for this one tomorrow 
Is there anything more soul-satisfying than a fresh batch of naan bread? 
Why we do what we do 
Ummmmm.... yeaasssss!!! We’ve been wanting to go since you know when 
All things are bigger & brighter in TEXAS 
Smash 72 hours in 
It looks like we've just found our new season coat in the Black Friday sale 
Ours too. Because it's Monday, and we're watching 
Thank you for coming out Cardiff 
my remix for 
Morning Brum! Rob & Katy are back on with ya 
Shout out to Michael 
Now that's how you celebrate staying in for another week of 
thormovie continued it's domination of the box office this weekend! 
2 million streams on Finders Keepers remix with 
Been waiting since 04/08/2016 
All hail to the mighty King Kong! 
Levi’s® Music Project x 
Live on 
SO PROUD TO PRESENT "MY PROJECT, THEIR REALITY" THE DOCUMENTARY!! MOVIE WE FILMED IN AFRICA AFTER LOSING ALL HOPE WHEN WE LOST CHINX & MAX B WAS INCARCERATED FOR 75 YEARS! THE HEARTWARMING FILM FEATURING MY BABIES 
Go check it out. 
Don’t miss 
Glad to hear they enjoyed their visit to watch the 
Find out more as we look forward to the 
The draw for the third round of the 
Another game, another Timo 
Show your support for Germany's EURO 2024 bid by uploading your picture to 
Feels good doesn't it, 
Take A Part work with and for communities in Plymouth - This work is made possible through 
NEW BLOG: The infinite diversity of the human body by Claire Hodgson from 
Skiing 
The boss of paper 
Performing Rzweski @ Vox:3 last month BRILLIANT STUFF 
Art Night returns 7 July 2018, curated 
Nick asked me to help out this year ! Enjoyed every minute ..... met some incredible people :) 
Check me and my column in 
So today's the day, my book 'Wrecking Ball' is available, so grab yourself a copy 
Its Wingtip! 
Offer | Our official compression partner 2XU’s Black Friday deals have begun – 30% off everything including outlet! 
Tonight we welcome 
that new 
However intense your tastebuds dare to venture, our 
Another lunch pick for for 
Can't decide what to have for dinner? We've just solved that problem for you...
It's a wrap of the 1st day of conferences of 
Skincare goals 
 LMP2 Pole Sitter #36 
Retweet If You Love GOD 
All your 
2 more weeks untill you can get THIS 7 days a week 
Awesome coverage of 
Inspirational day by 
Back on one hull & counting the days until the 
Only 3 days to go until 
Tonight we were thrilled to welcome 
Did you even go to the Airbourne gig if the lead singer didn’t cover you in beer?? I’m soaked and reeking of Stella! Mega loving life! Such an amazing night 
THAT FEELING 
Big congrats to Academic All District COOKE, A.BATENHORST, JANDA, MILLER, NIMTZ, WOLFF, SILVEIRA, VANVALKENVURGH, PERRY! 
Great article on our venue from 
Air strike 
Re: my question for women interested in working in cybersecurity, Susan Landau said "Be tough (as a woman in tech needs to be).Think broadly and deeply, including usability and where Gov policy is heading." TY, Susan!
My dad said yes
Sharks on “S” Sharks on “S”
S.U.N.S 

Filming something very awesome today...who’s excited for the next single!?!? 
Jordan Kunaszyk's GAME-WINNING INTERCEPTION in double OT is the  
Glad you like it Johnathan! Thanks for ordering 
RT to wish a happy birthday to 
Thoughts and prayers to everyone in Vegas and who was affected by the shooting 
Congrats! 
Good luck ladies! Enjoy the experience 
It's Friday. Go ahead and celebrate. 
Andrea Pirlo has announced his retirement from football. 

Grazie, Maestro 
You’re the best! Driving 4+ hours every game! 
Congratulations to the 2017 
REVEALED: 2018 
Downtown Indianapolis action with 
Great pitches from 
 Thank you 
Makies in action! Set up at the Big Four is in full swing, and everything is looking SO awesome 
New music out now! 
The 105th 
Want to win a VIP trip for two to the 
All you have to do is STAY this Sunday at 8/7c on ABC to see 
We’re thrilled to announce the 9 
We're excited for our annual Festival of St Cecilia event tomorrow! Looking forward to seeing lots of you there 
Read about how 
Great initiative from 
And we’re so proud to have you in the Laureus Family Marcel! 
I buy almost all the tracks that I play out at shows. Support your favorite artists!! 
PIERRE AND BRENDON TO STAY FOR… 2018! 
Happy birthday to Chad Kroeger of 
"You give me purpose everyday, you give me purpose in every way" 

Dream end to a perfect season! Victory in 2WD on my home 
Hope everyone's ready for our annual awards night tonight with guest past sponsored rider and maiden 
Arizona! See you next March at 
Lets get the 
WOW! 
About to GO OFF tonight 
The UK tour was EPIC 
"I've never been one dimensional baby..."
Pressing play on 
Let's go back and do it all again 
What a night. Thanks to everyone who came out & made it so special, and to all the musicians who slayed. 
We've had 
YOU DID THAT 
 lemme start my morning watching one of my best DVD ever!!! 
It's amazing what you can find when you work for your turns. 
Time to bust out the snow reporting! 13" in 24 hours and 15" in 48. 
MY GUYS
 Big up Hot Since 82! 
In action! MOVEMENT FESTIVAL TURIN. 
Playing this 
Amsterdam we are ready! 
Great interview with 
Yes yes! 
JUST ADDED! 
Happy Friday!

These two fantastic new 
'Horatio (from Miami)' by 
IN THE AIR! Out now! 
Put your hands up In The Air! 
REVEALED DAY AFTERMOVIE!
Hey guys 
Put your hands up 
'Little Drop' by 
We head to the USA w/ 
Weekend!!! 
Grazie mille 
Grazie mille atmosferadiscoteca for Saturday night!! 
Grazie mille a tutti qiclubbing for a wonderful Saturday night!! 
We've arrived at Bury St Edmunds for the 
Check out our new song "Another Round" ft. 
Claus Backslash - Starcatcher 
FOOTBALL IS BACK!
We've got 
Our video for And Saints is out tomorrow 
Our new mini-LP Kid Kruschev is out on November 10th. First single "And Saints" is out today 
Dutch powerhouse 
THE BIG MAN IS BACK! 
Dallas! Want to hang out with me at 
Are you ready to be elevated at our In Trance We Trust ADE Festival in Amsterdam tomorrow? 
Huge thanks to everyone on our grime & UK rap panel earlier today at the House Of MTV 
Let's 'Break It Down' with this newest 
Every time I use 
We are lovin this 
We were proud to join you for 
The (frankly) incredible level of support I get from 
Awesome feeling when I played 'Born To Rage' from my new EP for the first time live! 
As is yours 
We've just hit 3 MILLION streams on 
Shooting the We Could Go Back video in Tokyo was amazing! Where would you travel back to? Share them using 
Make sure you find someone who will rave By Your Side to 
Loved being a guest Bobby, great vibe on the show and in 
From struggling with English as a recent immigrant to becoming a successful YouTube influencer 
This tweet continues to break all records 
Gluten Free pizza with tomato and pineapple…does it get any better than this? 
There’s a lot to love about our Festive Winter Salad, but it’s all about the Wensleydale and caramelised pecans 
Main Stage favourites 
Get in the mood for the weekend with 
 to this moment with 
Delighted to have 
Monday's are quickly becoming my favourite day of the week thanks to 
Congratulations to our brand ambassador 
Great pic and 
Looking forward to meeting everyone at the Image Business Woman of the Year Awards tonight 
A sneak peek of our new Irish Handmade Almond & Pistachio Nougat from 
 is offering 3 days of hands on 
1 WEEK TO GO Here's the stage times to our mini-festival with 
Footage from our last gig at 
Wagyu Ragu 
Hearing SOOOO many great things about 
The women behind 
Two Hockey legends confirmed as Athlete Role Models for YOG 2018! 
Deep crust in one hand, beer in the other… that’s a happy pizza lover right there 
T U E S D A Y
Stage times for tonight:
8pm 
Oxford pop and soul singer-songwriter 
Shout out to K-Rob & Rammellzee's 'Beat Bop' and a few other long records I was able to leave spinning to run back and catch the excellent 
The higher you get, the nicer it gets 
What a tweet! 
YES YES YES! 
EXCLUSIVE Deal from 
COME FIND US!! 
Spring memories of beauty and beauties in the park 
This is a terrific cause and a terrific ranch! 
Liam is ready for 
Truth is not something outside to be discovered, 
It is something inside to be realized.” - 
INDY! We’re having a 4-day special offer to over 20 upcoming shows! 
Breaking news: 
My dad always told me, "Surround yourself with good people." I think he'd be pretty happy to see the awesome people I get to work with. 
Just 2 more days until Batch Z is release at the Brewery. 
Inspired by all the 
Behold 
As we near the playoffs, we would like to congratulate all of our focused athletes on their great seasons thus far. 
Now this is a goal we can get behind 
Remember 
Titus is our hero 
Why not tie in a round here at 
Enjoy an experience like no other here at 
Thankful for the Ws. 
Ballantine of poached foie gras, caramelised spiced pear, sauternes jelly and pain d'épices - yes please! 
We're excited to have Gavin Strange 
It's Monday.

Which can only mean one thing.

A new 
Day 3 in our 
These four 
SOLD OUT!!! We celebrate 10 years of 
Not long now till the Delta Heavy boy debut Paradise Lost at 
We are thrilled to announce the return of 
WeeklyChris 2.0 
Day to night to late night, check out how 
It’s Dubai time again! 
It was a pleasure to meet Strahil aka 
Big ups 
Another massive week at Fubar 
Fubar Saturday tonight 
Last Wednesday here at Fubar 
Bit late on this but big big shouts to 
Getting us in the mood for 
Top tip Daniel!
Thanks 

We're back to raise the roof 
Listen out for Prince George's favourite show 
My little sister SMASHING IT 
Absolutely love embarrassing this fantastic man & today we did it in spades! Love you dear leader 
Accentuate the positive! 
Pass
Thank you so so much 
This season has been phenomenal 
Always a treat to hear the highly motivational 
Storico Scallops 
Chuppah goals at 
Lucky enough to welcome 
At the amazing 
Only 24 hours until the 
Well well, the time has finally come! This is going down in St-Barth starting Thursday 
"Good for your health and good for 
Make sure you join us & X Factor star 
Christmas concert! 
You ROCK! Thank you 
 goes to Tony who is taking part in the 24 hour Ultra Marathon tonight in aid of Children with Cancer UK. 
This just in...WOOHOO!! 
Just in: Porchland adds more artists to its tasty line-up 
Soothing our souls 
Our recruiters couldn’t call this name out quickly enough at pick three overall in the ’09 national draft 
Hugh ripper! 
Super night again last night in 
When it's all said + done, we'll always be 
The full stop on a CV that would rival any 
North Port Oval 
We're here at the newly redeveloped North Port Oval, home of the 
Gee wizz Dustin 
Magical morning, Lough Currane, Waterville 
This!

Reminded of amazing talk from 
Some stunners here 
“You can be anything you want to be in this world” - 
Great news! 
You are the coolest 
Standing ovation for Aziz & Lena! 
SUPPORT the fantastic 
Lucky for y'all we're open from 4PM-1AM tonight too! 
Thx for mentioning Norigami and our events! 
Yaaaas. We love Olivia 
"Free bleeding may have been weird at the beginning, but when you get used to it, it is the most liberating thing you and your uterus can experience." 
The impact of a teacher is never nothing. You bend the arc of a life. 
Last night we launched 
This "Young Dumb & Broke" and "Thunder" mashup is perfect 
On my way to Berlin 
This Saturday in Birmingham 
My last gig in UK/Europe this year will be this big one 
Getting me through this Monday late shift is the top man 
The Coral - Tim Peaks - Kendal Calling 
Definitely gets our blessing! 
Congrats to our portfolio companies 
Massive shouts to 
Heading into Dublin this weekend? Want a pint of yours truly? You'll find us in 
For your Friday 
Big news from us! Great to announce this and to achieve a fantastic result for our investors and Funds I and II companies alike - onwards! 
Exciting news!! Here We Stay has just been added to 
I'm playing my first show in 
Straight off 
They know what’s up 
This melody never gets old...
After already having received some huge support we will release the amazing 
Sign.me.up. Tried to get my fertility tested earlier this yr & it was unnecessarily complicated with my current provider. TY 
Look moma I made it! Type in 
 Icarus still killing it!
Huge Props!!  
This track is just plain beautiful. 
thanks for the kind words 
these are incredible! 
Passion Tees!! 
GUESS WHO'S HOSTING THE 2018 
When we x 
SURPRISE
Yeah!!! Appleton represent 
SQUAAAAAAD 
Tonight’s attendance is 2,478. Thank you for your support 
We are extremely proud of our accredited coaches, tutors & all those involved with the 
On my flight to Seattle, can’t wait to see my family 
The arts & culture industry has grown 10% in a year & now contributes £8.5bn to the UK economy!  
Today's workshop is on 
The companion album to the show everyone’s talking about is in stores now! 
 hands up if you're having a good time 
GREAT NEWS! The economic impact of arts, culture & creative industries is HUGE 
It's good to be back 
Looking forward to meeting up with 
it's the official launch party of our 
Delighted to of trained my 20th winner today since we had our first runner 4 months ago. Thanks to my owners and staff at Warren Chase. 
The little one has arrived 
Our HR Heads of Department are at the BII/Propel People and Training Conference today! A full day highlighting the importance of a healthy team culture, perfect training planning and a strong customer relationship 
Northern Ireland has a new hero 
Good news - the Fort Bridge is now open! 
 If the other two cost half as much as the Dandy man then it will be a good field of grass 
This weekend is all about that hotbed of talent 
Looking for a top-quality deal on 
Such a killer playlist! 
We are really really excited for this! Can’t wait to see you! 
Campaigning works, solidarity is key & good news! Its now more the norm to support each other 
Bring someone along to cheer or volunteer and if you’re between 4-14 you can join us to run, walk or jog 
Massive love to everyone who made it down to 
Had a lot of fun at 
If you're in Melbourne you're in luck because it's time to announce our brilliant guest speaker for the Melb Summer Series Workshop! It's 
Mr 
One week today it’s the  
Congratulations to Lisa Rees-Renshaw from 
NEW ISSUE! 
Thanksgiving week in full swing in Soho, and the pastry case is looking good. 
Our director 
NEWCASTLE THANKS 4 HAVING US, CANT WAIT FOR FiRST EVER BIRMINGHAM SHOW W 
We are now SOLD OUT of general tickets! 
Buy your ticket & coach travel for 
Great times on the road so far. Bristol   - see you Oct 15 
Little prep today for UK tour starting next week Oct 11 
Really excited to be heading to Nottingham and coaching after the euros 
  Huge congrats to the amazing 
Thank you to all of our Year 1, 2 and 3 Student Reps for all of their feedback in today’s SSLM! 
After over a week of brilliant performances 
Yes and Yes, 
Thrilled to set the 100 mi World Record & best the men's and women 100 mi trail FKTs at 
The Silver Arrows brought their A game to the 
What a night so far, and we're raising the knob up to legendary! 
I'm stoked. What about you? 
I'm hyped about this main card – this is what these nights are all about... What are your thoughts? 
I was wondering the same thing .
Here are some exclusive prizes you could win by watching our 
We are honored to have been ranked #2 for waste on the 2017 Sustainable Campus Index 
Absolute pleasure! What a wonderful company of fun and hard working young dancers! Big chukkas for your performances 
Valencia's movement, here we come 
Rejoice, 
when you remember it's the first $1 beer night of the year and you don't have to work tomorrow 
Do ur learning walks like this!
Great process 4 this powerful, job embedded PD.
Especially appreciate 
"I saw.." vs "I liked..."
while synthesizing observations.
Check it out. Valentina even includes the forms to use! 
T's of ELs:
How are u Using Tech?
Go beyond teaching English.  And go beyond quizzing w 
Woohoo! Just registered to attend the world's largest conference on happiness and wellbeing - Happiness & Its Causes - with none other than 
Adulting can be tough but Guiding’s got you! 
YAAAAAS! 
Beard goals. 
Fantastic portrait photos of the 
We couldn't be more proud to have this group of student-athletes represent 
Totally agree re 
Beautiful! 
Couldn't free more.
Not that impossible. Who will join 
CEO's take action & establish 
Bb. Surf Spray FTW 
The Party Girls are in town
Brian, you’re a true hero for this 
U wear will close tonight at Midnight.  Don’t forget to get those orders in.  They make great xmas gifts. 
Touchdown Union!  
Turn around 
Special guest appearance by Backpack Kid during the 
Yes!! I love it! 
Congrats, 
Legit line around the block for tonight’s show in Salt Lake City!  
Kids of the 90's rejoice! 
BREAKING: Sevilla coach Eduardo Berizzo revealed to his players that he had cancer at half-time of the Liverpool match last night. 

We wish him the best 
 completely blew me away, such a gorgeous and touching show with an incredibly talented cast 
Guys!! I am loving the vids I took yesterday!! 
There may not be performances of 
Were you affected by the Boxing Day floods in 2015? If so, you'll be relieved to hear about 
'Money is like manure. You have to spread it around or it smells' 
"If you know someone who seriously needs to embrace who they are without giving a f**k what anyone else thinks, you might want to slip this into their stocking. Or go ahead and treat yo’self." 
Wigan's Ryan Colclough scored two, subbed off 55 minutes, and sprinted down the tunnel to make the birth of his son...

Still in full kit! 
No hero, just doing the right thing 
Morning to one and all, hope that the day treats you well and 
Wake up, 
Together, we can stop bullying! Leaves of what to do wisdom by Yr 3 
Thank you Flo 
Big one coming up! 
November shows coming up, hope to see you at a show! 
WEEKEND WATCH: On Saturday we invite one of Germany's key house labels to EC1 as Running Back take over 
This is gonna insane 
Hello North Americans, get around me over the next two weekends 
GOAL OF THE WEEKEND 
 I love this that much
ANOTHER ONE 
The best part about 
IF the cricket is as competitive as the build-up, we will have a cracker of an Ashes 
Next week is the big one, the boys have put themselves in good positions to qualify but it's not over yet! One more week powering through our matches at Hashtag HQ. Thankfully we have the best fans in FIFA to cheer us on!!! 
Nice one Luke, thanks for coming
Don't forget to get your hands on one of our Limited Edition Bobby Moore Cards before they sell out! All proceeds go to 
Tonight's 
Including 
The Ashes starts *tonight* 
 We're proud to be supporting 
This man. 
 Thanks to the hundreds of 
 U23s kick-off their season at home to 
Watford looked so strong today. Massive from 
That was loads of fun 
Brilliant result for 
Let's hear it for the boys! 
 Come on Shona& 
We’re busy planning our 
Barry is a dude!
Amy & Ellen, 14, two of our fantastic Campaign Champions, report back from a very busy month of campaigning! 
Great that 
We’re celebrating our support for 
Come on gunners wooo 
Can’t wait to see ya 
Woohoo! Bring those dancing shoes 
Want to WIN lots of goodies? Simply RT + F all brands tagged in this tweet & tell us why you should win using the hashtag 
Accept no imitations 
 That feeling when football is back! 
#1 in Singapore!! Let’s keep this going 
Woohoo, Singapore is at #1 too! Let’s keep this going 
Standing ovation for 
 So pleased for and mega proud of our patron 
Issa Celebration 
Congrats to the Digital Commerce & Innovation Team at Wakefern on a successful Downtime Dollars launch for ShopRite...great job everyone! 
"Conviction and comfort don't live on the same block." - Lisa Nichols 
VINYL 
Children having a ball here 
It's the final half hour of an INCREDIBLE weekend of incredible women 
What's hiding on your bathroom shelf? Come down and find out 
Thanks for being a great customer, we truly appreciate it! 
Already love peru. First bus experience and they're playing 'can't touch this' on loop. HAMMERTIME 
We've seen some brilliant 
 deals are HERE! 
Take a bow 
London called Denis for a few reasons... 
The 2017 
Huge shoutout to 
Breakfast workshop on fetching client docs for efficiency with 
Hey Jess and Chris from 
Beetroot is the star of the season! Check out our gorgeous Beetroot Chocolate Cake  
History made! We're in the quarter-finals of the 
Now this is a goal we can get behind 
You seriously need to write a cookbook. 
Who’s got that 
Job done in Malmo. Quarter-finals here we come! 
Foam rollers provide great relief for sore spots in muscles. Get all the info you need: 
Who's got that 
Wake up, 
So today's the day, my book 'Wrecking Ball' is available, so grab yourself a copy 
At 
In need of some running inspiration? 
Forget Burnley v Newcastle. Enjoy the final minute of Padiham v Widnes instead. 
A little Monday morning inspiration, courtesy of 
Congratulations to the 13 Glasgow Warriors selected for the Scotland squad to face Australia on Saturday 
 has been named Modern University of the Year in 
Sunday throwback to bonfire night! With my people's! 
And of course to the wonderful woman who led us into battle in spectacular style - Mel Giedroyc 
How incredible is this!!!!?? Our first LA pop-up shop!! 
Our Robyn raising money for 
More tickets available for our December date in Leeds! 
TL;DR for Wed, November 22:


We love 
Thanks for all the messages of support.
Yaaas 
MY GUYS
What Mr Shi & Fosun are doing for us 
They're back 
"The fans deserve to go back to the Football League" 
ANNOUNCEMENT: we are excited to share our next special which will be a tribute to living legend 
Really glad to hear. And that Tusks track is 
'We're going to surprise people'

Fascinating insights from 
Just a few days to snap up the remaining few tickets for our black tie ball 
Got a Jungle-inspired question for our 
Just look what it means to Buffon! 


Sir 
Officially, Sir 
Brilliant evening with our West Wales graduates! Congratulations to everyone! 
We can't wait for 
Can't wait, Toby. 
A fab weekend in Leeds, and lucky enough to see 


Be prepared, here's a list of their 
“It’s not just the big things, we need to do the small things well. It’s the small things that can matter”
Well said 
 I will count these as a success 
2. Eating a plant-based diet means you also dodge the high amounts of saturated fats sometimes found in animal products, potentially avoiding high cholesterol and health complications later in life 
This is why we're proud to be fully 
*BREAKING*

Our brand new podcast series 
Weekends are for exploring! 
"OK, good, now make it look like I don't know you're taking the photo."  
Anyone else have that Friday feeling? 
Will the Dubs reclaim their title or is Sam heading West this weekend? 
Only two more sleeps until the final! 
Massive Congratulations to our Dacia competition winner, Denise Gallagher 
The Ashes starts *tonight* 
Just in time for 
Up your sambo game this lunchtime!  
Our FREE public yoga classes in Clondalkin are making a comeback! 
Last chance to pick up tickets for our demos tomorrow in 
"We hope he can play a big part for us now..."


On stage at the 
Btw a big burden thank you to the NHS staff at 
We love when 
"...it's hard to beat NETGEAR's 
Powerful pic in 
Did you know? The 
PDC | A big thank you to 
Great to see some of our Girls Elite PDC players in the squad! 
Exclusively inside Sunday’s NLP: From one legend to another 
Wow what a shot by the big man 
I couldn’t be happier for 
Guest appearance from 
DON'T MISS IT // This Saturday at 
BRIGHTON OFFER >> 
24-7 Rock Star Shit is so damn good. IMO a return to form and surpassing all expectations 
FIRST SHOW OF TOUR W/ 
Toronto -- and my VIP ticket already came in the mail two days ago. 
  Huge congrats to the amazing 
Happening Now: Oval Open House! 
 SIX OF THE BEST!


 Great companies need great spaces! 
Downtown Indianapolis action with 
Great touch & volley from a ball playing Centre Back 
GIVEAWAY! 
Adulting can be tough but Guiding’s got you! 
YAAAAAS! 
 we'll never forget 
 in 1992, I scored one of my favourite career goals for 
Know It All Challenge on RIGHT NOW! Tune in to see if Mark can take the champ 
Rise and shine! 
Denver throwback 
Back in Cali 
My day is happy every time I listen to the álbum 
wow okay you guys i just found out Still Buzzin was added to 
If you want to cry, watch 
Meet Nigeria's women's bobsled squad, the first African bobsled team to ever qualify for the Winter Olympics 
Shouts out to 
LOVE! 
EXCLUSIVE 
 star 
D-3 before the release of 
There's only a few more sleeps until our favourite event - graduation! 
Color Green was just added to 
Single day tickets are now on sale for 
Talented people of 
, we're back this weekend for even more talent! Don't miss your last chance to audition for 
We are SO ready to find brand new talent in 
One of our fave funny guys 
You tell ‘em, Stan! 
Say whaaaaat?! Thanks 
Really excited for this 
Having the best day 
Can’t wait for 
Newry Cathedral Tonight 
Sights set on semis 
Huge congratulations to the wonderful 
A thing I wrote is the the Stage! 
This is so brilliant and some of the most brilliantest are doing it. 
Zane 
Stan working the room at tonight’s  
Only 3 days to go until 
Sarah congratulations your academic excellence in medical imaging has been recognised by 
Kevin Bridges has added EVEN MORE dates to his Hydro gigs 
Reporting on the gin festival at 
Thanksgiving week in full swing in Soho, and the pastry case is looking good. 
 taking over the 
DON will kick off his FUTURE album tour in these CITIES! 
My dude 
The squads all tagged here 
Already over 1M plays for 'Keep Your Head Up' by 
 latest song is SICK! Been on repeat all day long!! 
Happy to read all the good comments about our latest track In The Air!
My boys 
IN THE AIR! Out now! 
Put your hands up In The Air! 
REVEALED DAY AFTERMOVIE!
YES YES YES YES! 
Keep it up Newcastle, 38,000lbs lost and counting!! 
Thursday November 9th, the day we officially launch the first of our 
Whoop! 
The Hairspray company bringing ultimate 
We'll be handing these out again in no time! 
2.7 Million spectators 
We've been down at Blundells Corner with 
78' NOT 28 - 27 EAL

2 points down, 2 minutes to go...a masterclass in how to stay calm under pressure 
Legends 
Thank goodness our hotel room has a washer and dryer in it 
Gates are open 
 Thank you for the memories! 

Chris Coleman - who guided Wales to the Euro 2016 semi-finals - leaves his job with Wales to take over at Sunderland.

More here: 
Comment below for your chance to get your question answered by 
Christmas has come early! Guess what everyone...we are now open on Sundays!! 
: Foxes, minks, & more won't be killed for their fur at 
If you don’t want turkeys killed for your 
Stockholm 
Churros for breakfast? Yes please! 
Feedback like this is what we love hearing Gary 
First day of tech in this beautiful building 
OMG this building is incredible 
Last back to back shows done 
This week we're saying 
Watch our new video and see how 
MasterChef: The Professionals continues tomorrow night at 8pm on 
An another amazing class by 
SALUTE the class of 2017 
SALUTE 
Our partners 
SALUTE to all of the folks who have continued to press for recognition and reform of Form 696 
Voting has now closed to find the winner of 
In a nutshell, everyone is reading Helen Garner, and Helen Garner is reading 
today marks the 7th anniversary of the release of Kanye West’s My Beautiful Dark Twisted Fantasy 
Earlier today Harry & the team headed to Bishopsgate Tesco and gave out free London Ice Tea 
Lovely times at Club Lakota, Bristol on Friday 
This weekend, the one and only 
Thanks fam.. 
Saturday night was sick 
REST IN PEACE TO MY BEAUTIFUL SISTER LISA JONES 
Ronaldo with the assist to Benzema and he scores 
Catch myself and fellow 
Throwback to this classic jungle mix from D&B legend DJ Micky Finn 
Earlybird tickets for our return to London on NYD go ON SALE Friday at 1pm 
LONDON!
The warriors are coming back 
Jay Z is such a hero for this 
 gave me the most joke yesterday! 
We could listen to 
In case you missed it, 
We are giving away an exclusive 
Just out of 
The god that is 
US President, Jimmy Carter and Obasanjo in 1977. 
Who else thinks Obasanjo's agbada swag is epic? 
Morning Parkers! Here's today's 
 for all coworking spaces in 
 to Redbrick member Chris on capturing the most amazing aerial shots for ITV1's - Bear's Mission w/ Anthony Joshua
 -Baby girl
Enjoying the Show alot
wooooo I am just seeing this. I really appreciate you guys. Thank you so so so much!!!!!! 
 Lovely Set today enjoyed your Set , great voice 
Lets do this. 
YOU DID THAT 
Some good North Korea related news for a change:

We have now helped 700 NKorean refugees + their children reach safety and freedom! 
Finally!!!!!!! 
Props 
We're locked in to go hard with 
Issa Celebration 
For your pre-Thanksgiving therapy (Wednesday), we're excited to bring 
 the crank set ...... 
ABBA I belong to you 
Respect for a legend 
FT: CSKA 2-0 Benfica

Igor Akinfeev has kept his first Champions League clean sheet since November 2006 
It's a blessing to be working on music everyday. 
Awesome to hear 
Black Friday is nearly here and we are in on the hype! 
SOUTHAMPTON get down to The Loft TONITE to see us & the mighty 
Swizzler now takes GWorld! 
Great interview with 
New YouTube video 
Check out our new song "Another Round" ft. 
Our Opening Night Gala sponsor always gets the best spot on the red carpet. 
The companion album to the show everyone’s talking about is in stores now! 
Game day! 
Who: 217 Academy clubs 
Thanksgiving turkey, better than leftovers and a 3-day work week  
 made easy with this chicken and butternut squash risotto. 
Why did we have such a good day you ask? Because we didn't have to make lunch this morning & biked to work 
Can we say "Alleluia 
Wise words from a modern engineer. We hear from 
Yusss it's 
Well hello 
Polular with bands like King Gizzard for its lo-fi sound and great for recording guitar amps - hire the EV635a on the site today for $15 
Hope y'all had a good Easter! We spent it fist-pumping and dancing front row for the godmother of punk 
Everyone needs to see 
Haven't heard harmonies like this since The B52's 
Totally band-crushing on Totally Mild 
Totally Mild totally nailing their first gig 
Our first 
I will be attending my first Rails Camp 
I realise that I've been a much calmer, nicer and generally happier person since I started doing our academy program, mostly because I can get a real sense that I'm learning & that I can do stuff. It's great! A+++ for challenge and personal growth. Do it 
Feedback on the first workshop run by 
CONGRATULATIONS to our Centre's Associate 
Today's long tweet:

Thank you, Andy! 
The must-have cult baby items mums swear by via 
Texas is the state with highest female Hispanic, African American and Veteran entrepreneurs! 
Great week start to dive into the complexity & importance of 
That's where I got my start, too! 
Thanks to all that attended our 
THE SKIPPER HAS WON IT FOR ENGLAND 
#7 in our summer series is our great friend and super talented 
Woohoooo here we come 
GOALLLL!!!! C'mon Socceroossss 
What a performance by 
Hope you liked it! See you all 
Day 3 in our 
I don’t know how I’ve only found 
Best of luck to our 
One of our British classics... Gin & tonic served with strawberries, mint and cracked black pepper 
New shop front looking on point 
Igor Akinfeev has kept his first Champions League clean sheet in 11 years. Finally! 
Chelsea get us off to a winning start with a 4-0 win 
Join us every second Wednesday for SNOW FACTOR SOCIAL! 
This completely sums up the weekend. Thanks to all involved in pushing, challenging and supporting through a fantastic 
Congratulations to Michelle Garton from Wyndham Primary Academy, Derby, winner of the Gold Award for Teacher of the Year in a Primary School 
'Cluttered in stuff, cluttered in mind.' - 
Yesyesyes!!! These are the voices that matter most! 
Have 
Looking for those learning level tags you're seeing on so many whiteboards being shared here on Twitter? They're available on the Visuals page as a free download! Here's the link: 
SHOUT OUT this morning for 
This is what it’s all about! 
Jacket goals 
We have the best fans 
Do not forget to vote every day. force and it's close to bon jovi this RockHallFame
They’ve rocked 
Sold out crowd for 
Exciting times ahead Neil! 
We are very excited about our big news! Thanks for sharing 
For the first time since 2003... 
Flawless! 
We've always considered hospitality one of our strong suits. Now our students are winning international awards for it! 
Unofficial results...we have our first XC All-American in program history!! 
 if you're excited for tomorrow's match against Duke at home inside Reynolds Coliseum...first serve at 4 p.m.
Comeback kids 
 BRIGHTON 
He's settling right back into life at Kingston Park so find out more about him 
We're getting ready for our magical screening of The Many Adventures of Winnie the Pooh! 
 YOU LOOK AMAZING OMG!!!!! so excited to see your killing it with this outfit 
Sup fresh
4 day weekend starts now! 
Punter/QB/LB/TE...

Our guy 
Solid 
FORGET 
Come celebrate the start of the season with us at Cityzens Saturday! 
Have you had a chance to stop by 
Ready for our next LoL event 
Going to see 
You can get your own 
However intense your tastebuds dare to venture, our 
Almost time to announce the 
OPEN FOR ENTRIES 
Exciting to be part of the 
Were you at 
"Scotland's coolest city": Dundee named worldwide 'hot destination' by The Wall Street Journal 
Stunning designs by 
Thunderbolt of lightning, very very frightening.... 
I hadn't noticed that a few days ago I passed 1000 species in iRecord, so here is my 1000th species seen: Plain Golden Y Moth
We're getting excited now... 1 more sleep until 
Heavenly tiramisu for dessert at 
Pancakes with dulce de leche and banana ice cream 
Young Lions!!! 
Playing 
Absolute best day at 
Exciting news – on Tuesday 28th Nov, all donations made to our charity on Facebook are eligible to be matched by Facebook 
Coming up tonight on 
Middle of the month seems a good time to remind you of our spring special 
When someone's photo is so good you share it as soon as you see it 
 10 years ago today the greatest live album of all time was released. 
 Welcome back 
Bojo Novo today. Ta to the brill 
Look back and celebrate how 
Golf can bring everyone a piece of joy 
NEW: The 
Back again! 
Whoa there pickle! Its the weekend 
Ha...Remember it well  
The iconic Tomahawk steak returns! 
Guess what? We're expanding to Chicago! RT and tell all of your friends so we can bring our fight against food waste to the next level in the Midwest. 
Tune in NOW to hear the fabulous 
 So much love for 
Tickets for our London show on the 19th April have SOLD OUT. We can’t wait to see you there! 
My amazing sister killing it 
Did you know that Norman plays guitar on 'In Undertow'? You know now, listen here to Alvvays waxing lyrical about Teenage Fanclub 
Huge thank you to 
Bao for breakfast! 
Shut up, no way!! 
This is the face of a smug bitch about to go home 
Happy for the women right now, both on Red & Blue 
My very first Christmas special premieres on 
1.000.000 Good Vibes 
We're going camping, everyone! Passes for 
 goes on sale tomorrow at 12pm PT! Purchased your 
Almost ready to kick thing off for 
For the first time ever – camping Under the Electric Sky! 
Walking into 
Great prizes up for grabs 
Waterfall landing directly onto a beach... only in Homunga Bay 
Great news - we’re back up and running again! Hope everyone has a great night 
"We, the entire spectrum of the feminist movement, are building an unstoppable current." 
"The Weekend" keeps playing in my head even when I'm working...
Since 
Happy to announce a first of its kind partnership with 
Cheers for the support 
Awesome to see 
Introducing Share on Remind—a faster, easier way to share links to your favorite content, tools, and resources. 
There’s no place I’d rather be on Saturday morning than making some picks on 
7 
 Mike Skinner announces the return of The Streets in 2018


 3 WEEKS TO GO! 
let's raise 25K 
GOAL! There's a second for 
Congratulations on your goal and making the semis, Dom. 
Still buzzing from 
 in 2012 we had the incredible 
@healthybodynutrition -  Get your your ISO Amino to recover faster and also taste good
My fav UK Hip Hop show was this morning...always sad to miss it live but cannot wait for the link to listen later...
Check out our new 
Do ur learning walks like this!
Great process 4 this powerful, job embedded PD.
Especially appreciate 
"I saw.." vs "I liked..."
while synthesizing observations.
Check it out. Valentina even includes the forms to use! 
Another fantastic 
26 week’s paid parental leave by 2020 
great to see 
HELLO PEMBROKESHIRE 
Great work to the team 
 was so good! Thanks 
Only 7bikes left for BEAT class tonight 
And here is to our busiest class 
My FUSION crew absolutely smashed it this morning 
WOOOHOOO WE DID IT AGAIN
*BEATS AND CLEATS*
It's finally here again 
And we launched 
Finally! sublime-like CMD+P behavior in 
Fill us up! 
Tickets are now available to the ELEAGUE Cup: 
Remember you can download our Bitesize app on iOS and Android for quick revision on the go: 
Well done Brad! 
Does DT need a rebrand to get students excited? I'm thinking "how to create wonderful things with your brain and hands"?! 
So proud to support 
Great Value Every Day, with Iceland 
The imperial assault app is finally being talked about again and a new article by fantasy flight! No date yet just says coming soon! 
Exciting things coming from our Brothers and Sisters in Brixton 
We second this motion 
"The Dead Trippie" the same great burger, made BIGGER. One of two new triple patty burgers available NOW 
We Were Out In Force Last Night
There's something special happening in DnB behind closed doors right now. Haven't seen this many heads talking in unison for a minute. 
 Banging 
Donating blood. Saving a human out there with the 
It was another special day at Chelmsford on Day Two as we welcomed the Club's past County Champions! 
You can see all of Gareth's photos now online here: 
Bigtime new issue of 5 Magazine released TODAY! With 
IN UR SPEAKA 
 Start your weekend with great music! Our overall TOP10 are off the chain right now! ft. 
*** ANNOUNCEMENT ***
A brand new youth group for 11-14's is coming! 
Wow. In great company as part of 
Accentuate the positive! 
What a great start to the week!! Congrats 
6,000 views in under a week 
1000 views in 24 hours! Good things to come 
Doors are open at McCooley's Mathew Street 
Shuffleboard in the house 
From stocking stuffers to sparkling skirts, Tommy's holiday collection has something for everyone 
Rock New Year in Las Vegas with The Chainsmokers! You and a buddy could be on your way to Las Vegas for NYE, enter now for the last chance to win: 
Winning style, winning sounds. Congratulation to 
Winners wear 
Design Director Mariam on the opening of our central London store she says: “I’m so excited that we’ve opened our first flagship store on the kings road. It means that customers can come in and try the fabrics, touch the clothes, try things on.” 
Back to winning ways 
This is what it means to win the title! 
The match winner is currently speaking to iFollow. 
All was worth it mate, made it as a pro, playing at Stamford Bridge and Okd Trafford!! Can’t ask for anything more, I’ve been very lucky 
This is fantastic: C2030E partner 
BLACK FRIDAY DEALS 
When you realise you've made it half way through the week! 
Forget Zlatan, this is the biggest comeback of the weekend!!!! 
We need a laugh this morning 
I just met an elderly transwoman who said "I'm 75 years young... and still a hot bitch!" 
The cat's out of the bag 
NEW STORES// ⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀⠀ ⠀
Fred Harrison CEO of @ritchiessupermarkets who agreed to range our milk on the spot (amazing 
Can't wait for this one! 
Huge EP out June 2nd 
I love this place. 
What’s shakin’ UES?? WE ARE cause we officially got our liquor license! Visit 
A big congrats to 
Ibiza with a LEGEND 
Today's the day! Sunday Funday with 
If you need us, we'll be by the bar with a couple of these cinnamon peach mules 
 to some of our favorite parties from 2013, 2014, 2015 and 2016 -- all of them with 
And the Host(ess) with the Most(est) award goes to…. Nathan Lodewyk! 
 Congrats guys for this amazing track, tomorrow, 400K plays for Hero on Spotify. Still one of my favorite, you are the best
Great Spirit/Tarantella! 
Hands up if you're ready for the 
 played 
Hey guys! Tomorrow I’ll take over 
Addicted To = Out Now 
Today I launched Elixir, my own sample pack label, exclusively available on 
A resource 400 samples deep of progressive house sounds, courtesy of 
Thanks Cindy!
1 million views & counting!! 
Thank u for the luv 
Very proud to have hit 200,000 sales of Cola in the UK. Props to 
MADISON SQUARE GARDEN ON FRIDAY!!!!!!!!!! 
Reply with 
This song is all you need to get dancing at 

The most awaited single day passes are finally out. Grab them before you miss out on your chance! 
FULL SUPPORT 
Big up to 
Tonight we are partying with 
[LOYAL FRIDAYS]

Join us this Friday and stay loyal! Best music presented by DJ eM Bee 
We're back with Fabric Fridays & 
Brand new release on SHOWLAND! 
'Take Me' by 
Pre-save now! 
Hey Martha, you took us to church and back 
 showing us love last Tuesday 
THIS 
 can't wait to see your set 1 last time before you head off to the east coast
We throw pretty sick bday bashes;) That means FREE champagne for u & ur friends
that new 
Let's Goooo! 
 #36 on the 
We're loving 
The music industry often says it's impossible to book a festival line up with gender parity. Well, The Plot just did. And it's AWESOME. 
 to Brunch at 
Both Jimmy Johnson and 
Water is open for the LTC! Feb.28th is the earliest in 40 years 
MASON RAYMOND 
Women empowering women! 
This Cincinnati-based truck driver went from 300 pounds to 45 marathons—just wow! 
The best Black Friday deals on treadmills—AND they are all live right now 
Check out all these amazing book covers from our 
We're excited to show off the 
Well deserved 
Tuesday’s just got a lot better! As of today, we will be open Tuesdays from 3pm-9pm 
Great work as always 
Just finished up these lovely 
 thought you'd appreciate this! 
Awesome stuff happening around the country this week for 
Great stuff guys!! 
Bumped into a mentee from 
Amazing! Why not head down and say hi if you're in 
A bit of Kelly Clarkson now at over 20 hours in 
 thanks for a fabulous spa day treat. The afternoon tea finished it off nicely! 
Good morning all! Please help my friends kid in their fund raising attempt for 
He came for the qualies. He leaves with a trophy.

Filip Krajinovic was one of the feel-good stories of this year's 
Thanks everyone! This is set to be a fab event, not long to go now! 
You've done it!! Thanks to all of your amazing support our appeal's first £250k is now in the bank!! The current total is £252,003.48. So that's just £997,996.52 to go... Best get cracking!! Go 
Thank you everyone! We sold every last arepas this weekend and even closed early - thanks for the support! 
 Join us here this Friday for Women's Entrepreneurship Day (
There's not another person alive that's like Kortni. Get to know her when 
My private lesson time-slots for the entire month of November are OPEN! 

Snag your spots right here:

Does that background look familiar?! 
"Independence and access to choice was and continues to be at the epicenter of the craft brewing community’s vibrancy." - 
Heading at 
Can't wait to see "The Do Or Die Issue" by 
Very exited to attend the 
Buzzing that 
Two remixes out today! 
Way to get it done at home 
Tobin, Leroy & Beast live from 
BELLA LOKA - Escape - .
New ionicons v4 sneak peek! Update to iOS 11 styles 
Early morning meetings in 
SASS & LESS w/ NPM imports (!) has landed on 
Let the fun begin 
 community manager Tanya Grady is featured in 
The ghd platinum was the winner of the best straightener at the 
Thanks for the Birthday love!!! 
We've been doing good at the soccer kicks and header shots recently. Let's keep it going. 
Can't believe its been 5 years. Miss you dude. 
Our 1st Cup victory 
The countdown is on 
 congrats 
So dope. We’ve also got these for sale at our shop in Miami 
Welcome, David! We hope you enjoy your visit 
Shoutout to our very talented friend 
I really really really hope 
The (frankly) incredible level of support I get from 
In need of midweek plans? Look no further, 
Passion from 
Big thanks to all who came down to vote for our pitch today. 
So is 
6.45am Saturday with rain about to set in. 
Huge thank you to everyone who bought a sandwich T-shirt. We'll be sending you your T's later this week and sending 
Just when we thought the bromance was over, Jobama lives on! 
Brilliant Peeps talk today with 
Oh Jesus is a winner man... 
We are really looking forward to see you there! 
★★★★★ "
Oh yes, oh yes! 
Writing with the lovely and amazing 
Dutch powerhouse 
 underway 
The last few months we’ve been working on our line up for next year. We’ll be revealing our first wave of names at the start of next week! 
Have you checked out Hard To Find by 
annnd the winner of Collaboration of the Year presented by 
Massive congrats to 
Whoop "Do It" is Grimmy's tune of the week! Production by 
Shout out the 
Check out this amazing tune by 
Congratulations on winning the Favourite Artist award at the 
10 DAYS TO GO! 
T U E S D A Y
Stage times for tonight:
8pm 
offandon_barbershop that was an awsome night! Thanks to all of you! You were fu**ing cool!
The Latest: 

First wave artists announced for 
First wave artists announced for 
Big ups Jamal Edwards / 
Rave for a good cause this Saturday 
In case you missed my 
Nah, but srsly... Can someone help us write the script so we can get 
Who else is tuning in to 
Y'all be lazy as hell. Sort it out! 
We've seen some brilliant 
Thank you for your support! 
Great work! 
Congratulations Bobby! 
We were proud to join you for 
4 hat-tricks! 
If you haven't seen this package about 
Our recruiters couldn’t call this name out quickly enough at pick three overall in the ’09 national draft 
 | 
Well played! 
Full-time: Qarabag 0-4 Chelsea! 

Job done in Baku, with goals from 
Who else is ready for Week 6?! 
Not been a bad few months in the 
Congrats to the 
We’ll get in one last batch of cinny scrolls 
BodSLAY motivation 
When it's all said + done, we'll always be 
The Player of the Match is none other than our master swinger 
Get those retweets in! We’ll announce the winners at 5pm. 
 Double the recognition this week for the Cardinal! 
Spring is right around the corner... 
So stoked that 
REDBACKS WIN! 
Hanging out with Dolly Parton, y'all! She couldn't have been a sweeter, more gracious person to interview. Truly honoured! 
 YOU LOOK AMAZING OMG!!!!! so excited to see your killing it with this outfit 
Show TONIGHT with 
"You give me purpose everyday, you give me purpose in every way" 

 SIX OF THE BEST!


Today we’re launching Twitter premium APIs to kick off the next era of innovation for Twitter developers. 
What a day on Saturday for the 
 & 
Got one! Thanks 
Deafened and inspired in equal measure by 
 Finally did it :)
What an energy 
Super pumped that ANDY C is playing 
Manchester that was lush 
PDC | A big thank you to 
Great to see some of our Girls Elite PDC players in the squad! 
"The fans deserve to go back to the Football League" 
Keep dreaming, fly high 
Smashing the House In Liverpool with a new one of mine 
This Weekend 
Very proud to have hit 200,000 sales of Cola in the UK. Props to 
Tonight we are partying with 
[LOYAL FRIDAYS]

Join us this Friday and stay loyal! Best music presented by DJ eM Bee 
We're back with Fabric Fridays & 
Amazing feedback on "Hoohoos" from 

If you missed our ‘Building Your Team' live-steam last week for 
 lemme start my morning watching one of my best DVD ever!!! 
Literally counting the days before I see 
Already over 1M plays for 'Keep Your Head Up' by 
LONDON ONTARIO STAND UP 
PREMIERE! After the wild success 'Tribesmen', 
WOW! 
About to GO OFF tonight 
 to the Continent Battle 
Great support so far!  
 dropped by 
Hear a new song from 
Number 6 in the 
If you want to cry, watch 
Wishing a BIG congrats to 
It’s a whole new experience for Pandora on 
Best nigth! 
Us at the 
We are honored we got a chance to play in 
We're proud to have supported the incredible 
Earlybird tickets for our return to London on NYD go ON SALE Friday at 1pm 
LONDON!
The warriors are coming back 
LINE UP ANNOUNCED 
My very first Christmas special premieres on 
And we’re so proud to have you in the Laureus Family Marcel! 
Veggie Castle For The Win 
And who wouldn't want that?? 
England's youth in 2017 
Bob Costas NAILED this. Patriotism comes in many forms, but it's been conflated w/ bumper sticker flag waving & "military only." 
WooCommerce powers the new official 
The new and improved 
We’re broadcasting on Facebook Live with 
That Cha-Ching sound of the 
Congratulations on your first senior call-up 
Art Night returns 7 July 2018, curated 
Love it when my music & TV collide and no show is doing it better than 
Amazing volunteers like Julie & Yvonne gave 9,750hrs of their time for 
Amazing snap! 
Get in the mood for 
Set times for tonight, Toronto! See you soon 
Such an honour to be involved, what a fabulous night! Thank you to 
 Check out the remix I did for 
We're 
We can't wait to see everyone at our platform_la popup tomorrow 
When Friday can’t come soon enough 
Thanks to networker 
Axtone Presents is going live on Facebook at 4pm GMT! 
See you all very soon!!
Fall essentials on lock. 
We'll be in approx. 205 theaters this weekend. New theaters in BOLD. 
 we're coming at you with a very special 3 night 6th birthday celebration!! 5/6/7 October, let's do this 
Pre-save now! 
  Thanks to 
The first edition of 
 are you ready for night 2?! 
Want to WIN all these goodies for you + your BFF? Head over to our Insta for a chance to WIN 
MAsSIVE shoutout to 
Never stop dreaming… 
1 week to go and we do this!!!! Can’t wait to be back in Manchester with 
The bossman laying down 
How long have we been waiting for this one!? 
Nice work!! 
I couldn’t be happier for 
Do your dance, 
Thank You Melbourne 
Big shout to the 
Big thanks for the vibes in Shoreditch last night for the 
My dad said yes
We are giving away an exclusive 
Good luck to the Coedlys team in the 
Love to our host, 
I climbed over the O2!  
An inch shorter and 27 operations later, golfer Marc Cayeux's comeback continues.

He has had an incredible recovery. 
Some of these buckets are incredible! 
'It's not a sin for women to play cricket.'

This story is truly inspirational. 
To celebrate 
Don't miss out on our 
Just gonna leave this little nugget of wisdom here for you 
Nice to be featured in 
What a year for 
Crazy to think in just a little over two months we've had an 18% increase in electric taxis! There are now 72 operating in the city. 
Class having a couple of teamies in here - well in girls 
Sending all my good lucks this morning to 
I'm on my way to watch you 
Any recommendations for a good campervan hire company? Looking to tour Scotland between rugby matches next week 
Pleased to be speaking at this event today about Outcomes from a young person’s perspective 
It's World Antibiotic Awareness Week!

GCU nursing lecturer Val Ness talks us through the six-step technique to cleaning your hands 
Personal tax allowance increased to £11,800 
Delighted that 
Have a good week and get creating 
When you find love in what you do, watching a vision become reality! 
The repairpros 
Chasing waterfalls? You'll want to chase The Bouma Waterfalls on Taveuni Island!  
One sleep to go until the first 
Free events? We've got 'em! 
Never gets old!

Thanks 
Thanks to all who joined us in 
Huge congratulations to GB teen 
Hang in there 
 to an awesome night in New York City with Spark CEOs, founders and executives 
We had a great night with our community talking about taking the stigma out of mental health. Thanks 
How have I not known about 
Can we say "Alleluia 
Both Jimmy Johnson and 
Great times! 
Spring memories of beauty and beauties in the park 
Nacho ordinary Monday—it's 
Did you know that 
It's official! 
For bowl eligibility...

IT'S GOOD! 
Retweet If You Love GOD 
See you soon 
 Don't miss seeing 
Every time I use 
Way to get it done at home 
Let em know Sean. If they don't want to respect the Cane's. Will make them. 
Kevin Austin to the 
Season opener is less than a week away 
MAYE DAY!


This Saturday! We've got a lunchtime fight at 
Back again? 
Let's go Canes
Awesome to see 
Serious 
GOOD DEAL: 

Attend 
Team work makes the dream work! 
Splashing through the competition, Water Dodger is our next big toy! 
Our kid judges pick the NEXT BIG TOY tonight! 
A simple 
Glad you had fun Tom 
 crew! It's Thursday and you know what that means, it's going off at 
Lord... Wrestling Aja Kong, LuFisto & Cheerleader Melissa in a span of 72 hours. What a 3-day span for 
When you finally get a few minutes of fall weather 
Ye Ne Boa Me

BOA ME LYRIC VIDEO OUT NOW

Thank you, Justine!


B O O M 
Get 
LIVE!! Recorded PODCAST! FRIDAY: The Sketch Class Showcase! TOTALLY FREE SHOW!! 
Got a Jungle-inspired question for our 
Musician Sarah McQuaid received funding through the 
Holy mother forking shirtballs 
Our Spotify playlist just updated with tracks to start your weekend 
One week today it’s the  
Wow the raffle prizes for the 
'Mad skills, kick ass tunes, cheeky as f**k' 
Delighted to report that the trapped seal in Port Talbot has been successfully rescued and is now at a specialist wildlife centre 
A hug for every player from Mauricio after a job well done on the opening day. 
 The 2018 Test at the Kia Oval is now on sale.


Tonight 9.30 
Just in time for 
Up your sambo game this lunchtime!  
Our FREE public yoga classes in Clondalkin are making a comeback! 
Last chance to pick up tickets for our demos tomorrow in 
Wake up, 
Yaaas 
Just look at those colours! Fresh seasonal veggies just in from 
OH HELLO. We’ve only gone and won 
It was incredible to perform at home in London after so long. Thanks to everyone who was with us at Hammersmith Apollo on Saturday! 
 is one talented human 
Struggling for Motivation?

Just watch this Paralysed coach take a dive! Incredible! 
We're back playing in London early next year! 
She conceived through IVF 
It looks like we've just found our new season coat in the Black Friday sale 
Happy Monday! Go get it 
So it's 
Big tune 
Phones Been mad this evening! Thanks to everyone for the messages I appreciate them all 
Set times for tonight alongside 
Officially started decorating my desk for Christmas 
Last night's early Thanksgiving dinner was banging 
AMP LOST & FOUND 2018 IS HERE  
Icon 
Big Daddy Kane

Master Ace

Roxanne Shante


Who: 
Off to Barcelona tomorrow! 
Platte County Football District Championship Hype Video 
Platte County Football State Semifinal Hype Video 
Saluting 
Another unexpected bucket list accomplishment 
So happy for you man. You’re the reason middle linebackers wake up so sore. Rest up, 2018 brings big things. 
A “Situ-Asian” like no other before, achieving something no one else in ONE history has – put your hands in the air for your new simultaneous two-division world champion... ONE Lightweight & Featherweight World Champion, Martin Nguyen! 
This is what it’s all about! 
The Champions League is back! 
Fantastic to welcome 
Peace is the beauty of life.  
 deals are HERE! 
Awesome man! It’s what we do! 
Blessed to see some rad places and meet even better people!! 
When you say last cast and it finally pays off!  
"If we can become synonymous with modern motherhood and provide a way for women to find a community of like-minded women through motherhood, that would be my definition of success." 
Accentuate the positive! 
Some awesome words about EQUATE! Check out the full review: 
DON'T FORGET! - This weekend marks the start of our Saturday home fixtures. Join us for the day! England V Samoa will be shown live around the AJ Bell from 3pm followed by our clash with Northampton Saints! A day not to be missed! 
ppl designing new lessons at our 
The countdown is on! 
We've helped mark 
great performance from the boys
Also want to thank everyone at 
GUESS WHAT: You can now listen to my new album ‘Lisbee LIVE’ on 
Former Confetti tutor Paul Allen has reached 90% of the 
We are thrilled to announce the return of 
How incredible is this!!!!?? Our first LA pop-up shop!! 
My energy has been so positive this week. Made my 2018 goals, spread some kindness to those who needed it, took a little more time to listen to myself. Just good vibes all around. 
Omg yes, lets make this a thing 
Antonio Brown is on my fantasy team...it was a great night 
Coming up: on Mon 27 Nov a day of FREE events & activities 
"We are people, not diagnoses." 
 Watch England & Australia go head-to-head at Emirates Riverside next year! 
 Our final two batsmen for DCCC's first-class 
 Does the legendary opener, Wayne 'Ned' Larkins, make it in your DCCC 
Kevin Bridges has added EVEN MORE dates to his Hydro gigs 
Event Sat Dec 2nd - 
The moment 
Our 2-1 win in the 
Huge shout out to the AB Field groundstaff who worked from 6pm to 4.30am overnight to make today's match happen 
IT’S COMPETITION TIME 
Take A Part work with and for communities in Plymouth - This work is made possible through 
NEW BLOG: The infinite diversity of the human body by Claire Hodgson from 
Well done to our award finalists 
Singer-songwriter 
What an inspiration! 
MasterChef: The Professionals continues tomorrow night at 8pm on 
Braggin' Rights for Football is back!

I As well as unlimited evening golf, our 
 Captaining your country at the age of 20... 
 | What a moment for 
Find out when legends collide at the Vitality 
We are full, thank you, thank you, thank you for all the support! 
Highlights from 
Here we go again 
Make your holidays a little merrier with 
 coming in clutch with the brand new Silverado for $13 bucks a day 
Did you go on 
Not bad getting a great review from someone who knows 
Congratulations Viv, it was wonderful to have you and your family here! 
Day to night to late night, check out how 
We're looking forward to it too Conor! 
Looking great! 
Hey Ireland! Hands up 
Freight is on its way to the 
We already have 99 RSVPs for the Xmas event with 
What’s the most effective way to reduce sickness at school? The clue is in the hashtags! 
 is back Monday 30th, talking perfectionism 
Oh yes 
Here here 
 teachers (and those in training/thinking about training) sign up for this free (and fab!) Business of Yoga series with the wonderful 
Great article on mental health in academia for 
Six Seconds ads are 'going to be a new art form'. 
I had a brilliant day at 
Hallelujah! A t-shirt I designed is back up on 
Take us back to three weeks ago today, when 
Everyone is welcome 
Fraudsters have been known to trick people into installing malware by offering different versions of WhatsApp. So unless this becomes official, be wary of suspicious links 
Suit up! 
BigCommerce Pricing | All You Need to Know 
Hands up if you love 
Thanks Paul 
Hitting the gym with a buddy is the best motivator 
Studies show when you workout with a friend you burn an extra 41 calories 
"I don't know what to say. Thank you to my team, family, everyone..."

Hyeon Chung, a worthy 
If you’re on the fence about buying or subscribing to the Arousor - check out this review! Thanks for a great video 
 tomorrow night. Check the Facebook event page tomorrow for location of bus and venue. We can't wait for you to get here 
 THANKS to new followers!
Thank you!!! 
: Foxes, minks, & more won't be killed for their fur at 
 A BIG thank you to our creatives & 
An incredible journey! 
Here's to a thrilling 
We still can't get over how MEGA it was meeting the fans yesterday 
My type of weather 
New colours for 
2015 ProMazda champion. What an amazing year 
Isaac Smith has cemented another victory in Hawthorn's 2.2km time trial, but it was a pair of young Hawks who stole the show. 
The AFL's iconic opening bounce lives on. 
What a start!!! 
Z 765 Irons 
Imagine waking up to a 
I'm team 
The Diski Queen of the Match in every game will walk away with R2000 
Spring is in our step
"If you don't believe in your story, no one else will believe" 
Hanging with 
Friday meetings at 
Hot Margs straight outta the oven tonight. Pi served all evening, and crusts at the ready cos we've got delicious dip for days 
Malcolm Wilson 
Hustle and build 
When you want some great home made Scottish food, there is only one place to take your family. 
COMPETITION! 
NEW CLUB ANNOUNCEMENT - Welcome to the SQUAD 
Still LIVE now in 
In exactly 24 hours' time, it all starts again! 
Reserve your place for the 2018 Great North Run here: 
Thanks again 
A great opportunity has come up with 
 What an afternoon at Selhurst Park as the Eagles deservedly beat the Champions!
De Oosterpoort you were SENSATIONAL! 
Floor trial at Lush, patio dinner with my new found friend and a Kitsilano beach sunset 
New Monday. New week. New goals. 
Who's loving the 
 is a beautiful, poignant, socially relevant film. I highly recommend checking it out.  Great work 
Noooo.. no chance in November.. plus if I remember rightly it was very itchy last year. Il be revealing what’s on the show soon though 
Check out the latest post on 
Ahem 
It's Monday and we are buzzing for the week ahead! 
When you know you're going to spend your Friday catching up on 
NEW BEER from 
 // RT 
We love ginger!
Great to talk to young kids of 
T-E-N more days to go until the 2017 World Para Swimming Championships begin in Mexico City! 
All hail to the mighty King Kong! 
Crazy busy day for us. Thank you all so much for coming to our stand at the 
We're getting back under way across the 
A firm favorite photo. Happy birthday to the outstanding 
Bitchin' Bitter is back on 
Does that background look familiar?! 
WOOO! Happy "Friday" friends! 
And well...
So proud to be an Aussie today 
Even more wonderful than last year.. Didn't think it was possible! Thanks 
2 more weeks untill you can get THIS 7 days a week 
Hot fries, cold beer 
Our incredible 5th birthday cake from 
WE LOVE YOU BOSTON. Can't wait to be there singin for you bright and early tomorrow!  
Torshi at 
When you see the postman carrying a 
It was a pleasure to meet little Leo. He designed his own football that is selling in-store and online 
Congrats bro! 
GOAL OF THE WEEKEND 
Blown away by the 
Very impressive performance from this 
Working with 
Another cool shot from the 
Great shooting this documentary at 'The Cave' yesterday with 
Coming soon! We chat to 
As 
check oot this nice little review of the manchester show with 
Big thanks to the amazing 
Hey, Tottenham! Our 
 needs you! 
Messi appreciation tweet. A living legend 
Retweeted Erith Town FC (
To confirm tonight's winning goal was scored by the Erith Baresi, 
Great interview by 
LOVING IT! 
Yasss 
 star 
Bit windy out there today in Kent.

Stack of 
Let the fun begin 
 Only two weeks till 
Have you heard? Entries for the Corpoarate Triathlon Challenge powered by Algoa FM are open 
We're so pleased to continue to be part of your journey 
Words can even describe how good this was. Ranjit really was on top form 
We are huge fans of 
Top class! 
Finally, a huge thank you to the 400 volunteers 
Got a snap with your favourite rockstar? Drawn some really badass artwork? Got a pet that really loves Paramore? Send us your pics using 
February this year saw one of the most interesting 
FT: CSKA 2-0 Benfica

Igor Akinfeev has kept his first Champions League clean sheet since November 2006 
A night to remember 
Man we all Like obama at some point in life. 
Only 3 more dates left of 
New remix out today of 
The music industry often says it's impossible to book a festival line up with gender parity. Well, The Plot just did. And it's AWESOME. 
Don't miss this 
 to all tennis fans celebrating the Festival of Lights 
It’s donation day and we have 
SURPRISE
Throw Down Crew!! Head over to 
Have you heard, Throw Down Crew?! The video for 
 2017 is here 
"You have fantastic opportunities whilst at Uni to network,build relationships & develop communication skills!" 
Today's workshop is on 
Hope you liked it! See you all 
Proud to be supporting 
*BREAKING*

Our brand new podcast series 
An exciting few days ahead 
It's one thing to say yes... But to take on 
For those wondering who my partner and purple princess of dance was last night... My friend, the sensational 
 got nominated for the 
 finally on all major digital stores! 
"There were a few different mentors in my life, and they made a significant difference" - 
 for Footasylum Womens in the brand new 
That being said, any ònye Anambra that desires to know the promises made by 
 we'll never forget 
 number 8..  Guys let's get it up..  Keep requesting 
Getting us in the mood for 
Simply cannot wait for our headliners, 
Bathtime goals
Godisgreat
Ready for tomorrow's  game
AHHHH thanks so much guys! This means the world to us coming from you. 
WHY CAN’T WE BE FRIENDS? 

Hope everyone is diggin’ it! 
One thing we learned last night: Missoula Montana throws down hard, thank you!!! 
AHHH this video is finally out!! 
The sensational 
 Very proud to handle publicity for 
The incredible 'Body Language' from 
Don't miss this blog written by Advanced Physio 
Discounted membership for all Allied Health Professionals this week only to mark launch of 2018 
Massive well done to 
Good news... Our 
When you walk out of your last class and head into Thanksgiving break. 
Big honour to cover for Trev at 
Only 24 hours until the 
Chicago you are incredible 
Love the banter between Ant and Dec ... Laugh it off lads 
 We're super excited to welcome 
 to co-host the first ever 
7 
When your boy 
Great to have my friends here for the final race of the year! 
On the 10th of december I will come back to my roots in Belgium to meet my fans at worldkarts! For all info, go to 
Since 2014, the global entrepreneurial gap has narrowed by 5%. Let's keep it up! 
I’ll say. 
That Night in Toronto... was one of the best
Another day, another adventure at 
Morning Paul! Argooooooosss!!!! 
 Hey! I included you guys on a new post covering projects disrupting the blockchain ecosystem 
Caught up with 
Dreaming of going to 
Don't like something at work? Go out and create your own job. via 
GUESS WHO'S HOSTING THE 2018 
This is going to be AMAZING!!!! Can't wait! 
"My responsibility as an artist is to remind people that human beings are better when they work together. That in times of suspicion we need to dramatize possibility. In a time of nervousness, we need to dramatize optimism." 
Our audiences welcomed 
say
It’s the weekend! 
We are proud to stand with the 
Finally published.Please do check out the link ↓ below for more on the final 
And growing up Puerto Rican 
 is 4days away,
The pound for pound punchliner promises a show like no other. He is out to share with us a part of him that we've never known
Come listen to some killer swahili lines like they serve them in MSA
I'm so pumped for this 
I'm so ready for 
Backstage with the King 
Mr Gavaskar posing with my uncle & me. This is why I love hanging out with Sunny Bhai. His enthusiasm & sense of fun 
Armaan Malik 
These gorgeous flowers don’t need a filter 
A wonderful step in the right direction! 
Can't get enough of 
This week we're saying 
Watch our new video and see how 
We've only got one table left for 
Absolutely amazing news 
If you're shopping online don't forget if you shop on 
Friends, today I designed PC game UI. Excuse me while I jump in my time machine to go high five 12 year old Michael 
Fun fact: Beat Auburn Beat Hunger’s total beat out 
Tomorrow is the day! The DII XC Championships will be live on 
This is Erik. He was the first person to get his hands on a 
The Coral - Tim Peaks - Kendal Calling 
We now have air plants! The lowest maintenance houseplant you can get. 
Did you know you can add notes to feedback? 
Easier than Command+Z… Undo accidental awards on ClassDojo! 
Invite EVERY family "into" your AMAZING classroom! 
Let families be a part of the learning even when students visit other teachers. 
We're carefully plotting our moves for 2018 so watch this space! Wishing everyone a great weekend 
 we're working hard at it 
Great news to hear that 13 yr old Rhys Campbell from Sth London has been found and is back home with parents 
Dead chuffed to be shortlisted for a 
Archi-layered goodness in the 
Blue will always be our favorite color, but these fall leaves on campus are too good. 

We're BACK! 
 We're proud to have been part of such a great project 
Hearing SOOOO many great things about 
Incredibly inspiring evening at Dance UK's opening night 
It’s that time of year again 
Ways to get through Monday:


When you're a question on 
Watching London's OG 
On repeat 
Thank you for joining us 
Rnd 1. Win 1 
36 Winners 
A night to remember. 
The best riders in the world are going to ride at the 
Have a good day at work! 
Phantom is live at 
The wait is almost over, 
THANKS to all the models involved 
Our new single is out today! You can listen below, or buy if you like, or DM us if you want that shit for free 
JUST ADDED! 
It's this time of year that we express what we are most thankful for...and stretch pants that look like jeans are high on our list, for sure. 
Relive more of 
Check out photos from our massive 
Hands up for a surprise set from 
 Take us back to 
The boys 
"I've been looking up to you for a long time" - 
Awwwwww thanks 
Some people might say I eat at 
 happy birthday to a day 1 
It's amazing what you can find when you work for your turns. 
Time to bust out the snow reporting! 13" in 24 hours and 15" in 48. 
Olympian. World Cup winner. 10-time national champion. Good luck in your next adventure, 
lil_ripppa666 staying locked and loaded on 
unitedslopesofamerica Season 2 Ep. 1 just dropped on 
galena_andrew is 
Great little show at Tottenham Court Road for 
Feedback of the week: "Shoes are hard to order through the internet and Happy Returns made the experience easy. I took the risk knowing the return would be simple if the 'shoe didn't fit.' The representative at Happy Returns was also friendly and efficient" 
Feedback of the week! "There is nothing more “no hassle" than taking your item to a concierge and dropping it off for an instant refund/credit. Just one more reason 
Our newest Return Bar, 
 mornings that are this beautiful 
New day, new opportunities, new chances 
Check out the lower right corner 
Des Moines tonight!!! See you at 6:30. Find me at Des Moines Social Club. 
You warm my heart…which is good, because we had to turn the office heat down this month to stay on budget.  
We’re thankful for things that last, like strong friendships and our sturdy polywood rockers.  
Those fall Cheesesteak feels though
Love seeing our 
Celebrating our Everyday Heroes. 
PLEASE take a minute and V O T E for our "Taste of Jamaica" jingle we wrote for 
Jackson cardholder in 
1 week for Spanish-language Monster voiced by Osmo Dad 
Looking forward to! 
Awesome result for The Lie Detective. Best Entertainment at 
Thrilled to announce the 8 Ukrainian & UK artists to take part in 
The Free Christmas Mail service starts today 
The wait is over 
Meet Sandra , She Is A Local Resident And The Winner Of Our Autumn Themed Competition . She Is An Inspiration . She Has Kicked Breast Cancer In The Butt Not Once But Twice 
First 10s for @MissGAtksinon and 
Tag the friend who always cheers you on at the finish line! 
Who moves you? 
Shining a new light on denim innovation — inspired by 
Welcome to The Future of Denim 
Conquer your fears & limitations - never hesitate! 
"We hope he can play a big part for us now..."


So nice to have 
All set up and ready for the 
The ghd platinum was the winner of the best straightener at the 
The best part about 
IF the cricket is as competitive as the build-up, we will have a cracker of an Ashes 
Backstage with the King 
Mr Gavaskar posing with my uncle & me. This is why I love hanging out with Sunny Bhai. His enthusiasm & sense of fun 
Just out of 
Congratttts Guys... U jam so well  
The Fukras are taking over 
Post 
 on 
Wohooo
Must read | Respect is a two way street 
... and once again! He's back with a bang and this time it's 
Character Not Found...
Error 
Woohooo d only1entry of a star repeatd again n again by only him
Hurray
Ajay Devgn debuted as an actor with the movie Phool Aur Kaante on 22nd November 1991. 
AJAY DEVGN KE 26 SAAL 
 Music by 
Need a fix for 
Haha thank you.. You are the “rockstar”. People who are being approached by half of the industry to have them onboard shouldn’t use these “naukri dialogues” ;-) 
 Coming Soon 
High fives for the 
Hearing SOOOO many great things about 
The women behind 
Join the club! 
all hail 
Your hair is about to be transformed 
Follow + RT 
Today's the day! Christmas baguettes are back! We can't contain our excitement  
 our fantastic ambassador 
Amazing snap! 


Sir 
Officially, Sir 
How amazing has this year been for women in sport! 
Thank you for having me 
Excited to be here!! 
Pay Plus, Get Premium. Get a 
If you haven't seen this package about 
"I don't know what to say. Thank you to my team, family, everyone..."

Hyeon Chung, a worthy 
Wake up, 
Our recruiters couldn’t call this name out quickly enough at pick three overall in the ’09 national draft 
It's definitely Friday & we are ready to play 
Big tune 
Hot Margs straight outta the oven tonight. Pi served all evening, and crusts at the ready cos we've got delicious dip for days 
BRIGHTON OFFER >> 
Darling 
THANK YOU FOR HAVING MY BACK GURLLL 
Like Beyoncé? Then you'll like 
 in 2012 we had the incredible 
Absolutely tearing the stage up tonight in 
Number 6 in the 
Only 3 days to go until 
Got a Jungle-inspired question for our 
Shout out to Michael 
Now that's how you celebrate staying in for another week of 
Big love to you, 
You, 
Don’t miss 
Great work as always from our 
Our members directly support our diversity, education, gender equality and professional development programs 
Big news for this year’s ADC Annual Awards is tiered pricing designed to make it easier for smaller agencies, studios and freelancers to enter! 
We're empowering girls by giving them the opportunity to take part in a once-in-a-lifetime conservation trip, where they'll develop crucial life skills 
Off to Surrey this morning with 
Announcement:
You can hear our song on the trailer to the new 
Carfest 2018 is going to be the best yet with 
But it’s the smell too 
Ha!! Immense. Highlight of the awesome evening ... 
My March 2018 UK tour is now on sale!! 
 Thank you for the memories! 

Chris Coleman - who guided Wales to the Euro 2016 semi-finals - leaves his job with Wales to take over at Sunderland.

More here: 
These 
Leave the office with a true sense of accomplishment this Friday with DropTask. 
What a sight to welcome our 
Finally, a little more daring on tonight's theme! Lily Aldridge 
Hugs to 
Thanks loads to 
I can't waaait for tomorrow with my brother 
Yeah! 
GIG ANNOUNCEMENT:
Us and 
S A T U R D A Y
Tonight we go back to the 90s with live music and DJs with profits going to 
Canadian trio 
Tonight’s Widowspeak show at 
What an energy 
Here we go 
Class to see 
Fall weekends are 
Lee Gamble - A tergo Real 
Big love to 
PINK MOON 
When gazing out the window gives you views like this 
Only just discovering Ray Parker Jr’s back catalogue 
Yesterday, Anne rapped with 
 was beyond surreal seeing you lot on the a word just now 
 Author adventure to Thunder Bay with fabulous folks! 
Hands up for confetti showers 
 thank you for a fantastic gig 
Congrats to our women's volleyball POG today against 
This is what it’s all about! 
 | Our 
Summer 2018 is going to be epic! 
Appreciate it Naz
Students and 
100 attendees registered! 
Looking good!
 Great companies need great spaces! 
Hear some new tunes on my guest mix tonight 
Recap video from last week 
2 DAYS TILL EDC 
Just heard my tune Merry Ground on a 
Celebrating our team and everything that makes us who we are. 
Spent a great day with our 
Guess we had a little too much fun this past premiere... 
'Cause we've confirmed there will be another! 
SEASON 9 
So I took and I put it in my pocket...so I can show the world
A night that was... 
The one and only Frosted Peppermint Mocha. 
Hi Kids
 -Baby girl
Enjoying the Show alot
What a night to be involved in
From local lad to home hero. 
I've enjoyed it
Delighted to sign a new deal at 
 takes the cup 
Be that person. 
Calling all heroes, villains and Super Zeros - Greg James & Chris Smith will be bringing 
Tickets are now available to the ELEAGUE Cup: 
Even more wonderful than last year.. Didn't think it was possible! Thanks 
Did you know? The 
Massive news from 
Tonight's DJs 
 What a move for Dylan. From 
 Collidge's Jimmy O'Brien, Andrew Porter, Greg Jones + Hugo Keenan after 
In-store tomorrow. 
You heard it here, everyone! 
Yeah that's SIC! Our new merchandise line is available this FRIDAY on 
Yes yes 
We're super happy to have the excellent Brudenell IPA from 
We love when 
"Living the millennial dream means quitting your job, driving for Uber and Lyft, and trying to figure it out” - 
HAIL MARY 
When you finally get a few minutes of fall weather 
2 in a row! 
Some people might say I eat at 
Punter/QB/LB/TE...

Our guy 
Hinz 
The 33 players who have earned a European Tour card after today 
NO MORE BYE WEEKS 
Check out what 
 mornings that are this beautiful 
goddamn, skateboarding rules! 
Pillow lines 
Morning track of choice is “Our Streets” by 
21 years ago today 
2-0 Over the spuds....I’ll take that 
At the moment you have albums from 
Another heavy project from 
Shouts as always to 
OH YEAH 
We're flippin' out because Opening Day at 
Peep the heavy teaser for the new 
Oh yes, the countdown is ON! Who's hyped for the season to start? 
Check out all these amazing book covers from our 
We're excited to show off the 
10 new season eveningwear looks that are chic, chic, CHIC! 
Join me and learn how to code on your iPhone with Mimo! 
Njoku
Burns
Flowers
Dorsett
Phillips 
Merriweather
Beason
Olsen
Jennings
Rolle
Taylor 
Winslow
Williams
Carey
Wilfork 
Johnson
McDougle
McGahee
Joseph
McKinnie
Shockey 
Buchanon
Reed
Rumph 
Morgan
Lewis
Moss
Wayne
Franks
James

Dont 
Keep that winning feeling going! 
I can't wait to get my hands on 
[LIVE] Finally I get to see you guys again 
That moment you realize 


Find them here: 
Save big on some of Microsoft Studios' biggest games in the Black Friday Xbox Games Sale: 
The Silver Arrows brought their A game to the 
Complete team wipe for us! 
Amazing! We are taking second game, 2:0! Short break before game 3! 
Stay tuned
It’s a whole new experience for Pandora on 
I’ve been blessed with being able to watch so much New patch dota , learning so much from so many different teams 
HAPPY SATURDAY!! 
Updates are done and we are back up 
Houston we have some extra tix for tnite 
Sorry fans, we didnt pull the miracle out, once again we fall cuz our own mistakes. 

Plz keep cheering for the rest LPL teams! 
There'll be sunshine this weekend 
What a week! New bike launch and the end of our best-ever October with 973,321 hires! Thanks so much to all riders, we salute you! 
Good times!! 
 thanks at 
Dripping Springs,TX! Y'all ready for  tomorrow? We are at 
Wow! Exceptional... awesome performance 
Let‘s have a little break...2 offdays, then we‘re back on the road 
Our European Blossom-Tour will start next week 
Tonight! 
Just a *Giant 300+ list of UX books*


We have a special announcement from 
Cracking morning with the cool team 
It's happening!! Download the F&B app and away you go! 
DON'T FORGET! - This weekend marks the start of our Saturday home fixtures. Join us for the day! England V Samoa will be shown live around the AJ Bell from 3pm followed by our clash with Northampton Saints! A day not to be missed! 
Thanks Angels! You are truly magical! Here’s to 
And another favourite scientist, this one from 
Fantastic effort from everyone! 
Honoured to be shortlisted for the One-to-watch award 2017, thank you 
So grateful to be awarded athlete of the month and for all the support from 
Two great races to end the 
 The Hottest In Her City 
You done it again 
An inch shorter and 27 operations later, golfer Marc Cayeux's comeback continues.

He has had an incredible recovery. 
Some of these buckets are incredible! 
We're hiring a General Manager! The GM is the effective anchor in our small team. Deadline 05 Dec. Find out more - 
'It's not a sin for women to play cricket.'

This story is truly inspirational. 
2000 lights shining bright 
A stunning accomplishment which is testament to the hard work of staff and the museum's ongoing transformation - 
Enjoy coffee, feminist chats & Spotify playlists? Come work with me & 
We are SO ready to find brand new talent in 
You ROCK! Thank you 
Harry mate, you continue to be an inspiration 
Yippee!! Good Rd banners are up (mine’s the 4th one) 
Bricks, mortar & graffiti... thanks for the feature 
Never played at 
Los Angeles based online magazine 
just had a banging one 
Today's inspiration 
Awesome to see 
"Dynamite" by 
Warehouse Mix by 
Getting our hip hop on with Justin at 
Relive more of 
Check out photos from our massive 
Hands up for a surprise set from 
I'm dropping 
 Take us back to 
The boys 
Need some more drag in your life? Sign in and snatch up 
There's no new 
Want to be the first to get our Black Friday deal?! Sign-Up for our eNews to 
Happy Birthday! And I agree -- SON OF A TRICKSTER is 
Big shout out to 
All your 
Re: my question for women interested in working in cybersecurity, Susan Landau said "Be tough (as a woman in tech needs to be).Think broadly and deeply, including usability and where Gov policy is heading." TY, Susan!
Shout-out to 
Our dev team just launched a brand new interface with powerful features packed in the new Log Server 2.0 
 deals are HERE! 
Wow! Thank you for amazing feedback, Juarez!
 "Being an ally means amplifying, not representing."
Comment of the Week!

Kobi is just helping residents get fit with his dodgy DIY skills. 

Right? 
'Like' if you picked up your race packet from this guy today! 
Brunch goals realized 
BTS DOMINATED the 
TONIGHT: Relive 
Seth Meyers is hosting the 2018 Golden Globes!
YES!! 
The (frankly) incredible level of support I get from 
We're hanging out with the guys of 
Back at it tonight 
A big thanks to 
 for lifeee homie 
Thank you so much for all you're kind words !! Can't wait for you guys to see episode four 
Extended 'till next week! Catch this amazing, heartfelt film only in 
To celebrate the 7th anniversary of 
“They call it music, i call it an addiction” 
I mean - ya can’t get any better than 
Denim your way. Just in time for your night on the town 
Touchdown Irish 
Alana Cook joins Davidson, Macario & Sullivan on the All-Pac-12 first team. 
That suit 
Game Winning FGs Episode 1 is now live! All videos were submitted by you! Check it out! 
We want to make a game winning FG compilation for our YouTube. 
Send your game winners to kickersmatter@gmail.com! 
This is definitely the quote of the day 
A simple 
Started from the bottom now we’re here! 
We’re counting down the minutes! 
We have such talented customers. You heard 'em, do it 
Love this!! 
Hope you liked it! See you all 
Juicy was just 
Catch us at the 
Attention all Pitches! 
We ADORE the doodles by 
Great impromptu acoustic set from 
Step outside to get a glimpse of tonight's spectacular sunset 
We’re so thankful that 
 Thank you 
Exactly 1 year ago today, we set off to Dubai to perform the opening Artist Residency at 
WOOO! Happy "Friday" friends! 
Big ups to 
We’ve got something amazing coming up with Lucy Fizz later this month 
A paradise made of steel... Thank you Liverpool, 
Memories for a lifetime... Thank you Liverpool! 
We're 'High On Life' this Tuesday with 
MY TOGETHERR CD ARRIVED!
Been hyping over this thing ever since the CD release was teased! Thank you so so much 
Happy 32nd Birthday Anniversary to the captain of 
Very last minute reminder that if you haven't already registered to vote you can do so by filling out an RFA1 form from checktheregister.ie and getting it to your local city/county council by Saturday 25th November. 
(Issue One zine printed a few months ago by 
Spotted my boy 
You want color? You get color! 
My man
Thankful for people who donate supplies so that all of our kiddos have everything they need! 
 Welcome back 
Did you know you can add notes to feedback? 
Easier than Command+Z… Undo accidental awards on ClassDojo! 
Invite EVERY family "into" your AMAZING classroom! 
Let families be a part of the learning even when students visit other teachers. 
Best drinks offer 
I spoke to Josh Homme from 
People of Huddersfield 
He's behind you! We're in the spirit for Panto season 
Our buddies at 
We would like to say a huge THANK YOU to our buddies at 
Willem Dafoe shines in Sean Baker's anticipated follow-up to 
Just caught up with watching this, such good fun!! Love a good murder mystery and this one kept me guessing. 
Another game, another Timo 
Show your support for Germany's EURO 2024 bid by uploading your picture to 
SOLD OUT!!! We celebrate 10 years of 
Not long now till the Delta Heavy boy debut Paradise Lost at 
What an AMAZING PARTY last night! Loved rocking the 
Evening all 
"You have fantastic opportunities whilst at Uni to network,build relationships & develop communication skills!" 
Bob Costas NAILED this. Patriotism comes in many forms, but it's been conflated w/ bumper sticker flag waving & "military only." 
Tomorrow is the day! The DII XC Championships will be live on 
“The Prince’s Trust is a family of wonderful people all willing to make every bit of difference to people like me” – we love these words from Milly Rawley, winner of our London & SE Ambassador of the Year Award 
3 day weekend 
We've arrived at Bury St Edmunds for the 
My type of weather 
Thx for the include, 
Check out Holy Wars' (
Read all about our amazing stay at @hotelcanmostatxins 
Celebrating with the 
On this date in 1973, 
Our final act of the night - our Sunday headliner, 
Thanks to everyone who has supported the Florida Jazz and Blues Festival - we officially hit 500 followers today during our second year! 
September craving? We're making paella !! 
"If you're a boss, you've got work to do." On diversity, talent and retention 
Encore
  Huge congrats to the amazing 
Full house tonight @ WeWork Place Ville Marie. 
It's live! Thank you 
Hot Pastrami Sandwich 
I am shook. That was mesmerizing. Thank you 
A victory for the people! The law is on our side. 
A historic win for the LGBTQ+ community. California leading the way. 
We are nominated for Norwegian Audience Development price 2017 
Preach 
Messi appreciation tweet. A living legend 
Nominated for Performer: Alhaji Fofana, Millie Innes, Phil Fletcher and Savannah Baker 
If your favorite things include puffy cheetos, buffalo wings & anything truffle then you are absolutely correct, girl 
Where's Nigel the Nightline Bear? Found him 
Thank you for letting me be part of it, and for inspiring me! 
Our Christmas menus go live in less than a week
Did you know that our 
Dublin's Christmas Lights turn on TODAY
We are super excited for the Ireland v Fiji Guinness Series match this weekend
 X LΛWSOFSTYLE ' The Modern Day Gentleman ' collab blog post is now live 
The incredible 'Body Language' from 
Looking forward to mentoring the likes of 
Man we all Like obama at some point in life. 
It's Monday.

Which can only mean one thing.

A new 
Man Like 
We light up when our 
Proud to take on the 2018 
Definitely gets our blessing! 
Big ups 
Bit late on this but big big shouts to 
THIS TWEET 
So so good!! 
So this happened at 
We sure are 
Less than a week until 
Fantastic to see cross-party 
 Powerful words from 17 year old Khyati Chauhan during the 
INDY! We’re having a 4-day special offer to over 20 upcoming shows! 
ON SALE NOW — 
Kensington Pride mangoes are now in season. Grown in the Northern Territory, they are delicious, ripe and in abundance. 
Who wants to ride the IMF Dream Machine?
birmingham tonight 
G R E A T N I G H T 
Absolut a great Night with great people 
! Celebrate the launch of 
Great that 
Here is 
Join the AUP community and Gina Werfel at the finissage of her exhibition "Recollections" in the Combes Gallery!! Tonight from 18h- 20h30 
The weekend is in sight! 
You’re my hero 
Two sleeps until the Big Sea Thanksgiving potluck! 
When the whole squad come home in the points 
God is truly amazing and has exceeded our expectations
T's of ELs:
How are u Using Tech?
Go beyond teaching English.  And go beyond quizzing w 
I believe that we will win. 
Waking up with a dub got us like 
 are very excited about our new Business Club partnership with 
If this is your workout routine: 
1 - awesome 
 "
Bristol music makers! 
Launched!! 
Canola for dayzzz 
Amen to that, Sam. 
What a great morning hanging out with RunTogether Hatherletes! 
PREACH 
Savory lobster salad in toasted mini croissants are definitely a summer favorite 
When your lunch goals meet your health goals 
One of our favorite parties of the year! 
A little motivation to stay productive and stay positive! 
Treat yo' self 
We're in centurion today!@947BClub 
Exciting news – on Tuesday 28th Nov, all donations made to our charity on Facebook are eligible to be matched by Facebook 
Last week Jamie led a cardiac arrest: PEA, 
Guess who's in the area? 
Great turnout for Violence and Exploitation Conference, we're here to learn, to support our young people 
FOCUS ON | We catch up with sisters 
 Introducing our 2018 Roster: 
 IT'S OFFICIAL: 
 IT'S OFFICIAL! 
Life experiences 
"16 and 17-year-olds are able to pay income tax, national insurance, be a director of a company, even sleep with your own MP, but not vote for them."


Happy to have signed for another year with 
Today's plan wasn't a little bit of pre & post spewing with a upset stomach BUT a top 5 
Mixed emotions! Narrowly missing a crash by bunny hopping a pavement but getting closer to a top 5
Get supporting
SO looking forward to my first Lord Mayors procession in the FINE City 
 Great day spent at the derby track with the guys from 
Got any exciting plans for 2018? Now you do 
Festival days with the whole team! 
Was great to have you there 
The sun has set on Sundown 2017. What a weekend, thank you for coming! 
MY GUYS
It's a wrap of the 1st day of conferences of 
Hosting the biggest student party in the country tonight // 
's Sofiane Boufal has been nominated for October's 
Minstrels in the microwave 
Help us support 
A great piece from 
Workout for Water tomorrow at the Time Capsule! Help raise money for a brilliant cause with our Les Mills Mash Up 
Read our latest blog, courtesy of our friends at 
Thank you to the 52,868 fans who watched the first ever 
Drop by Conference Room 2 & 3 on Cyncoed Campus for volunteering opportunities! Here until lunch 
Bayern Munich fans banner to protest ticket prices during their game at Anderlecht tonight 
MATCHDAY! 
Last chance to get your tickets to see 
Naughty 
Went to support the team, in a mad night for our academy boys!! 
I think it's more of the environment you and the rest of 
10% off wine cases tonight at 
Grab a snack and some ok running gear at 
That long holiday weekend feeling! 
Check out our incredible new shirts from 
Amazing to see 
Who: 217 Academy clubs 
If u dont feel like u fit in, in this world.. its because ur here to create a new one. 
What a result for 
And the party's just getting started... 
See you tonight at 
Kat: For all the Plows working hard out there! 
We're kicking off our Thursday hosting an Interfaith coding class at 
First time I’ve ever been to 
Look moma I made it! Type in 
*20 tickets left at Basing House 
Tonight at Basing House 
Guess what's around the corner... 
1 week to go! 
Looking back on last time when@Amnesia_ibiza destroyed London's Dance Floor! 
Back this Saturday at 
Turn up the Radio for another massive line up of shows we have up today 
PREMIERE: 
Curve has landed 
 playing my new tune Distortion at 
my remix for 
It's taken me a week to get round to listening to it but 
This man made my day 
We're here to offer a helping hand this wedding season! 
"ALBUMS! 
Thank you Bristol 
See you next weekend on 
Purchasing a 
Finished product. 
 to this teamwork-focused ideation strategy that Pixar used to produce 14 box office hits (which we've decided to set up at Trello): 
 FINALLY 
Great live sets and top guest selectors today from 
Leave it to 
Getting me through this Monday late shift is the top man 
Heading at 
Can't wait to see "The Do Or Die Issue" by 
Very exited to attend the 
excited to kick off the afternoon with 
The 2017 Year-End Top 10 in the 
Hands up if you've seen every episode of 
That 
Probably our favourite 
What a moment! Goosebumps watching this again.

When Great Britain won the Davis Cup for the first time since 1936 
Today we’re launching Twitter premium APIs to kick off the next era of innovation for Twitter developers. 
 to 
 YOU LOOK AMAZING OMG!!!!! so excited to see your killing it with this outfit 
For the beauty mavens: score a free 3-pc. gift set with your Versace Bright Crystal Absolu large spray purchase during Cyber Week 
Photography: Mastered's Alicia Shi being profiled by WGSN! 
Get in on this 
  looking forward to having 
Best of luck to the 22 boroughs that have submitted bids to be named the first ever 
Gambia Presi Barrow, SierraLeone Presi Koroma inaugurated 1st private television 
Who's going to see 
This timelapse of our 
 & our partners put an end to the unlawful suspension of driver’s licenses in Solano County. 
Such a powerful performance 
The third voyage of 
: We were LIVE on 
Prefer crisps to chocolate? This 
From QMUL School of Law to the Civil Service, read about Niva Thiruchelvam's amazing 
Part 3 of our crazy day at 
Great to hear 
Welcome to the family 
Loving the 
We're ready and waiting for The 
Ready to bop into the 
Yes 
 So much cricket love 
"You give me purpose everyday, you give me purpose in every way" 

Good news for those of you who have asked...

CBeebies The Tale of Mr. Tumble is repeated tomorrow at 9:30am 
Great image of a rainbow over the John Smith's Stadium this afternoon 
Oh the beat is ON! If you're here come say hi to us and the legend that is 
What a start to day two!

Stuart Broad traps Peter Handscomb LBW with the third ball of the day 
What a day we had at the 
Last week we had the pleasure of shooting some 
"I have lost 10lbs & I've gone down a dress size! Mentally, I feel stronger for having completed the course, and losing weight has helped to improve my body confidence." 
Come along to our FREE public yoga class in Clondalkin this Sunday morning from 8:30-9:30am. 
When Cavan's best meets Longford's best 
 in our 
Leinster Women’s team to face Ulster announced via 
Not only does she have a stunning voice, shes gas craic too!!  Yes we'll have 
ugh Donny Hathaway!
Glad to see 
The amazing 
Big thanks to 
The new 
Absolutely buzzing to be included on 
UK PREMIERE for 
"If you're a boss, you've got work to do." On diversity, talent and retention 
Congrats! 
Trevor Dineen (
Less than 20 tickets left for Manchester & London..don't miss out 
Hair ties for guys? We can get on board with that. 
...that is all...
Tonight from 9pm, 
Including 
And we’re a proud member of the 
Praising God unashamed 
Don't miss our showcase at 
Come over to the store tonight! Free tastings and live music at 9. 
Here is this week recap at HR Music 
Make sure to watch that new 
Yasss chopping it up with my girl 
Thanks for having me!! 
Big shoutout to the hometown gang at 
Thnx for having me 
great show from 
Happy birthday to Chad Kroeger of 
So excited to announce that my 
They know what’s up 
We are so proud of our shortlisted authors! 
Turn in to the Highlights channel of the live stream because 
 Agreed!
 Thank you Anne Marie, you are the best 
How boss were WU LYF. 
BLOODY BABES! Be the stars that you are and get behind our 
Saw 
Listen to a preview of Houston's 
Please retweet so that as many people as possible will know about 
Who wants to come to my LA show Sat? Giving away 5 pairs of tix! RT this by EOD. 
So much podcast talent in one room 
Catch it while you can! 
Our saviour! 
 | Today's attendance: 20,278.

Thanks for your support this afternoon, 
The best feeling 
Our EVP Selina Webb is heading to 
Diversion starts a new season 
Absolute treat yesterday lunch getting to see work from the 
Returning tomorrow & Sat Sheffield's street food heaven 
Let's go 
Stuart Hogg's Coaching Chain | "NO HOGGY! GO HOGGY!" Coach #6 Sean Lineen was Stuart's coach as a professional at 
It's game day! 
Introducing your brand new 
And of course to the wonderful woman who led us into battle in spectacular style - Mel Giedroyc 
These tunes are pumping 
Glad to have played a small part behind the scenes.... well done team 
Thank you for having us! We had a great time! 
Shout out to Victoria, Crown Princess of Sweden, for hosting a special meeting with the IPC Honorary Board! 
So it's 
..
We're going camping, everyone! Passes for 
 goes on sale tomorrow at 12pm PT! Purchased your 
THANKS SO MUCH 
Not3s - My Lover // Directed by me!! Too gassed to share this with everyone 
For the first time ever – camping Under the Electric Sky! 
YES YES AND UR WELCOME! BIG UPS 
RT for a chance to WIN 4x XCLSV Backstage Passes, 4x VIP Camping, 1x 4 berth Luxury Deluxe Yurt + more!! We are delighted to announce our Phase 3 
this must-listen to remix of Flume's 
 Carl Cox returns to Creamfields after a 10 year hiatus, headlining Steel Yard on Friday night 
Jenny Lee Lindberg of Warpaint at Santa Barbara Bowl tonight 
All my girls so bad they be foreign, Kim with the body, Rihanna with the face
Mo’n jaye foreign, if Kim be the body am Kanye with the taste
She be Fanta with the colour , honey with the taste
Vanilla with the flavour, Shakira with the waist...
It’s competition time! 
hopefully this means the new album is coming soon 
Thanks for the support 
We are excited to be the official planners of the store opening today for PANDORA jewelry in PH  
 event was 
Still blessing lives 
Thanks treasure985 for having me.. 
'Can first-rate history read like a thriller? With Lenin: The Man, the Dictator, and the Master of Terror, the journalist Victor Sebestyen has pulled off this rarest of feats...' 
Whoopee!  An early Christmas present from 
So Ajegunle has a lit joint called 
..... And happy birthday to mummy 
Superb!! 
When you curate your digital playlist from a little shop of inspiration. Primo 
When there’s a whole hour left of 
Had a blast chatting about 
Let’s talk about this morning. 

What a mesmerizing sunrise to wake up to. 
Man of the hour: 
Tis’ the season...to throw a big holiday party 
Thanks for your support, Matthew. 
A big welcome to our newest partners 
Victory is sweet  
WHAT A DAY 
Brilliant night at 
 yay I just found the 
From the team that brought you the miracle that is Skillet Lasagna, another book for outsmarting weeknights 
Today g4g reaches 
Excited to be talking about 
Incredible body of work by 
The Print and Publishing Grand Prix goes to goes to 'Trump' for Der Tagesspiegel by 
Proud to be part of 
Loving this article from 
You have to see it to be it! Love that more kids will be able to picture themselves in tech through 
Making strides toward diversity in STEM and an inclusive workforce, 
One final and exciting note! Our new PrEP commercial for 
Where better to embrace that 
Well done to everybody participating in 
We're so happy to be branching out our Feeling Funny programme to work with 
Celebrating 10 years in this incredible funny, creative, cultured and FABULOUS city! 
Calling all budding Northern comedians! 
Raise your hands if you're excited for 
Hands up if you love our beautiful city! 
When you’re thinking to yourself...hmm it’s been a little quieter than normal this month and then suddenly Kate at 
Eeeek, at todays Cash for Kids lunch we made a grand total of £177,154 thank you to everyone who came along and donated!! 
Those voices...WOW 
Huge congratulations to our School Apprenticeship Champs, Sarah Barley, South Hunsley School and Julie Honour-Jones, Sir John Lawes School - finalists for Apprenticeship Champion of the Year! We couldn't be more proud! 
I hated winter running. Then I got these mittens. 
Inspired by Grandmother's passing, this woman lost 150 pounds 
Fantastic 
In a few days, Brisbane’s Sciencentre will close its doors for renovations reopening bigger and better in 2018. 
 Premier League

 Big up for 
Lovely to be a part of this list for our work with 
IT'S MATCH DAY 
If you're shopping online don't forget if you shop on 
 is a sell out!
Fab morning on 
Smart move by 
I am a dyslexic athiast - I don't believe that there is a dog in heaven.  
Hands up if you had a coffee & conversation for Inter Faith Week 
'Innovation distinguishes between a leader and a follower' - Steve Jobs 

'Happiness is not something ready made. It comes from your own actions.'  - Dalai Lama 

Not many out there can speak about MJ, north Indian ragas and ‘90s Camden in the same hour quite like 
Almost 4mins?! Wow!
That's no mean feat. 
Meet my new WCA 
 Man of the World 
Don't miss the 
 Check out this brilliant interactive tool & see which 
180-day journey complete 
Deloitte Digital= CloudCraze 2017 Global Partner of the Year
Exciting news – we've announced a partnership with 
BLESS UP 
“Without women, Europe would be incomplete.” Let’s start the 
29-straight NCAA Tournament appearances 
Looks like 
Read this great 
Big thanks to Social Media Today for publishing our infographic! Check it out! 
Did you know that 76% of consumers have bought something they discovered on social? Check our the new 2017 Curalate Consumer Survey for more insights 
Thanks for stopping by the office and taking such cool pics! You’re invited for happy hour anytime 
This is the incredible kind of support/resource we love to see at work for our nation's 5.5M military caregivers! Keep it coming 
! Celebrate the launch of 
1st comment and 1st like 
It's here! 
The Indie Rock Hit Parade is here and 
Many thanks to 
So welcome! Thanks so much for joining us. The 
PREMIERE: 
Buzzing to have 
Honored to be a part of this 
See ye there 
Shoutout to our friends 
See you guys Friday! 
 Thanks 
 how exciting that in 2 days time we'll get to see you & 
Raise your hand if you love 
Remember this? We can't wait to do it all over again this Saturday with 
Armed with a monstrous amount of hardware for her debut at Egg LDN's Cell 200, 
Tonight we welcome, renowned German DJ/Producer 
Christmas list done!
Grammy nominee 
Love seeing MAKER 
Oh here we go 16 strong song ideas demoed up 
Young entrepreneur of the year goes to... Samantha Jones from 
Everything about this 
Another Newbie 
Can't wait for tomorrow! Looking forward to some great performances 
We’re thankful for things that last, like strong friendships and our sturdy polywood rockers.  
Punter/QB/LB/TE...

Our guy 
TGIF! Now it’s time to grab drinks with the girls 
The most beautiful venue I've ever played in! 
We have our hilariously talented understudies going on 2night & it’s gonna be wild! Super excited - c y’all at 
New vid is LIVE! 
Come sing along to these "Cakeified" holiday carols with me & the HTCI gang on Saturday December 9th during Camp Cake: The Holiday REMIX! We'll be baking THREE delicious holiday treats together during a full day of live stream baking on Facebook! 
These gorgeous flowers don’t need a filter 
this just in!! finished copies of 
 We'll take it! We're excited to be #11 on Crain's Best Places to Work 2017 list.
Finish your 2017 strong: join the WORD Inner Circle Membership and check out our end of year events 
Having confirmed his place at The 
Specially designed Starter Sessions for new runners wanting to take part in The 
You're going to be amazing Barbara! 
THAT FEELING 
Come along! 
Lovely feature from 
Here we go again! Super excited about our next academy - this time it's on gaming. Applications now open, please share 
A huge THANK YOU 
To the party crowd out there. 
Check out the brand new slice n' dice edit made by the friends of Onboard Snowboarding Magazine. 
Yesterday we showed you how the snowboarders @primeparksessions went crazy. Check out their skiing edit... 
Delancey British Alpine Europa Cup Squad member 
The new trailer for the 
Festive clubbing this December 
Entries for 
Not long to wait until 
My team at work was awarded £300 for good performance. We pondered what to buy as a reward... I am pleased to say we all decided to donate every penny of it to 
All you need to make it through December  
That's a wrap! 
Congrats to our talented, and dedicated team 
  Wright Brothers 
 with beautiful people...
Paddy-of-laive 
HOYEL MERCHANT! WEHDONE O!
It's a busy weekend for Christmas events but be sure to pop down to SWG3 for the Christmas 
Let's have your best and brightest from you tomorrow night 
Kellogg's vision to reduce food waste! 
5 million tube journeys a day in London. 5 million occasions to agree that Plastic is NOT fantastic. Make a dent in the 8 million tonnes of plastic that end up in our oceans each year! 
Hmm, looks like Newcastle's favourite alcoholic tea just landed in one the city's famous venues 
Delighted to have launched our Female Coach Development programme tonight with such an inspiring group of coaches! 
We were thrilled to meet 
Thanks to our friends over at 
New little ditty from the 
Thanks for joining the FuturePositive Meetup 
Thanks a million for hosting us 
Well that was definitely one of those ‘now that’s why I do my job’ weeks! 
YES! 
Marcus Alonso 
Genuinely my favourite photo from tonight. Young people having fun, celebrating with invited guests and 
Take the 
So this happened ... 
Remix time!
In 45 minutes we bring you the radio world premiere of 
Great gig at 
what a track 
We can always count on 
# YAY, Check Out the Official Video of 
Toniiighhht! Let’s go Shenzhen 
See you on the dance floor tonight at 
in the bennningin there was Jack 
Remixes for 
Calgary!!! Check us out tonight at 
A great list. We're proud to be on it! Thanks to the 
Sometimes we stand up for what is right even if making others uncomfortable. Other times we pause, reflect & celebrate wins as a community 
Could not be more fuggin stoked for Lennie James & to see how Morgan plays into the 
 FRIYAY! 
Lights on Broadway has begun! The window art is on point this year. 
 It's game day! 
Due to a cancellation we have a table of 6 available for Friday evening! 
Please call 01695 572511 to snap it up 
Announcement:
You can hear our song on the trailer to the new 
Amazing chefs this year for 
Heading home for some wedding planning? Don't miss 
It’s true! I get to work with 
Absolutely LOVE my 
Jose Mourinho has confirmed that Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Paul Pogba and Marcos Rojo are in contention to face Newcastle on Saturday 
He's back. 
That 1-0 feeling. 
"The best things in life are free and of the alcoholic variety." 
This is great news 
London!! 
Dutch powerhouse 
That moment you notice your favorite football player ever followed you! 
We are thankful for our network and all who 
 @rikkicarman @juliahenschel 
Creativity involves breaking out of established patterns in order to look at thing… 
Hit our funding goal in 48 hours
Looks like Ello changed their logo 
“You are a creative individual” - yeah I am 
Enthusiast participants - CRASH course @ Carluke -CSWs,AHPs- supported by Martins team. Improving skills in Clydesdale 
All set .. Hect simulation Med Ed.  non technical skills, tutorial tests , raring to go 
Biggar Kello Nurses ready to go on AACUTE course, motivated & keen to learn assessment skills 
Crash Pad rentals now available at 
Bloomberg showing BaseCamp & 
Both Andy & Ryan's tenacity, perseverance is inspiring. It has paid off well-done 
Well deserved. 
"Talking to the adults was my favourite part of the day”, the 
Massive thanks to critical care CSU cross site tonight! 
Now that is a great breakfast view! 
Good luck to everyone getting their 
 coming along nicely! Maybe fume-hoods next! 
The Erasmus+ successor programme should promote volunteering and its impact on local communities and young people 
 is tomorrow! Time to bring more 'Transparency at Work' and make the job market a fairer place for young people 
Congratulations to sussex based folk representing here.... 
Fresh in from Barcelona from 
 the newcomer 
CHAMPIONS!! Our U18's boys with their title! Congrats 
Whoooo SPREAD THE WORD!! 
 fun day out in 
Great to see so many youngsters here supporting 
RT if you agree
Please interview Gerard Way! 
Such a beautiful project! 
Tag the friend who always cheers you on at the finish line! 
 A little bit of 
"I'm back for redemption!" 
When else can you do burnouts in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip? 
Thrilled to set the 100 mi World Record & best the men's and women 100 mi trail FKTs at 
Best of luck at 
Read. This. Thread. 
Flashback to race weekends with 
Eibach team member putting our 
Shoutout to all of the Hangout artists nominated for Grammys! 
Here are the final results from the the women's SB LL2 at the 
The first finals results are in from the 
 | Low on Brain Fuel? We have healthy snacks FREE to students in our office! Fuel up, and boost productivity! 
 | Hey students! The Brain Fuel supply has been topped up! Pop by the CAA office (Rm.2439) for FREE healthy snacks! 
 | Hey Students, looking for a way to destress this week? Give yourself a Brain Break, and check out these OPEN GYM times! Brought to you by CAA and 
We loved it too! 
WHAT. A. WEEKEND. 
This is aca-awesome! 
The Swag is Back. 
GIVEAWAY! 
It's almost time… Our 2017 
Jan 22nd seems like a good night for some 
Last night at 
 BRIGHTON 
IGN gave Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. an 8/10 "GREAT" rating for "Orientation" Parts 1& 2. 
Apply now and kickstart your career with an 
A MASSIVE congrats to our 
Good luck to everyone receiving their 
Some awesome 
A cool afternoon, pizza and Employers meeting young people to 
 for the 
Costa Rica ran 300 days on 100 percent 
This Saturday we celebrate 15 Years of 
Tonight we welcome 
No better way to 
B O O M 
Its all been great! Will continue watching the repeats, but hurry with Series 12! 
 Amazing fans at the 
No festive menu is complete without lashings of cheese. We’ll take ours in glorious deep fried mozzarella stick form, dunked in chilli jam by 
Had a lovely chat with 
Impatience has now peaked 
He's one of our own!

Well done 
From the ground up 
DORTMUND I'M COMING FOR YA 
YES !!! Been hoping that 
i just wanna let y'all know... 
"What's my life motto? Ride the wave." 
Black Ewe Rose always brightens up the day 
Best way to start the day 
This is what 10 Years looks like 
Lets dance!!! FLOW by 
Got to the 
Thank you to Tom in the Hat - for donating in Tesco Birmingham today 
That’s a new 
Legend.


One more time for the City! 
Lucky us! Mr. Di Lucca has an ECMO patient on Darwin - our dream team are back together 
Morsell 
Our ed 
If you’re providing guidance to parents on acute illness in children, you NEED to see The Little Orange Book 
Let’s go get another one tonight! 
Well done... it is possible 
LAST CHANCE, best 99p you'll spend all year 
Signing Day is a wrap 
Just finished my first college essay 
 x 20!

Our historic run in SEC play reaches another milestone.


Counting down days to Santa Landing on 2nd Dec. 
We couldn't bring you Santa in the helicopter without our very good friend 
On behalf of the 
Our student-athletes are pretty great.  
Returning to the mothership from Wales briefly. Come and hang with me and drink beer! 
Looking forwards to the midnight show this Saturday?! We are! 
Game on! 
Ideal in she! 
QUARTERS, BABY 
Its about to go down y'all! About to do some damage up in here
After years of trying he finally got it - a 
What a finish - 
Yesss!! Congratulations 
And we are off! 
This is going to be good. 
CONFIRMED: Kigali New Year's Eve 
 poppin' everywhere 
Happy new month everyone. 
Steaming hot water vapor! 
 Love me right, this track just makes me wanna skip this and head straight to the festive season
Thank you for your kind words.
Still #1 the channelO top 30chart 
I wrote this sometime around March this year before i deactivated my instagram page. I'm not crazy kanti. Someone somewhere is supporting my view just on a different platform. Thank you 
How’s this for a defence! 
And of course, a big congratulations to 
Just…wow! 
IT'S ON!!! 
Very satisfied with 
Join us next Wed Sept 27 in LA with 
 in 2011 we had 
Keeping my 
It has been over a month and I'm still not over it! Still thinking about it. Still need to watch it again. Kind of speechless. 
This season has been phenomenal 
 to when we unveiled the Telaria brand at 
Ready to start 2018 with a positive classroom community AND a positive SCHOOL COMMUNITY! 
Ready to start 2018 with an amazing classroom culture all families can be a part of? 
‘Tis the season for giving! 
WiLD Thoughts! Thank you San Jose you were amazing! 
We're a little biased but...another great show fellas. 
The companion album to the show everyone’s talking about is in stores now! 
COME ON CITY!! 
Our first game of the festive period is almost here!

Three hours... 
THIS is how much this competition means to 
Go on 
A rematch vs. the Magic on 
Which parks are you enjoying this Black Friday? 
Up & through in Indy 
"If you really want to get in the mood for new Curb, I strongly recommend you check out the new podcast, Origins..." 
Help kick off the giving season tomorrow by joining 
That's where I got my start, too! 
Nothing like clean, smooth, and soft hands! 
Still dreaming of last week's mems from 
YESSSSSSSS. ALL THE 
A firm favorite photo. Happy birthday to the outstanding 
Missed it in the cinema? You can now watch Lost in France at home!

Check 
Delighted to be in 
Our very own 
We are flattered...in more ways than one! 
So in a week of big announcements, delighted to say I’m filling the massive shoes of 
South Mancs assembleeeee! 
Thanks for helping spread the word, Serena! 
Finally. Matchday! 
When 
TONIGHT: 
Inspiring! And we have the nerve to complain about dumb stuff! God is so awesome! Live your dreams
Game Winning FGs Episode 1 is now live! All videos were submitted by you! Check it out! 
We want to make a game winning FG compilation for our YouTube. 
Send your game winners to kickersmatter@gmail.com! 
 Congrats to our 
Absolutely incredible scenes 
"When I lost a match I broke down in frustration. Today players lose, take a selfie and put it on the Internet. They make me sick."

- AC Milan's new head coach Gennaro Gattuso. 
The 33 players who have earned a European Tour card after today 
Nothing is coincidence 
Get ready for the weekend 
Glad to hear they enjoyed their visit to watch the 
Find out more as we look forward to the 
The draw for the third round of the 
Two-time 
He's back. 
Get Ready for the weekend 
Who moves you? 
Shining a new light on denim innovation — inspired by 
Welcome to The Future of Denim 
Conquer your fears & limitations - never hesitate! 
Players' lockers are all set for this weekend!!
Meet your 2017 TN Junior Cup teams!
 He's back! 


Champions! 
 We'll be returning to 
Futsal National League is back! 
This project marks 
Full house tonight @ WeWork Place Ville Marie. 
“I became HUGELY successful - yes HUGELY successful,” in her 20s, says 
Highball. Japanese whisky + lemon. 
Good rounds this morning with 
Our awesome admin Dawn toured 
SOLD OUT! 
We are now SOLD OUT of general tickets! 
Well done!!!! 
Craig Overton you beauty!!!

His first wicket in Test cricket is Steve Smith 
Superb result from the troops 
3 points is key at this stage 
Massive win for us 
Well done pal, well deserved 
Almost 27,000 of you have now signed the petition to stop changes to the way women's refuges are funded - THANK YOU! 
Counting down days to Santa Landing on 2nd Dec. 
We couldn't bring you Santa in the helicopter without our very good friend 
Well that was definitely one of those ‘now that’s why I do my job’ weeks! 
 Who's looking forward to tomorrow afternoon's match-up against 
Our EVP Selina Webb is heading to 
Winning mentality 
Not only is it Friday but it's 
Waking up to this view on a weekend morning never gets old. 
He's a teaching assistant by day... but his evenings are dedicated to 
Congratulations Tom 
Game day!! Buzzing to get back on court in our brand new 
Such an honour to get the chance to wear the Thistle dress again 
Couldn't have put it any better 
Challenge winners 
Yeeeessss Team 
We're auctioning two 
Hello North Americans, get around me over the next two weekends 
Big tune 
Congrats guys 
Big up mate 
So excited to announce that my 
Yxng Bane is versatile, too consistent 
Big thanks glad your feeling it 
Happy Dayzzz 
Can't believe 
Only a week till 
Proper remix treatment from 
Friday was amazing... shout out to the halflight_dnb crew for an amazing night 
I’d rather hustle 24/7 than slave 9-5 
Listen to a preview of Houston's 
Us guys 
Happy almost Friday. 
The Talent Factory!!!

Thank You To All The House Fans, Producers, Dj's and Event Promoters For 2017
Raise Up The Pressure 
Guangzhou, China! See you tomorrow, can’t wait to party with you guys!
Dallas! Want to hang out with me at 
PREMIERE! We believe 
Hands up if you're ready for the 
Just saw my boys 
Hey thanks for the chart action Scott! 
Not many tickets left for tonight get them while you can 
Early bird tickets sold out general release now on sale get your tickets now this will sell out 
Did a masterclass at Dancefair yesterday! 
For everyone who missed it, it’ll be online soon! I’ll keep you posted 
BOOMERANG is out now! 
Happy to finally release BOOMERANG this Friday! 
i can´t wait for this one
DENVER I will see you this friday at 
Friday Cratediggers on 
This is what 10 Years looks like 
Put your hands up for December 
Check it ouut!! 
So much love to 
Congratulations on taking the SAT! 
Come and have a play at our Playdepot today! And don't forget to vote for us at the Family Arts Festival Awards 
Thanks bro - much appreciated 
Sean Dyche signifies everything we love about a coach. Having had the privilege of seeing his methods first hand, he is meticulous & disciplined in his approach to training & match days. Respected from players & staff and keeps everybody striving for more 
Great drill for ball control, speed and awareness 
COMPETITION: Win a pair of 
What a series 
MLG Dallas Next week! My 19th event since I started competing 2 years ago half way through bo3. Stacked year ahead 
For the 13th and final time in 2017, it's great to see 
Here's to a thrilling 
We still can't get over how MEGA it was meeting the fans yesterday 
We're ready and waiting for The 
Ready to bop into the 
Hey Everyone! Here are some wallpapers made from the Code of Chivalry Event Art with different resolutions! ENJOY!!!! 
Omg 
We welcome an old friend back to King Power Stadium today...

Great to see you, Esteban! 
Travel necessities 
TLDR Pages 
Renaissance now operates in over 60 countries! 
Congratulations to our Carpentry Apprentice Ryan for reaching the finals in the 
Look out for our new college logo on your way home! Super proud 
I enjoyed that stream so much. Thanks so much for the host 
We just supported 
Looking forward to seeing our 
When you bag your first 
We've been nominated in the 
Life experiences 
Huge thank you to the incredible 
YES YES Antonio Valencia!!!! 
Huge success for the 1st Referee Session, more than +50kids study Referee course!
It's been another amazing year on the 
We are making our final touches on 
Where Velvet Cleansing Milk gets its name 
Who's coming to hang out with us and 
Ready to do this all again in 2018?! 
Four months ago today!! 
Such a perfect day! 
Overhead on Scotrail: 2 very old ladies discussing and comparing current Football managers with impressive detail and appropriate swearing 
To the gentleman in the purple velvet suit on Great Western Road: I salute you, compadre. 
Perfect for 
as expected, 
There's been some great things happening over the past few weeks that have shown just how involved the University gets with projects around the city! 
DECEMBER IS HERE! 
 had the best afternoon on this tour - totally recommend it 
Representing 
Thanks to our fantastic UK Approved! Partners for joining us last night for some festive drinks and canapés (and great conversation, of course!) 
So much coming up on today's PItch Talk! 
When the whole family is pumped for tonight’s extra-long show...
See you at 9pm on 
Supportive + collaborative university partnerships across the country at the heart of this. Great example in 
Come and see me and 
Huge thanks to the 
We are getting sooooo close to opening 
Thank you to our wonderful 
The ZOO familia are super excited to hit 
More than 1.5 million people play Australian Football 
HUGE shout-out to 
HERE WE GO! The one you've been waiting for... 
What do you get when you combine 
PREMIERE! After the wild success 'Tribesmen', 
If it's good enough for Coxy... 
CHICAGO TONIGHT @ THE MID!!

With the last two shows in Chicago, I feel like we haven't been able to fully translate the 
This is aca-awesome! 
Today's launch in Rio de Janeiro marks the 100th 
For the 864... 
Check Out The List Of 2018 Concert Tours You'll Want To Get Tickets To ASAP 
I LOVE the stripe/polka dot combo!!! 
The Soul Rebels !! 
 ‘Thirty One’ just surpassed 50k streams on 
These are the best 
Check out the sweet 
Tonight we're playing our first ever gig on the Isle of Wight in Newport 
THANKS SOUTHEND + 
Thanks for breaking us in last night Milton Keynes 
And so it begins 
This is what we like to hear 
Not picked up the new Thanos title from 
It's a tiny little London! We loved bringing all the elements to life together with 
The best times with gr8 people!  
Had a great shoot with Tina Feng and the crew super stoked for this film to drop 
Great news! 
I absolutely LOVE this!!! Doing my damnedest to educate, agitate and advocate! See you at Athena! 
This couple are so endearing & down to earth
Thank you coming, Wayne!
MATCHDAY: Brandon looks as if he enjoyed his mascot experience tonight
Our guests are also signing placards pledging themselves to support us and the South Wales community
Congrats, 
 WORK IN FOOD! Excerpts from my presentation doclab today, followed by an interactive Futurist… 
My Wanderlust trinket trays available online at the sweet little @thefreckledhenfarmhouse 
Now, THIS is magic hour at its finest 
1,547,915 
Hugh ripper! 
This month's theme is Context chosen by our very own chapter! The design is by Minneapolis' 
One more 
"There is nothing in America that isn't [the way it is] by design" — 
King Of The Kids 
 Thanks for getting us home safe 
Smashing DISSIDENT xSun Valley colt makes $170k 
Superb riding 
From growing up on a small farm in Brazil to becoming 2017 Stobart Champion Flat Jockey, here’s Silvestre De Sousa’s incredible journey 
Congratulations to Silvestre De Sousa! 100 winners in the Stobart Jockey Championship! 
Are you ready to 
 So excited for 
“Beau was pretty speechless after the gallop. He said ‘this thing worked like a real bullish three-year-old’.” Zero can go to Extra level. 


This is amazing


What a way to start the day 
Yeah the girls! Women's football inspires record participation rates! 
Lords week... 
Could listen to stories like this all day 
Congratulations Claire 
From 
Does. It. Ever. 
I love this city & Eagles Nation! 
$10 million dollars for 
Last call for half price posters in the main hall 
New week, new deals 
When you get home for the weekend and your Black Friday order is waiting for you! 
We’re busy planning our 
Are you ready Amsterdam? 
Win a year’s supply of Dove Men+Care product 
Don't be scared this 
It's match day for the 
Leinster Women’s team to face Ulster announced via 
Netball - successful day at the office!! All three teams through to regional round! 
If you've been to Liverpool over the past 10 years, what has been your most exciting moment in our city? 
It's Friday night so get your glad rags on and your chops round this!!
 if you like BBQ, smoked meats, and fried chicken we will be seeing you soon!
Our weekly special the EGG SHEN BURGER is here to make your weekend better!! Coleslaw, pulled pork, sausage, bacon, and egg
DIM SUM & DAIQUIRI TUESDAY 
What she said. 
We're so honoured to be featured in 
Thanks for highlighting us 
Look who is coming in at No. 23 in this week's 
Congratulations to Maggie Smith of 
One of our very own ENV students! Moira Davidson from Urban Planning and her sister Hilary are representing the US at the World Ringette Championships starting this week in Mississauga 
We the people 
Congrats!!! 
Every professional was once an amateur 
This!

Reminded of amazing talk from 
Seems like a good excuse to get the Royal-relay out of the archive from the 2017 
Shoutout to Grandma! 
Husband Goals! 
Our plans for the night? Watching 
One more from the weekend...
This is awesome 
Compete together. 

Two standout players from tonight’s win in Dallas 
It was EPIC 
This Cincinnati-based truck driver went from 300 pounds to 45 marathons—just wow! 
Look who’s at 
That was so painless 
Honoured to have 
Honshtein adds on. 
IT'S INTERCEPTED! 
Love it! Way to go 
Chilly as it may be, another gorgeous Saturday ahead 
So proud of CCRPI gains from JacksonDouglassTeam! 
When your bathroom shelf actually holds all of your product - a 
Yotpo is the Startup of the Week in 
Dishing & swishing her way to 
LIVE VIEW IS EVERYTHING! 
We're big fans of this idea by our friends at 
We're proud to have built a couple hundred of these beauties... 
Another game. Same goal. Get the dub, and improve as a team. Gametime at 7 in Riverside 
Beyond grateful to 
Amsterdam 
// really lookin forward to doing a show with our good pals in 
Already preordered it! 
We currently have over 60,000 books online! That's a lot of choice for all you 
The Print and Publishing Grand Prix goes to goes to 'Trump' for Der Tagesspiegel by 
Thank goodness it’s the weekend! 
 never looked so good 
Because the best fall treats aren’t always pumpkin spice 
Hoping 
Super excited to have fellow 
Merch pop up today at 
Detroit! EASTGOODS pop up at 
New merch up now! 
 to the Mayfair team who stepped up for 
Happy birthday to Chad Kroeger of 
"You give me purpose everyday, you give me purpose in every way" 

When there’s a whole hour left of 
This is, without question, the quintessential composition of the entire 
Chapecoense goalkeeper and plane crash survivor Jackson Follmann took part in in his first training session with a ball yesterday. 

Love this. 
Just won Kahoot 
Our midfield maestro Diego Valeri has been named to the 2017 
Tonight at 
11/10 
Brazil takes home the 2-1 win vs. England after a scoreless second half.

Perfect lead-up to tonight's main event: 
 : « SaaS should stand for Success as a Service ». Great tips on Webinars for SaaS startups 
Get ready for tons of new music when 
New York tonight 
2018 shows 
Jack O’Brien + the Stanford Cardinal have clinched a spot in the College Cup next weekend 
Griff Dorsey + 
Jordan DiBiasi scored both goals for Stanford tonight as the Cardinal, including fellow Rush alum Civana Kuhlmann, advance to the NCAA final 
Had a great day 
Congratulations to the 
Remembering those festival moments with 
Class to see 
Ta-da! Almost as magic as Santa, the holiday bomber practically gifts itself 
Racing toward the end of the week like... 
We're cooking up 1 pot meals this morning at the 
Day Two of the 25th 
Novel idea...

Elect people who aren't sexual predators. 

Promote people who don't go around grabbing asses. 

Idolize those that can solve problems without a fist or a gun. 

In other words.... Women! 
Should you go 
Miami, here we come! We'll be first landing in Doral and and Miami Lakes 
The Swag is Back. 
Hop wreaths at The Artworks for fall gifting to your peeps 
Perfect 
To put it simply, this is what every strawberry shortcake should aspire to be 
Some of the build up and a quick rundown of the Mental Health in the Workplace event we hosted the other day 
Highlight of 
Raise your hand if you love 
Minister 
JUST ADDED! 
For those who loved the late Amy Winehouse, this is an homage not to be missed, The Winehouse Experience evokes an incredible experience 
I'm over the moon about the premiere of my new video for 'Like You Love Me'! Thank you so much 
Our upcoming show with 
Enter for a chance to win a trip to LA to party with The Last Man On Earth cast… on a booze cruise 
Year after year, 
I recommend everyone working in tech read 
R I S E A G A I N 
100% PREACH 
BEAST!!!!
thanks for stopping by 
To close out the night: 
We’re live with 
Loving this shot by 
Dubs forward 
Inspirational words from 
...and the KICK IS GOOD
It may be the end of our Open Days for 2017 (BOO!), but there's still a chance to come out check out campus before Christmas with our Drop-In event next week! 
Students of 
SAFE TRAVELS: Wishing all our fans a very safe trip to 
Just a superstar halfback cleaning the change room and doting on his friends!


That winning feeling for 
Last day of training before our first game of the 
Amazing rest day spent exploring Waiheke Island today 
Ready for another busy weekend 
Happy Birthday to my all time favourite Red 
Great way to finish the year off with a great group of lads 
 FIVER FRIDAY 
Our lovely 
Morning from Dingle! 
STARTS TONIGHT 
We're giving you the chance to WIN yourself some presents this advent, happy 1st of December 
It’s here, Indy! 
INDY! We’re having a 4-day special offer to over 20 upcoming shows! 
Quite possibly the best thing since the Tofurky Roast: our Holiday Roast with a (vegan) bacon crumble 
Our Special Sauce Burger is looking mighty fine in this pic from IG: cinemapdx. 
FREE LA show Nov 20 
 Big win 
It's time for round 2 of our Merry 
It's time to kick off our Merry 
What. A. Turnout. 
Only The Game Can Judge 
Thank you so much for having me. What an inspiring night! 
"Freddie Burns, take a bow!" - 
Like it! Day one on the advent calendar on Health Careers is a Biomedical Scientist 
The Honey Badger - what a man 
Ma'a Nonu - still tearing it up at 35 
10 weeks to go until the Six Nations 
 returns for 2018 
“The Government have announced £5.4 million in funding to launch the Centre for 
ICYMI: England have reached the final of the Men's World Team Champs in Marseille 
One proud Dad in Llandudno last month 
New Event 
"Scotland's coolest city": Dundee named worldwide 'hot destination' by The Wall Street Journal 
Stunning designs by 
 has completed is 
Proud that our 
Just finished up these lovely 
Another amazing performance by 
We. Love. December. 
Keep those wicked playlists coming and thanks for supporting local 
LAST DAY of the San Francisco Bay Area Pocky Tour!! 
We have fans for fans! 
Nashville! Don’t miss 
 taking over the 
Join us in wishing 
Shabbat Shalom Dearest Denise
Some recent Stencil activities on show 
Pop down to 102 the high street Newport to see visit our brand new shop and meet our characters! There are free mince pies for the 1st 200 purchases 
Spaceship progress update. We have colour! And more buttons 
How brilliant is 
 is “wry and devastating in equal measure” 
Shoutout for 
 so proud of 
We're approaching the final month of our 
Hands down the best part of the workout 
To celebrate album release day, feel free to stream 
Shout out to our friends 
Thanks for your support, Matthew. 
We are proud stockists of STEEP SODA 
Looking forward to this show at the 
Here's our first festival announcement for 2018 - and there's a lot more to come! 

Great lineup this 
Wow - you’ve donated £3,872 towards our 
Here's to brave DJ's & stations like 
I just want to thank 
 Charlie Parr: "Cheap Wine" - Live at Terrapin Station 
Such a sexy new vid from our bros & one of our favourite bands around at the moment - 
We've got the brilliant new video from the fantastic 
 love the new Howlin’ remix 
Tomorrow we'll announce the teams joining us in our office 
Hard work and creativity = our holiday gift guide! Beautiful work from 
Yes! Another great resource on color accessibility 
20 minutes until our final 2 for 1 sale of 2017 kicks off 
Our final 2 for 1 sale of 2017 is today at 4pm (GMT) 
Relive a bit of 
 "The world is messy. As creative people, we want to make sense of the chaos. We want to put our creative energy into making the world a better place." - 
 "Social media can never be held accountable until humans are held accountable" - 
Romeo done.favourite thing 
TONIGHT & TOMORROW our kitchen will close at 5pm because we're hosting the wonderful 
Meet Africa's first roller skating world champion. 
There is still time to 
Finally the wait is over .Now we are able to add multiple projects in the same workspace 
Such amazing talent tonight showcased by 
The man of the hour 
These Art bookshops in Amsterdam are an oasis, a pleasure for the senses. 
Don't forget to get your hands on one of our Limited Edition Bobby Moore Cards before they sell out! All proceeds go to 
We’ll get in one last batch of cinny scrolls 
ICYMI: Our 
After a  week like this one, the M&S "Pizza & Prosecco" deal is nothing short than heavenly sent. 
Cracking opening to 
And yay for the amazing singer boy cool with crying 
Yay for the rebel girls book 
We're only 18 months in and we've bagged the foodies' Holy Grail of the South West from 
It's FRIDAY AND the 1st of December
Issssaaaa plan!
What are you waiting for? It's 
FINALLY!! 
We are done with official 
Less than a week to 
We're glad you enjoyed it! Keep piggybacking and you'll be #1 next time 
dood 
Since 2014, the global entrepreneurial gap has narrowed by 5%. Let's keep it up! 
Yo... without sponsored content, we wouldn't be able to create videos full time. You should be happy a company wants to pay us to create videos (so you don't have to). Hobbies don't really pay bills so...try to think about it like that. 
I absolutely loved my hair tonight done by the gorgeous 
We’ll see you Tuesday in Nathan Phillips Square, Toronto!! 
Wake up & make up 
ATTENTION all big hair addicts 
Another half head after 3 & a half months wear! Still perfect 
Client selfie! Lorna had just a half head of extensions applied 
Sunday funday in full swing. 
Gearing up for tonight’s big game like... 
After calling numerous stores in NYC....Thank you 
It’s finally here!! Shop my brand new lightweight water-resistant down puffer, for just $72.95 (Today’s Special price for just 24 hours 
perks of coming back home with cupcakes 
December's a big month for us and we're just getting started! Earn DOUBLE for the first 2 friends you invite this month.
That winning feeling. 
Check out this show! Such a touching beast of a play! Written, composed & performed by 
I spoke to 
. Thx man. That rules.
Fantastic morning at 
Carbs on carbs and I don’t have to get out of bed. I’ll just be here all day 
These kids are amazing! "I thought more about who would be playing the game than what we thought about it" 
 Through a VERY generous donation from 2 
Want to win a 2017 
Huge honour to be named Australian footballer of the year especially as it is voted by the players! Thanks to all  who helped me earn this 
What a day ! Me leaving home at 15 to chase my dream  and me 11 years later making my EPL debut never give up on your dreams 
12months on from the start of the last middle 8s too let's hope we can get the same results as last year and make more history for the club
Nice spotlight of our friend, Ron Lewis! 
 We’re delighted to be invited to today’s 
Not been a bad few months in the 
Plenty of impressive performances at the 
Another incredible crowd at Adelaide Oval 
To celebrate her birthday, re-live the moment 
Steven Gerrard named in UEFA’s team of the century. 
WHAT A DAY 
Leo's opening his new restaurant Londrino in London Bridge in November. We can't wait! 
Friday 
"Run often and run long, but never outrun your joy of running." // Julie Isphording 
Good morning... It's matchday! 
Full house in 
I've woken up from my Twitter hibernation just in time as today is 
Congrats to all of the winners of 
Lunch Menu today
Major props to 
Team Junction in 
Wow what a day!! We want to thank everyone who came to our 
What an amazing day at our Festive Spectacular! Thank you to everyone who came & thank you to 
If your looking for the perfect outfit for your Christmas night out then you NEED to check out Quiz in then Rivergate 
Pop over to our Facebook page to be in with a chance of WINNING a meet and greet with 5 After Midnight at our Festive Spectacular 
Another busy interval in the Essentials Shop.  Keep up the hard work! 
Fabulous leadership skills on display 
He came for the qualies. He leaves with a trophy.

Filip Krajinovic was one of the feel-good stories of this year's 
It's been another amazing year on the 
We are making our final touches on 
The 2017 Year-End Top 10 in the 
We're ready and waiting for The 
Ready to bop into the 
Jordy Johnson forever 
The 2017 
Man of the hour: 
 We're happy to announce that we've renewed our partnership as the Official Travel and Hospitality Provider of the 
 It's 
 Put your best foot forward in everything you do! 
That 
What a second set! 
  looking forward to having 
One more time for the City! 
180-day journey complete 
Get your holiday shopping done — with free shipping when you order by December 14th. 
Follow 
This week in the 
Exciting news! Starting in 2018, admission to 
Waking up to this view on a weekend morning never gets old. 
Hey ma! We made the paper! Thanks for the kind words 
Shapers Saturday brunch and project planning 
Dreamforce was 
Big thanks to our friends at 
What a boss!!! On the podium in one of the toughest races I can ever imagine. 
Today we’re launching Twitter premium APIs to kick off the next era of innovation for Twitter developers. 
Introducing Share on Remind—a faster, easier way to share links to your favorite content, tools, and resources. 
COMPETITION! 
ICMYI: Australia's 
It's COMPETITION time! 
"That's game, set and match."


Looking forward to seeing some more celebrations like these in next year's 
"In the beginning, there was me, I was rhythm."
Phrenology by 
So excited to confirm I’ll be running the first-ever 
 star 
New vid is LIVE! 
Come sing along to these "Cakeified" holiday carols with me & the HTCI gang on Saturday December 9th during Camp Cake: The Holiday REMIX! We'll be baking THREE delicious holiday treats together during a full day of live stream baking on Facebook! 
The noise was unbelievable...more of this again please! 
never forget 'didge'.. 
That December 1st feeling.. Only 24 sleeps until 
"When I lost a match I broke down in frustration. Today players lose, take a selfie and put it on the Internet. They make me sick."

- AC Milan's new head coach Gennaro Gattuso. 
Come on!! 
Team News | Your 
195 Days to Go... 
What a start to day two!

Stuart Broad traps Peter Handscomb LBW with the third ball of the day 
We're live from both of today's 
Come celebrate the start of the season with us at Cityzens Saturday! 
The Apollo audience did all the heavy lifting on Thats What I
Whoa 
Welcome back to the building, 
Andrea Pirlo has announced his retirement from football. 

Grazie, Maestro 
Yes yes yes 
kendrick's album officially dropping next friday 
Tomorrow's the last day to vote for your fave St. Louis bartender and 
NEW LOCATION ALERT! Lower Sackville is NOW OPEN! Find us at 792 Sackville Drive, NS. 
December 2nd is Bartender Appreciation Day, and we want to thank our great bartenders, as well as to you! Head over to Facebook (
Watching the 
Food & Wine challenged 
Members, say hello to our new e-Newsletter
This project marks 
David De Gea felt unstoppable against Arsenal 
December's a big month for us and we're just getting started! Earn DOUBLE for the first 2 friends you invite this month.
Finally! Luis Suarez's successor has been found...

Mohamed Salah is Liverpool's new superman! 
Big tune 
FIRST LOOK: Omg! 
This line-up 
“body positivity is not about boosting the confidence of people with conventionally attractive and ‘acceptable’ figures. The world already does that for them”

Yes yes yes 
This is it, just one day left until our beautiful summer event kicks off - we can't wait! 
‘Tis the season for a Thanksgiving recipe Tweet! 
  Sandwiches make us happy too! 
Take a peek inside 
Find out how 
 Thank you Anne Marie, you are the best 
Fantastic to welcome 
Just 10 days to go
WAKE UP WAKE UP it’s 
Garnish goals 
Congratulations honorary graduates 
Keep pumping this energy!
signed for our house!! 
Putting the wind in the community's sails!
A project with a whole systems view, 
 taking over the 
Almost 27,000 of you have now signed the petition to stop changes to the way women's refuges are funded - THANK YOU! 
It’s a whole new experience for Pandora on 
Best spin bike of all time?! 
 faculty, students and alumni joining forces to make a difference 
Happy Wednesday morning UK!! Only a few days til I'm home 
Not only is it Friday but it's 
It’s a BEST EVER World Cup result of 5th for GB’s 
Well that's my last night in the motor home sorted! 
I'm on my way to watch you 
Some seriously sweet announcements last week.... next year is shaping up pretty nicely! BRING IT ON! 
Got to say the food at 
More space 
Today I’m mainly obsessed with 
Attention Gin lovers! We have a fantastic online exclusive deal for you! For the next week, if you purchase a bottle of Tanqueray Ten for €38, you will receive a 4 pack of Thomas Henry Tonic and a Copa glass for FREE! 
Just Check out our current Gin Line-up! Some new specials to try! 


I BOOGI takes out the K Line Australia Handicap and gives 
Taplist announced for 
Want to own a piece of 
 is offering 3 days of hands on 
Great to see our partners from 
Massimo from Coffee Run is our penultimate competitor! Not long til we find out who is the Union Barista Champion 2017! Competition is tough and the level has been outstanding today 
 Want to win a MEAL FOR TWO? 
TONIGHT!!!! 
One of the stars of our Brunch Club: Vegan Eggs Benedict 
It’s BRUNCHTIME here in 
It's the weekend 
Always feel so energised and inspired after our meetings 
This nude lip combo though  
Buzzing for tonight's 
Loving those laces! Nobody should feel alienated or threatened because of their sexuality - we would love to see more 
Congratulations to our Students who started rehearsals yesterday for Jack and the Beanstalk at the 
TweetBeam looking pretty cool on these combined screens! 
In celebration of 50 years, we're hearing from people who have helped bring the Octagon to life. Here is the first of our five "50 faces of the Octagon" blogs 
Hands up everyone looking for a early fistmas present!
So many feels!!! 


14 straight Serie A defeats until now...

What a way to get your first point of the season!

Enjoy it Alberto Brignoli and Benevento 
Fifty-yarders, stunning free kicks and one insane touch & volley...
It's time again! We've picked our top 10 
Inside Sunday's NLP, read an exclusive interview with new 
Massive 3 points today to go 9 points clear at the top of the league!
The power of social media started this & it's doing it again 
Great to see the Membership packs arriving 
Rehearsal day 2. Such a dream team. 
Caitlin Moran puts the game beyond doubt 
Proud of 
Not been a bad few months in the 
 Have a great weekend! 
This Saturday at 
 Most Reliable Hands in the 
I want to thank 
Relive more of 
Check out photos from our massive 
Hands up for a surprise set from 
Let's start the week with this awesome aftermovie!! 
One of the most electrifying goals in the history of hockey, Doc Emrick with the call, still gives me chills 
Now available Scantraxx: 15 Years of Hardstyle (Documentarty)! 
This is what we're living for! 
Available tomorrow! 
We missed having you here at 
This pioneering technique could help us fight cancer by multiplying our own white blood cells. Truly incredible. 
There's nothing quite like going home. Especially when your home is in beautiful Alaska. 
Wow. What a line-up we've had over the past few days! 
Wake up, 
Thank you Faye, honoured to Interpret for you all. Steps had all of Brighton partying on the dance floor, truly amazing. Thanks    
Da-da-da-da-da-da-daah!
Check out 
Tickets to Insomnia62 - the UK's BIGGEST gaming festival are now available! 
Anyone who wants some style, take a look at 
 Glad ya enjoy!
Me and burger nips (
WEEEEEEEKEND 
Christmas is officially ON & 
Where to Catch us this week:
Thur 
Arsenal 1 Manchester United 3 - Full-Time

15 shots on target for the gunners but Super De Gea was in sublime form. Ⓓ
  Lost count of the number of mentors,colleagues, restaurant staff etc who told us how fab you were-thank you,&well done!! 
Like and RT to say thank you to all our amazing disabled officers, staff and volunteers who work 24/7/365 to keep you and those you love safe. 
WHAT A GAME THIS IS! 
This happened last night.


On serve, Novak Djokovic... and Radek Stepanek! The 12-time Grand Slam champion announced yesterday on Instagram Live that the recently retired Czech will join his coaching team in 2018.

We can't wait to see that partnership in action at the Mouratoglou Academy! 
For today's forecast: 100% chance of 
TOSS THAT PAPER! 


Such an inspiration!! 
Huddle up on 
Mad respect though for you replying to your critics and not running from them! 
Who will you help today? 
When ProCanes like 
Talking about 5-axis machining? 1186MFG is killing it on their 
Fast Lane Friday is back at the track THIS Friday! 
As if I didn’t already love the new 
Color Green was just added to 
JACKSONVILLE thanks for starting off this weekend of Florida dates right! 
God never makes mistakes 
 RT 
Come over to the store tonight! Free tastings and live music at 9. 
No candy for me... the Banana Pudding milkshake from 
Let’s taco about 
Gray Monday’s call for brownies. Mmm... 
2 hours 45 minutes til kickoff.

BIG thanks to 
Mornings out of the office 
Through the support of our sponsors and community partners, we can bring affordable, fun, community events like these to North County! 
We've got your weekend covered at our World Trade Center cafe 
 We'll take it! We're excited to be #11 on Crain's Best Places to Work 2017 list.
Wise words from 
No annual fees and rides starting at just $1 
Did someone say 
We're as thankful for the 
I'll be speaking about Advanced TypeScript at tomorrow's 
My latest story reached 1000 fans and over 5k claps on Medium! 
Two years after I completed my beginners course with 
Lovely talking to you, Adele. 
Will come check out the dinosaurs and pheasants - my tree needs them 
Our second issue of ilkzine is ready and raring to go. Fancy a read? Pop into our office to pick up a copy or drop us a DM! 
We’re here 
RT if you’re loving these flashbacks 
When you REACH. YOUR. GOOOOOAL!!! 
TLDR Pages 
WEEKEND! Go with the 'FLOW' by 
Lets dance!!! FLOW by 
 Sustainable Athleisure Brands on Our Radar: Girlfriend Collective and ADAY 
!! 
 thanks for the love 
  All the Friday feels! 
Always plenty to see here in 
3 hours to go until we're under the lights with guest headliner 
These crispy duck umeboshi, little gem lettuce, plum sake sauce and cucumber are making us too hungry! 
Ibiza Classics all in one place!
 
The perfect playlist to get you in the mood for Defected 
This tweet is the truth 
PREMIERE: 
Hey Thank you 
Believe it, think it, it will happen !! 
The ZOO familia are super excited to hit 
It's finally Friday 
Hurt Me No More has made it into the 
Day to night to late night, check out how 
Here's what you can expect from 
This Saturday we celebrate 15 Years of 
Hands up if you were at Circus London? 
And Fluff just announced its dates for next year 
On first listen the new Glassjaw record is a bit good. Thank the stars 
Follow Them True is a 
We had the best time at Who We Be last night. 
 just smashed 
# YAY, Check Out the Official Video of 
Vibesss...

Massive shout out to everyone who made it down to 
Nothing beats getting your music played on the radio 
Thanks bro - much appreciated 
say
My final 
Our annual variety show 
These are the 10 very BEST Broadway shows of 2016: 
When you wake up Monday morning and remember you have work off.
Congratulations to Max Emanuel Cencic, George Petrou and 
the 
Raise your hands if you got your pre-sale tickets 
One thing comes to mind... 
Absolutely! 
Excited about tonight's Times Higher Education awards
Aweome & very honest review of the show! Thank you we r addressing the queue issues with the venue - watch this space and thanks for visiting!! 
YES! We should go together with 
When Friday can’t come soon enough 
So big up to indie local businesses for being awesome at Instagram 
TEAM ANNOUNCEMENT: We are back in 2018 with a new line-up and sponsors. Read more about what we’ll be getting up to next season 
 WE’RE HIRING!

After some recent client wins & upcoming projects, we’re recruiting! 
WE’RE HIRING!

After some recent client wins & upcoming projects, we’re recruiting! 
 is BACK tomorrow! 
Great 3 wins on 1st day in Dubai with 
When you reeeeally need to shower but nature keeps you waiting 
Wishing our 
Get voting 
Where would we be without the very first 
We're LIVE on TwitchTV for the 2017 
TYRRELLS TUESDAY 
Count Em. 
Should you go 
Festive Fandango 
The iconic Tomahawk steak returns! 
Very moving performance 
Two things that prevent us from happiness:.. *Living in the past and observing others...* Break the mould and live free
We struck gold with Katy didn't we luv
Two more shows to go before spending Christmas and New Year in Hull. So stoked for a full on Christmas dinner 
Great night watching 
Who else would pay to see 
 if you were a games maker at 
We are thrilled to announce the return of 
The countdown is on! Only 1,000 more days left until the start of the next Summer Paralympics in 
As an all (currently) female studio we can really relate to Sif Nørskov's 'Knowsy Women', a visual encylopedia of 100 of the world's most inspirational women. Article via 
Cool to collaborate on this mural with 
Classic Hits 4FM listeners party tonight! 
When Cavan's best meets Longford's best 
Get down to 
This ish right here 
A sneak peek of our new Irish Handmade Almond & Pistachio Nougat from 
At 5pm we'll be joined by 
This American Life, in every room of your house. 
Winter Olympics 2018 run up: GB win medals in bobsleigh, curling and freestyle skiing! 
Genuinely my favourite photo from tonight. Young people having fun, celebrating with invited guests and 
THANK YOU! 
Big congratulations to all winners 
Our head coach 
Restorative and challenging. There's so many reasons to love 
These tunes are pumping 
Glad to have played a small part behind the scenes.... well done team 
Happy Birthday to the man with the most Swaggg ever, love you Papa! 
Fortunate to have 
Fridays always put you in the best mood 
Supermum 
It's the big one 
Maximum support to the French 
We have fun in NYC 
Works as dinner too 
Angola airport is getting crazy 
Thanks for supporting the club mix of Keep Your Head Up! 
What happens 
TUNE IN to hear the best music from around the globe including Don's VIP mix of TAKE HER PLACE! 
Already over 1M plays for 'Keep Your Head Up' by 
We sure understand why so many names are supporting the club mix of 
Refusing to wake up from last night’s 
Great evening talking 
CMA Awards 
We won 3 Gold Pinnacles at 
Hoping 
Our upcoming show with 
Nashville! Don’t miss 
Yes it was great yesterday thank you 
Huge congrats Marie 
Listen to this week's 
Omg yes girl! Yesssssss!!!!!! 
62 Goal 
This week I've had feedback from 
Our favorite reversible cami now online in BLACK + WHITE
The main card is only getting started and it's already crazy! Whose corner are you in tonight? Let's talk 
What a night so far, and we're raising the knob up to legendary! 
I'm stoked. What about you? 
I'm hyped about this main card – this is what these nights are all about... What are your thoughts? 
 was a huge night for MMA in Belgium! 
They're all in. 
Miami, here we come! We'll be first landing in Doral and and Miami Lakes 
Awesome! 
We're celebrating the amazing work of our MSWs and a special mention should go to Natalie Coombes who received Highly Commended in the iCARE Excellence Award  “Natalie adapts the care she provides to the needs of the individual" 
What an amazing sight to see all of our 
Prepping for 
Heroines panel with 
Love the new song  
Anyone freaking out about this trailer as much as we are? 
Shoutout for 
Good news! Nominations have been extended for the 2018 Victorian Honour Roll of Women 
Awesome growth in Aussie Rules participation this year 
Hands up if you love a great deal? 
Starting the week off on a high after winning NINE awards at the 
So, who's ready for our line up of young performers to drop tomorrow?! We're part of 
Don't be scared this 
This I LOVE 
Standing room only for 
Here's to the weekend and 
How’s this for a defence! 
And of course, a big congratulations to 
Just…wow! 
Our 2-1 win in the 
Amazing speech from 
Thanks to our amazing panel for sharing your experiences and such valuable lessons with us! What an inspiring morning to start the day! 
Yeah the girls! Women's football inspires record participation rates! 
2018 
Waking up on a 
One more day to get involved in our huge giveaway! We have teamed up with 
Here we go again! Super excited about our next academy - this time it's on gaming. Applications now open, please share 
Good morning liverpool! Are you joining us to wave off 
Why not pop in to 
@dannygs1998 That's what we love to hear!! Samsung Pay FTW 
CHAMPIONSSSS 
Gave it my all to win today but didn't quite have the pace.. 

6/8 Feature Race Podiums this year we can be pleased with that 
That was a cool!! 

1 hour after a great FP1 session with 
It's RACE WEEK 
Aaaand finally.... Yesss! It's RACE WEEK, lovely people! 
 CALL FOR MORE SPEAKERS 
Mirra 
Did you think we’d gone quiet now for the rest of this week guys?

O no.... we’ve got a little something extra coming your way later today... 
SMILE... it's Friday! 
And they're off! The Supercrit 
This time last week we were enjoying the friendly rivalry of 
It's hard to impress an Olympian, but 
Some start this 
Friday vibes in 
FASHION WEEK // FASCIA WEEK 

What is fascia? Why is it important? 
For your dining pleasure, today’s Plats Du Jour: Confit Duck Leg — see you for lunch 
A view from the top 
It’s time for more of Tina’s erotic holiday fiction. 
This season has been phenomenal 
 Stoked to say 
Just one of many awesome moments captured by Olga Aguilar of Sierra Kerr // Frontside Air 
Shoutout to all of the Hangout artists nominated for Grammys! 
We have the best customers 
ONELOVE OFFICE HQ; VICE CITY, A 
Fri-YAY is here! 
Have you heard?! 
A real honour to be nominated amongst a list of incredible artists. Thanks 
FRIENDSHIP GOALS 
new mix with some friends 
Oh man.... 
miamimarketta studio 56... Looking sexy.... ready and waiting for joshpyke 
Minimalism at its finest 
 Guys, this should solve all those skincare questions you have.
This video is FIRE! 
 He's just as funny in person. Not to mention, his journey is pretty damn interesting. 
What an amazing group of humans! Our future is so incredibly bright 
My dear friend 
This just reached 400 upvotes on 
Look who’s next! 
And the winner is Silvere 
The best way to spend a Sunday 
Leanne & Dave are at 
Hands up if you're off to Mini in the Park this weekend... 
Our Bristol event has now sold out. Thnx for your support Bristol 
 is in 3rd place rounding around the eastern point of Brazil. But the 
BLACK FRIDAY is here again 
Yassss flute 
It's game day! 
Introducing your brand new 
Hands up who’s just found out they’re moving to Sussex this September! 
Good luck to all of our candidates taking their 
Such a killer afternoon spent learning from our talented breakout leaders 
Life hack: the chocolate waterfall at 
Keeping the streak alive...I’ve had a 
YES YES YES 
Overwhelmed by the amazing day I had yesterday. Because I'm an emotional wreck at the moment, all I can say is thank you to all staff and my fellow 
THANK YOU to all volunteers, sponsors, vendors, attendees & BBQ restaurants! This festival is impossible without YOU! What an amazing day
Great photos, Amanda! 
Great news! There's still time to take the census survey! 
A small sample of the several thousand amazing things you can do when you connect 
I think it's more of the environment you and the rest of 
Last week they were headlining 
Fantasticly encouraging words, well timed for my post 
 What a weekend! What a fabulous bunch of people in a totally AWESOME world of children’s books 
Titting hell! Over 30M views now for the very silly little sketch me and 
Back in stock now! 
Hallelujah it’s the end of the week 
Woohoo! The 
Happy 'it's-nearly-Friday-day'! 
 with St Josephs RC Bradford Y1 & Y2. They are giving nature a home already but have some great ideas to do even more. Woop 
The autumn 
Thanks so much Melanie! 
Come and work for the Oxford Hub 
Excited to be warming up from 12-4, lots of new music to play & then I get to see 
 in 1882, Tottenham Hotspur Football Club was born! 
When your going to be working late on a Friday.... but it’s ok because it’s 
That first bite when you've been craving a burrito all day 
Join TRENDING with 
 We fell even more in love with 
Kaduna Say-Baba in the building 
Ha...Remember it well  
Congrats! 
If it's not on, get it on! 
We're delighted 
Nailed it...? 
Kicking the other Eurovision contestants out of competition! Boom! 
check out the latest additions to our local playlist 
Well done to the husband 
A big thank to 
The 2018 fixture list is out! 
Meet Nigeria's women's bobsled squad, the first African bobsled team to ever qualify for the Winter Olympics 
GOLD!!!!! 
The WINNER of America’s 
Kung Fu is My Fighting Style by 
 is easier than ever if you use 
Discussing behaviour focused, not weight focused health interventions on 
And who wouldn't want that?? 
Yay for the rebel girls book 
RT if you’re excited for 
Oh, just an exciting all-new episode of the 
Tonight we celebrated my 
Hey, did you see that? We built a new website! 
LA! Mark your calendars and go hear 
Let the leftover eating and online shopping continue 
See you on the dance floor tonight at 
 Festival is back! YAY! 
My new track 
Got your tickets for our final 
BIG shout out to 
SWIPE!! 
Bristol! This is happening on Tuesday 
Check out the sweet 
Tonight we're playing our first ever gig on the Isle of Wight in Newport 
THANKS SOUTHEND + 
Thanks for breaking us in last night Milton Keynes 
And so it begins 
 women lie man lie, but numbers don't lie. Hearing the numbers of high profile listeners this morning. Yooo
Congrats!!! 
IGN gave Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. an 8/10 "GREAT" rating for "Orientation" Parts 1& 2. 
APD PROUD: 
's groove at 94 last night was too lit. 
My nigga Bruno Mars 
YAAS Sagittarius smart people 
In a 
All the best to the 
Winning! 
Result: 
America here I come! 
Have a favourite goal from this season? Make your pick now for the 
Bob Costas NAILED this. Patriotism comes in many forms, but it's been conflated w/ bumper sticker flag waving & "military only." 
We're creeping up on the first 
 kicked this off w/some 
There he is! 
turn on: family oriented person
Thanks for giving 
This is so good 
It's aperitivo hour 
Mark Appleyard floatin!!! 
New long sleeve tees are up on the site! Get there!! 
New single ~Bright Lines~ out Friday, artwork is this 
Career best figures of 7-39 for Neil Wagner 
We LOVE stories of 
Thanks for helping spread the word, Serena! 
A company is only as great as the people who choose to dedicate their time, energy, and attention to building the best possible product. Thank you for choosing Help Scout and for helping us create a wonderful workplace 
This thread 
This 
Olaf on 
So excited to confirm I’ll be running the first-ever 
YES GIRLS! I am so excited for tonight's performance! 
Just TWO days until the girls hit 
Very excited to announce we’ll be supporting 
 Incredible first-class career numbers for 
 We're heading back to Arundel in 2018 to play Sussex!

Who's this celebrating a wicket there back in 2012? 
Enter for a chance to win a trip to LA to party with The Last Man On Earth cast… on a booze cruise 
Babies came to S.L.A.Y hunnnyyyy ! 
Another incredible crowd at Adelaide Oval 
It's a busy weekend for Christmas events but be sure to pop down to SWG3 for the Christmas 
Is Singapore on your 2018 travel bucket list? It should be, if only to experience the World's largest rooftop infinity pool at the 
We love hearing stories like these! 
We had an amazing time last night 
If the only thing you’re dreaming of this Christmas is a moment of relaxation, look no further than these amazing festive food hacks, brought to you by 
Great to hear 
Welcome to the family 
: 50% off sitewide 
Major props to 
WiLD Thoughts! Thank you San Jose you were amazing! 
That December 1st feeling.. Only 24 sleeps until 
We're a little biased but...another great show fellas. 
The companion album to the show everyone’s talking about is in stores now! 
Get 
These are the best 
Playing the boy 
The third voyage of 
: We were LIVE on 
Denver throwback 
Nothing is coincidence 
Nice win squad 
This week in the 
We are SO excited to share a new video with you on YouTube today. 
 - arguable the sickest live performer in the U.K.! 
CHRISTMAS HAS COME EARLY AT THE F1 STORE 
First career TD for 
Washington DC Yall Ready???? We In Show Place Arena On December 22nd 
Cleveland We Here!!!!! Get Your Tickets Now And Meet Us At The Wolstein Center Tonight!!! 
BLACK SQUAD Mixtape Out Right Now On mymixtapez 
2 with the most votes get added to our Spotify playlist 
Thanks, Austin! 
Just discovered 
On behalf of the 
No one I’d rather do life with than this guy. I’m so proud of the man and champion he is in life. Thank you God for all our blessings 
 let's smash some shandies tonight bro!
Lovely chatting boys, game of the season so far! End to end to end. Roll on MOTD replays 
Thank you, 
Honored to be a part of this 
"If you're a boss, you've got work to do." On diversity, talent and retention 
We're going camping, everyone! Passes for 
 goes on sale tomorrow at 12pm PT! Purchased your 
Relentless Bass from beginning to end!
See you tonight 
Just waking up now, Big shouts to all the supporters I see at my shows in Bournemouth, Southampton & Brighton over the weekend 
Had the best customer experience with 
Be sure to grab a copy of the latest 
Oiiiii a rare appearance from the legend 
The first wave of acts playing Boardmasters 2018 has arrived including your first Main Stage headliner, 
Yesterday's first wave announcement saw us reveal legendary dance duo 
It was EPIC 
What a beautifully inspiring Sunday 
Inspiring 
 if you've enjoyed 
All roads lead to 
HT: Great half from England 
Don't Stop Believing! 
 - too soon? Or time just right? 
En route to 
  looking forward to having 
Happy 1st of December - If your 
HANDS UP who loves personalised goodies? 
One step closer to becoming an instructor for 
Wise words from 
Happy almost Friday. 
Pizza & football on this Sunday 
Best friend goals. 
You can visit several L.A. museums and gardens for *free* on these days in December
Had too much to eat for 
I was just thinking about this!! An Invasion World Tour has a nice ring to it if you ask me
Thanks for the shout, Tyler! That's a giant compliment coming from you 
 He's back! 


Who's been here? 
 absolutely in love with my new @kate_malone_ceramics piece! I keep popping to the kitchen to take another look 
Finally we must thank our coaches and players for putting in so much effort and countless hours to make us the team we are today 
Special shout out to 
Good night hey? 
Great start to the day! 
A big thank you to our partner 
Go Kevin! 
From non-league to the Premier League 
Come celebrate the start of the season with us at Cityzens Saturday! 
Struggling for Motivation?

Just watch this Paralysed coach take a dive! Incredible! 
The new skipper in fine form! 
 Starring for our basketball team is Daniel Garnett who after taking up the sport with us, went on to represent Wales.

Read his story... 
Arsenal 1 Manchester United 3 - Full-Time

15 shots on target for the gunners but Super De Gea was in sublime form. Ⓓ
Tonight at the 
The official 
Tonight is Halloween but also the night of another sold out Cocktail Masterclass! 
 We're thrilled to accept the award and be named NSW Team of the Year! 
On repeat 
Catch the Sky Sports Living for Sport Celebration Show at 7pm on Sky Sports 2 & 10pm Sky Sports Mix! Plus, it'll be On Demand all week! 
It’s amazing to see Athlete Mentors involved in 
The Outstanding Contribution by a Teacher Award recognises the hard work and dedication by teachers in sharing the 
 Photo by holly_dollyy Because 
I just made my Price debut! Thank you Miami, that was so so cool. 
Get ready to catch all the feels with 
 Chocolate Tea 
 is here, don't miss this once-a-year steal! 
How good was this 
We're in the run for an 
The votes have been tallied and 
What a trio 
YES SHANIA! Check out 
Can you say EXTRA!? 
Feature on WIN News! 
Our best deals ever have been extended to 
Pull your high-rotation hipster t-shirt from you K Mart Scandi chest of drawers people. The Lovegrove Lane artisan market day is on! 
 returns for 2018 
Look who is coming in at No. 23 in this week's 
We're ready and waiting for The 
Ready to bop into the 
Absolutely! Our activist General Secretary 
"Drama at the Ricoh!"

An incredible end to an incredible game of rugby. 
The return of the 
David De Gea felt unstoppable against Arsenal 
"We hope he can play a big part for us now..."


The day has finally arrived! See you at Anura Wine Estate for an amazing weekend 
GGB appreciation post 
Christmas came early! 
The new trailer for the 
Now that’s a look of victory! Congrats 
Pssst- superstitions may just pay off. They did for brothers 
Like we need another reason to get pumped for 
GIVEAWAY! 
 WORK IN FOOD! Excerpts from my presentation doclab today, followed by an interactive Futurist… 
It’s BRUNCHTIME here in 
It's the weekend 
We are now SOLD OUT of general tickets! 
Exam done and tickets booked for 
Already preordered it! 
Deep crust in one hand, beer in the other… that’s a happy pizza lover right there 
WHAT A WONDERUL DAY!

Thank you 
We’re live with 
Can't tell you how excited I am to be behind the decks with 
Well batted 
It’s true 
A BIG thank you has to go out to 
Nows your chance to take those babies home 
Tiger Woods: Officially back today 
Forgot to post this straight up massive record from 
Here's to a thrilling 
We still can't get over how MEGA it was meeting the fans yesterday 
Congrats to our talented, and dedicated team 
It's a jam-packed 2018 for both 
Last night, we were thrilled to welcome a host of VIP guests to our  Ageas Media Centre, as part of an extra special 
Wake up, 
An honour to meet one of the best of all time. Hopefully he enjoyed our performance as well! 
Love the new song  
We're excited to announce that 
I meeaaan, we can't argue with that! 
An incredible journey! 
Amen! 
So glad you had a great time flying over waterfalls with our 
Love it! Looks like you had a magical day with 
Thank you for sharing the magic of mountain flight 
Meet our 
 fixtures for 2018 are out now! 
Have you got the 
OFF THE FRONT!!
 Check out this brilliant interactive tool & see which 
God is good... 
All the glory goes to God 
It's game day! 
Stuart Hogg's Coaching Chain | "NO HOGGY! GO HOGGY!" Coach #6 Sean Lineen was Stuart's coach as a professional at 
History is made 
"Whether you get a job or start your own 
You know a flavour combo's a winner when it gets its own name. 'Banoffee' - an outstanding crepe made with bananas, cream and toffee! 
Feels good to be home
Great night with my friends
Thx 
 Great to see 
We're SO happy this is a thing now!! 
Finally arrived in Leeds, count down to seeing the God like genius 
Netball - successful day at the office!! All three teams through to regional round! 
It's back! 
Very happy to have 
We are looking for ace people to join us.  If this is you, please get in touch 
Humbled to find myself among such amazing people via 
Hear what Hugh Fearnley-Whittingstall of 
Tonights the night!!! Come and support Birmingham the next wave of Birmingham electronic music, from Hiphop - Techno - Dub - Drum and Bass - 
It’s time to eat and drink until your heart’s content! 
Wise words on being a writer from 
V e r y  chill vibes from 
 Tonight!! 
Such a sexy new vid from our bros & one of our favourite bands around at the moment - 
We've got the brilliant new video from the fantastic 
Morning from Dingle! 
Get Ready for the weekend 
Who moves you? 
Shining a new light on denim innovation — inspired by 
Welcome to The Future of Denim 
Conquer your fears & limitations - never hesitate! 
LIVE VIEW IS EVERYTHING! 
We're big fans of this idea by our friends at 
We're proud to have built a couple hundred of these beauties... 
The humble basket, simple and practical, eco friendly and sustainable with seemingly endless shapes and designs 
Get ready for the weekend 
Our team got bigger this week 
A year of Ragnar in one picture 
Congratulations to Olivia Blaustein!!! Representing BIG TIME on 
!!! 
Ms. 
Legends. Officially and always. 
Our new Foam Conditioners melt into hair & quickly rinse away leaving behind oh-la-la locks that won't weigh you down 
Had an awesome stream today— we hit 60 followers!! YAYYY!!
Love the shirt? Live the shirt! 
 star 
WE GOT SOME ‘CANES OVER HERE! 
Support The 
  A Cyber Monday deal that’s a win-win. Get a $10 reward card when you spend $50 in 
We Just hit 5,555 
Fabulous evening @ 
I’m forever grateful for the people who I have met through online, events, and school. All of my successes go to your presence in my life 
Tomorrow! The 
Our Cyber Monday Sale has been extended! 
Cyber Monday is here! 
"Wololo" for joy with today's 
Have you had a chance to stop by 
Learn this kids; passion, loyalty, and hard work truly is beautiful. 
The livestream of our 1pm service is happening now! Hit the link and worship with us 
Dream Team is an understatement! 
New edit coming out today for 
This is what 10 Years looks like 
Did you think we’d gone quiet now for the rest of this week guys?

O no.... we’ve got a little something extra coming your way later today... 
We the people 
Our men's basketball team is also undefeated at 7-0! 
Dream end to a perfect season! Victory in 2WD on my home 
Love it! The 
Happy 21st Birthday to the best bar in the world, 
KATANA EP 
Support our Service Learning professor Dr. Kathy Bussert-Webb tomorrow at her book signing on the Brownsville campus! 
Great piece on independent labels by 
Mariah is our true Queen 
"Q: Which track in the mix is your current favourite?

A: They’re all great tracks, but I would say the new 2AMFM on Secret Studio, it captures that classic Detroit sound which I really love."

BIG thnx 2 MysticBill! Peep da intrview & mix @ RansomNote> 
Yes, big up the 
LORD! It's so damn fresh!! So damn appropriate. The ONE AND ONLY, REMI GRAVES, live till 2pm on 
 FULL EPISODE! 
Wow. What a line-up we've had over the past few days! 
Don’t worry. You’re landing soon. And nothing that happened before this moment matters.
 songwriter showcase was 
There we go 
Good workout 
 said it best:
"I told you! If you go to Notre Dame, you can't leave it in the officials' hands."

Profound words from 
Both Jimmy Johnson and 
Great times! 
Punter/QB/LB/TE...

Our guy 
Excited to welcome 
Shout-out to our amazing friends at 
Not a bad spot for this week’s 
Congratulations girls! Lots of noise coming from 
 performed 
Get yourself along to this meet up filled with gifts, beers & a Christmas quiz! ! Great community 
This Global Tech Advocates 
Recapping 


Outfits made of 100% cotton! 
Our biggest best wishes 
CONFIRMED| Over One Thousand... Yes, One Thousand Tickets have been sold for 
A Big Thankyou to 
Great to see GCSE students from 
Me too, me too!!! Super excited for Friday!!!! Can not wait!! 
Less than two weeks until the season starts... WE ARE BACK 
Discover how 
Take us back to three weeks ago today, when 
You’re welcome! Loads more to come... 
Love the food in our café - served all day and includes our 
Our next data science/AI-themed 
What a brilliant hashtag - 
Main Stage favourites 
Get in the mood for the weekend with 
 to this moment with 
You chose... wisely. 
Toast, Avo, Jerky 
Thanks Paddy 
This is how it feels to overcome your fears! 
Great night tonight at the 
We're so excited about this afternoon's Speedmatching! Brining together the amazing team at 
Bradford University Pharmacy Team win teaching award 
Big Match Prep 
Treat yo’self with the code WOOHOO at 
Delighted to have launched our Female Coach Development programme tonight with such an inspiring group of coaches! 
Lottie mentioned in another fab Christmas Gift Guide, this time from 
So well deserved and grateful one of my daughters got the privilege to be coached by John before he retired! 
Happy Wednesday morning UK!! Only a few days til I'm home 
Look who's back. Our 
Have yourself a 
Only one week to go 
Welcome back to our Chicken, Lemon and Olive Tagine 
 Eat right, Train Hard, Eat right, Repeat 
Undoubtedly one of the greatest British performances of 2017! Congrats to 
 clans at odds... only 
Unreal feeling being on the bench this afternoon 
So so good 
Another win and another hat-trick 
Another 3 points as 
It was a pleasure to host the very first 
Don't think, ACT outside the box! 
A shout out to our fellows from Batch 44 on their graduation held at Packages Limited (Lahore) this week
Off you go champs! 
Not long now for 
Always a brilliant morning at 
Delighted to see our Royal Ascot and Group 1 winner Opinion enjoying life after racing in the NSW Southern Highlands 
At Peter Whelan's 
Peter Miller what a guy 
I BOOGI takes out the K Line Australia Handicap and gives 
What a day for Gordon Elliott at 
Why wait for the weekend when we have newly available mid-week reservations? After all, fantastic food should be part of every day 
A top class winner of the 
Did you know legendary jockey, Steve Cauthen, rode 94 winners at Goodwood? A true 
Many thanks for your patience while we got our website issues sorted! Black Friday is back on! 
CHAMPION


Swear 
What a great result for the underrated Dean Ivory, proper trainer. Well deserved 


This is amazing


Sneak peek. Photo-shoot for a Christmas feature coming up in ES Magazine... oh yeah 
Wine, baking (fulfilling essential mummy duties too) and Ed On play = kinda Christmas Eve (and dinner too!!!) 
Singing for jimmy  before he does the 
  Fantastic service , fantastic liquid 
Listen to our latest GASH mix courtesy of Aoife O'Neill 
A firm favorite photo. Happy birthday to the outstanding 
Today g4g reaches 
Excited to be talking about 
This is just about the best headline for a review that an agency can get: "A Company You Can Trust Your Marketing Budget With."  Nicely done, team 
Festive clubbing this December 
Thank you for Saturday and making it an amazing day. 
The 5th Annual 
Also, this give me shivers 
 S/O Solotrip for dropping my unreleased last night 
Don't leave the house to get your scampi & chips tonight. Homemade is WAY better 
Great afternoon delivering work on Physical Literacy development through OAA 
At the launch of Club Brunch at 
 in 2011 we had 
Our kind of stocking stuffers 
More beers and better prices. Order your favorites right on the Drizly app. 
Yess 
New music from me up at 
TODAY. NEWEST REMIXES ---> calypso rose's "leave me alone (feat. 
Big up! 
Party season is upon us and we've got the tunes covered 
soundclouds finally let me up my 
As of today, our entire music catalogue has had 85m+ plays. 

Blessed. 
huge love to 
Our new updated 2017 edition of 30 Seconds is now available!  Each year with every print run we always change about 200 names on our cards, keeping 30 Seconds up to date with lots of popular and topical names! 
some awesome footage from inside the booth when the 
And last but not least, part 4 of my thank you note to show my gratitude to all the amazing singers & dancers that contributed to the What The Funk video 
Part 3!! Yes there are that many incredible contributors to the What The Funk video 
Pt. 2 of my little thank you note to show my gratitude to everyone that contributed to the What The Funk video 
There are so many of you that contributed to the What The Funk video!! Here's a little thank you note to show my gratitude 
My guy 
We had our ‘Winter is Coming’ riddim synced to the new Xmas jdsports ad. 
Bigup Stefflon Don, Miss Banks, Nolay, Little Simz, Lisa Mercedez, C Cane, Leshurr and all the other boss women who 'kicked off the door waving the four four' in this era of UK urban music. Bigup unu self starrr!! 
Big up all the artists who are there and consistently sick but don’t really get as much shine and praise as they deserve. I appreciate you. Carry on being nang. The opportunities will come. 
Buzzing to have 
What a line up we have for you this Saturday 
AFTERPARTY 
 playing my new tune Distortion at 
Just found out I won the 
That honor. The one and only 
Thrilled to have been able to work with you Xnthony 
This fab event for us is tomorrow at Trafford Soccer Dome with two teams of brilliant Mustard Tree volunteers and beneficiaries involved! We will also be selling home-baked cakes and snacks for all athletes! Every penny will go to MT - so proud to be your Charity of the Year
 Congrats 
One month until Fall Jam!! Are you ready?
Kill Dirty Youth 
Here it is, our December cover by the talented 
I loveeee 
THAT WAS BOSS.
BLACK FRIDAY IS HERE!!! GET 25% OFF AMAZING DESIGNER BUYS RIGHT HERE > 
Good luck to my good mate 
Very notable&absolutely fantastic 2c nearly every 
So in a week of big announcements, delighted to say I’m filling the massive shoes of 
Having confirmed his place at The 
Happy birthday to my best pal 
Want to revamp your organisation's approach to performance management? It's important to identify the right strategies for your business culture and objectives 
Easily the most exciting thing I'm working on this week! We've big plans for Operator. Please help us spread the word 
"Good companies simplify for the user, great companies also do it for the team" 
Amazing try, just what Rugby's about 
Such a great night with the FABULOUS 
Today is an exciting day for 
For this Black Friday week only, get 3 for 2 on all 
Friday fun feels! 
 jury just before 
Fortunate to have 
Fridays always put you in the best mood 
Huge congrats to Johan and thank you all finalists! Also thanks to 
We have started a newsletter - sign up now to receive 10% off code 
Packed house & amazing audience tonight for the show in Nicosia for Buffer Fringe. So lovely to have the Irish ambassador 
The Honey Badger - what a man 
Ma'a Nonu - still tearing it up at 35 
10 weeks to go until the Six Nations 
Ciara just doing her thing!!  
Sending a 
"When I lost a match I broke down in frustration. Today players lose, take a selfie and put it on the Internet. They make me sick."

- AC Milan's new head coach Gennaro Gattuso. 
What a performance, lads 
 is happy on a Saturday night! 
That winning feeling. 
wow 
More great work from the awesome 
Hey ma! We made the paper! Thanks for the kind words 
Welcome to L' 
Sumer 2018 is going to be epic! 
Who wants to ride the IMF Dream Machine?
You ROCK! Thank you 
WHAT A SHOT!!


So proud & thankful to 
Coldstream Vodka heading to the 
EAC was honoured with a Hall Of Fame Award last night for Best Activist Organization at 
Both ReStore Dartmouth & Halifax are taking part in Black Friday 
The capital city of Lefkosia (
BLOODY BABES! Be the stars that you are and get behind our 
Max Fineday of 
so inspired by my colleagues across this province for standing up for fair employment & quality education. Now let’s end this thing with some good faith bargaining 
Check Out The List Of 2018 Concert Tours You'll Want To Get Tickets To ASAP 
Yassss play that EURO babyyyyyyy! 
And who wouldn't want that?? 
FULL-TIME: CHELSEA 1-0 SWANSEA! 
It's here! 
The Indie Rock Hit Parade is here and 
There’s another chance to hear 
"In the beginning, there was me, I was rhythm."
Phrenology by 
I need help find a good caption: 
# YAY, Check Out the Official Video of 
GREAT new single from 
We’re thankful for things that last, like strong friendships and our sturdy polywood rockers.  
Very cool show announcement tomorrow 
Couldn't be more excited for 
Great interview with 
3 days 'til we Electrify The Sky, 
 See you then!
See you on the dance floor tonight at 
On sale today: 
You are the coolest 
Hard to believe we are just two days out from these headline dates.  See you all soon!
Our friends just put out an incredible single called 'Never give up on me". Stream and download it! 
This tour = 
Leave it to libraries! 
shout out to our 
Prolink by mixfader ! 
A big hands up to everyone that road their bikes to the festival. 
To everybody that helped us collect almost 400 items at 
Shoutout to all of the Hangout artists nominated for Grammys! 
Look who's back in stock! That's right, it's our Laura Ashley Mr Jones tile 
We're hanging out with the guys of 
Win tickets to see 
Go under the radar this band quality songs 
The master 
To the party crowd out there. 
Check out the brand new slice n' dice edit made by the friends of Onboard Snowboarding Magazine. 
Yesterday we showed you how the snowboarders @primeparksessions went crazy. Check out their skiing edit... 
It's the 9 o'clock 
"It's not laziness to give yourself time to recover" 
Results from a Speedtest taken while at sea? Sounds like 
Prepping for 
Very proud of 
HURRAH!

Never seen so many absolute favourite theatre women in one creative team. 
Just 1 hour to go! 
Keep inspiring to Inspire others to Keep Breathing and Chasing thier Dreams. 
Join us for non-mad-dash Christmas shopping on Nov 23rd (yep, you'll be that prepared) at our excellent friends 
Wonderful write up of 
Bangers for days 
Dutch powerhouse 
"Talking to the adults was my favourite part of the day”, the 
Tomorrow is the day. I look forward to speaking at 
Fantasticly encouraging words, well timed for my post 
"Beside Me" is out this friday!! 
“body positivity is not about boosting the confidence of people with conventionally attractive and ‘acceptable’ figures. The world already does that for them”

Yes yes yes 
It’s late. We’re on our way home in the band van. We’re reading all your lovely tweets! You were an AWESOME audience. Thank you! 
Shepherd's Bush has now sold out!! WHOOP! Thank you gorgeous people 
 CONGRATULATIONS 
First photo from our new cohort! Sale High School students about to enter Lime Tree Primary Academy for their mentoring session with young children 
Schools should be judged on the wellbeing of their pupils, as well as their academic attainment 
Edinburgh you absolute babe 
Check back with us everyday throughout December as we count down our top moments of the year 
Molly’s life lessons 
The Media Relations Conference is 5 days away! Who's going to be there? 
Must say we agree. Thank you 
Hands up if you've shopped 
Psst..U.S followers...we have a huge announcement soon 
OH YES 
All day meeting and BIG things happening
Nothing is 
Hair heaven 
Cillian Murphy reveals Peaky Blinders season 4 is coming 'next month' 
If we're talking about a late goal to seal 
Happy Strawberry Lips 
Chuffed for the whole club to get that win, especially going into the international break. Our fans were immense today, too. 
Delighted to score my first goal for 
It's back and the wait is over 
Awesome to have joined 
Well that was definitely one of those ‘now that’s why I do my job’ weeks! 
Nice little trip to Sandy Lane again 
First FA Cup game of the weekend on the box tonight. Can’t wait for Monday night! 
Next Saturday a game not to be missed 

DERBY DAY 
We'll give you another clue... they played on the Friday at Leeds! 
Fired up for the new series of Peaky Blinders tonight 
What an incredible achievement 
Go ladies!
"Before receiving the ball, I already know what I need to do with it. It's a gift from God."

- Mesut Özil. 
Double the fun! Tune in to 
We're so ready for a brand new episode of 
Just a couple of hours to go until 
Tuesday means a new episode of 
What a class act! Consistently terrorised teams throughout the tournament; an accolade so thoroughly deserved 
Great to speak to 
Up against 
A beautiful pitch for the 4s LOB cup match away to 
TODAYS RESULT:


Ronaldo Vieira made more touches (73) than any Aston Villa player and completed more passes (39) than any other player involved at Elland Road. 
 It's going to be GREAT!!
A very happy publication day to 
I'm gifting this to my mum for Christmas, best book I read this year 
 It's nearly the weekend! 
Castaway up, I feel blessed 
Shoutout to Young Life leaders! They're the best 
Stories like this 
You’re welcome 
Congratulations, Kat! 
Chipotle just called to say I was PROBABLY going to be named CEO but I would have to agree to an interview and a major photo shoot. I said probably is no good and took a pass. Thanks anyway! 
TLDR Pages 
Meet Nigeria's women's bobsled squad, the first African bobsled team to ever qualify for the Winter Olympics 
Just an hour to go until 
We’ll get in one last batch of cinny scrolls 
We are so excited to be partnering with 
ESCAPE WINTER - Our annual sale is live: 
My pick for best rock album of 2017 is Play Dead by 
"I don't know what to say. Thank you to my team, family, everyone..."

Hyeon Chung, a worthy 
The 2017 Year-End Top 10 in the 
 A 50th appearance to remember 
Get your tickets for Senior Day today! 
HUGE congrats to our friends 
Our employees are the best! Through different initiatives, they raised $22,000 for 
CHRISTMAS HAS COME EARLY AT THE F1 STORE 
 Eat right, Train Hard, Eat right, Repeat 
Best moments compilation! 
Weekend of a lifetime! 
A rematch vs. the Magic on 
Las Vegas calling for 
Dubs forward 
If the only thing you’re dreaming of this Christmas is a moment of relaxation, look no further than these amazing festive food hacks, brought to you by 
Starting the Sunday session! Lasagnaaammm is on 
THAT WAS BOSS.
Thanks Paddy 
Fantastic! 
2000 lights shining bright 
A truly magical Mahler 9 tonight at 
What. A. Voice 
Delighted to report that the trapped seal in Port Talbot has been successfully rescued and is now at a specialist wildlife centre 
After discovering a new love for running in this years marathon, 
Mariah is our true Queen 
Meghan Markle has already become a global trendsetter. 
Loved it over here too 
 Chocolate Tea 
RT to say a fond farewell to a true 
Not only is it Friday but it's 
Who else would pay to see 
WE ARE READY!! 
Today we celebrate the world of 
Fifty-yarders, stunning free kicks and one insane touch & volley...
It's time again! We've picked our top 10 
Inside Sunday's NLP, read an exclusive interview with new 
The dream's over for 
We were thrilled to meet 
Such beauty in this world 
Stuart Hogg's Coaching Chain | "NO HOGGY! GO HOGGY!" Coach #6 Sean Lineen was Stuart's coach as a professional at 
It's game day! 
Hub applications are now open for the 2018 season! 
Yotpo is the Startup of the Week in 
Here we go again! Super excited about our next academy - this time it's on gaming. Applications now open, please share 
 works and 
So proud to be a part of First Drafts 
 I was watching the 
How to do expert make-up the easy way by the brilliant 
THIS. IS. WONDERFUL  
Had the best time delving through  
All I want for Christmas is a leopard-print coat and to look like 
15 years since we were BLESSED with 
Stocking fillers done right.
Saguaro Postcards are back 
Congratulations to the award winners from the 
 Check out the closed-captioning and sign language translation of the 
Check Out The List Of 2018 Concert Tours You'll Want To Get Tickets To ASAP 
The flawless 
When these 2 legends come together, how can it be anything but awesome 
He came, he 'sau', he double 'sau' 
Wow this is huge! Yayyyyy 
The Golden Gateway Award in India Gold section at 
Ready 
 absolutely amazing 
Big road win for 
Paulina Chaidez has been named to the 
Freshman phenom 
’s 
First look Poster of 
"If all girls attended school, we could eliminate 
Just 10 days to go
Great post about how to know you're a 
The 5th Annual 
Thanks for popping down 
Bring on Saturday!! 
 is easier than ever if you use 
Genuinely my favourite photo from tonight. Young people having fun, celebrating with invited guests and 
We're at 53 Degrees tonight for the 
Beyond grateful to 
2018 GLOBAL TEEN LEADER APPLICATIONS NOW OPEN. 
 Thanks so much for having me on your 
Thankful after an amazing night at 
 campaign 
Just waking up now, Big shouts to all the supporters I see at my shows in Bournemouth, Southampton & Brighton over the weekend 
Looking for some tunes to get you in the mood for the weekend? 
Grand Rapids tonight! 
Fuck yeah, DC. Good times last night 
DC... Been too long. Excited for Friday night at 
PREMIERE! After the wild success 'Tribesmen', 
PREMIERE: 
And for those wondering who wins, here's the answer. Juan thank you 
Hi guys 
 well done 
Even more reason to watch 
A BIG thank you has to go out to 
Big up all the artists who are there and consistently sick but don’t really get as much shine and praise as they deserve. I appreciate you. Carry on being nang. The opportunities will come. 
Definitely gonna start playing Gigi D'Agostino a lot in 2018 
"Donald Trump has to be impeached" 
R I S E A G A I N 
An impressive dish 
Hello! 
Congratulations to tonight's skipper and the 
We won!!!!! 
What an amazing sight to see all of our 
Today marked my 200th start for 
You chose... wisely. 
Go on 
All the best to all those kicking off the season today 
Looks amazing 
Thanks for the great story @audrina_ontv 
An absolute pleasure hosting 
Dream end to a perfect season! Victory in 2WD on my home 
 A little bit of 
"I'm back for redemption!" 
What a season! And when it's all said and done, nothing but respect! 
Amazing wedding captured by 
Shoutout to all of the Hangout artists nominated for Grammys! 
Leaving for the 
When I was younger I always wanted to be the 1st Filipino IC Champion...it’s still a personal goal of mine 
You owe it to yourself to own Allie and Rosemary's 
There we go 
Spring is right around the corner... 
Happy Thanksgiving! 
So excited about the new stage 
Olympian. World Cup winner. 10-time national champion. Good luck in your next adventure, 
EVERYTHING 
 is happy on a Saturday night! 
lil_ripppa666 staying locked and loaded on 
unitedslopesofamerica Season 2 Ep. 1 just dropped on 
galena_andrew is 


7PM. Smith Fieldhouse. Be there.
as expected, 
Honored to be a part of this 
Boreal Mountain is looking good 
Big shoutout to 
There's no place like HOME...except the 
Come for the sick 
 gotta give you 
Big ups for 
Fat to the rafters!! 
Tonight from 9pm, 
 - Solitude child.  
Lucky us! Mr. Di Lucca has an ECMO patient on Darwin - our dream team are back together 
This week - album launch 
Brizzle 
The iconic Tomahawk steak returns! 
Motown President Ethiopia Habtemariam has been named on 
Ronaldo Vieira made more touches (73) than any Aston Villa player and completed more passes (39) than any other player involved at Elland Road. 
Happy 49th birthday 
We're auctioning two 
It’s BRUNCHTIME here in 
 - arguable the sickest live performer in the U.K.! 
It's the weekend 
Effortless 
Round 2 with this piece for my class tonight at 7:30 
Loving Doireann on the 
FAMILY PHOTO!!! 
LOOK AT THIS COSY SET UP! We will be LIVE from the first night of the Bord na Mona Hearth Sessions in Egans bar, Wicklow !!! We will be joined by Stephanie Rainey and Little Hours 
Not only does she have a stunning voice, shes gas craic too!!  Yes we'll have 
Arizona! See you next March at 
The countdown is on! Not long to go until we scoot over to the 
As proud sponsors, we're dizzy with excitement for tonight's 
We're having  special night w/ 
Get voting for 
Just when you thought you couldn't possibly hold this All Star in any higher regard, after her STORMER of a season in sky-blue... 
One of 
Last night we had a sneak peek at the 
Did you hear? Pete, the CoderDojo Foundations Community Lead for EMEA is a new ambassador of 
Math lovers, rejoice! 
Barry is a dude!
It's glorious, Shane. Great work. 
milesPLUS has been added to two more of our sites 
Wow. What a line-up we've had over the past few days! 
Renaissance now operates in over 60 countries! 
We're Dingle bound and looking forward to all the fantastic Irish acts performing across the weekend at 
Meet our Radiography students 
The fab 
Our EVP Selina Webb is heading to 
New little ditty from the 
We're one of the most geo-tagged places in 
 Quiet night? Our pick of tomorrow's UK 
Night one of 
Find out where to go to see the Great American Eclipse in the newest 
Fun day shooting our new 
Got the new H&F?! Read our exclusive interview with 
You can visit several L.A. museums and gardens for *free* on these days in December
Last night, we were thrilled to welcome a host of VIP guests to our  Ageas Media Centre, as part of an extra special 
 Great to see 
Who is up for a 
It's finally Friday 
"Is it possible that technologies are creating an illusion of movement building? Are we really achieving change, how can we measure that impact?" These are such important questions 
Woaah. Tanzanians brought all the extra for cultural night. 
Manchester United, Christmas and casino tables! Who could want anymore!? 
Art Night returns 7 July 2018, curated 
High praise from the new girls 
It’s Indie Friday! If you’re looking for lovely Christmas gifts and want to support a local 
Hell yeah!! 
Really looking forward to it ! 
1 week left to apply to our amazing range of UK internships! From Creative to Business Development, Marketing to Programme Planning... we've got tonnes of fantastic opportunities open for applications. Apply now via 
Calling UK uni 
SO MUCH FUN hosting a Christmas market for businesses supported by us at Virgin HQ last night. Check out our story of the evening here and meet the awesome entrepreneurs behind 
Friday mood 
Who has sampled one of our great tasting beers? 
The rest of the glory 
RETWEET if you're ready for an all-new mission TONIGHT at 9/8c! 
 - Inyembezi dam this dude is one hella dope artist he speaks to the soul 
So excited to confirm I’ll be running the first-ever 
Tonight from 1am on 
Day 3 of the Fall Classic is here! Tickets available online + at the door 
"In the beginning, there was me, I was rhythm."
Phrenology by 
 let's smash some shandies tonight bro!
Starting the 
My ABGT250 closing set b2b w/ Yotto is now up! This was the best way I can imagine ending such a magical weekend 
Thanks to all the peeps who showed up early and danced with me at Red Rocks tonight 
Legendary duo Gabriel & Dresden will play all night long next Friday at Cielo as part of their new album tour. 

BOOM 
Who's ready for DJ Marky & Friends this Saturday?
 Shout out to 1Dance.FM Radio & Tony Crisp for your continuous support of 
The ultimate link to listen to Loving You across platforms... thanks for the tech skills 
Love how I finished listening to our track on here and then listened on to immediately discover a capital T Tune from 
WEEKEND! Go with the 'FLOW' by 
Lets dance!!! FLOW by 
 !!!

Finally! 
No plugins. This is a real deal!
ams_neve 

The Soul Rebels !! 
Thanks for the great feedback @mortondshort, we're stoked you love it! 
On my way to 
RT for a chance to WIN 4x XCLSV Backstage Passes, 4x VIP Camping, 1x 4 berth Luxury Deluxe Yurt + more!! We are delighted to announce our Phase 3 
RT for a chance to win 2x Sunday VIP upgrades... Winner announced tomorrow!! 
Here's our Sunday lineup so far!! Tickets from only £56! 
 When we rocked 
How did i miss this yes 
This Saturday we celebrate 15 Years of 
Tonight we welcome 
Edem songs erh, you no know lyrics sef, before you go realise then you dey sing along.

Number 9 senior. 
that new 
Our favorite reversible cami now online in BLACK + WHITE
It’s finally here!! Shop my brand new lightweight water-resistant down puffer, for just $72.95 (Today’s Special price for just 24 hours 
Thank YOU for the support! 
A great event 
In Boz we trust. 
Just an hour to go until 
What a night to be involved in
From local lad to home hero. 
We’ll get in one last batch of cinny scrolls 
Get in! 
Color Green was just added to 
EVERY touchdown from EVERY game!!! 
Tom Brady has been nominated for BBC Overseas Sports Personality of the Year! 
Poppy's busy weekend - for 
"We hope he can play a big part for us now..."


Steph Curry went from 51st to 19th on the all-time 3-point list... in one season 
Another incredible crowd at Adelaide Oval 
And, handily, the full video is now live 
It's been another amazing year on the 
Today's the day 
Team at office. 
The 2017 Year-End Top 10 in the 
This was nice! 
We are making our final touches on 
Stage is set for Finals day at the 
Getting in among the 
He came for the qualies. He leaves with a trophy.

Filip Krajinovic was one of the feel-good stories of this year's 
Join us next week for talk w/dynamic expert Lydia Soifer
Getting ready for 
THIS FEELING GETS ME EVERYTIIIME
Team Ontario U15 Boy's Field 20 - 0 over Saskatchewan!
Tuesday Friendly Reminder... Giving back is always in style 
!!! 
 how exciting that in 2 days time we'll get to see you & 
Well,  Yoyo & 
 This is happening right now! 
Let's bring home the title 
Congrats to our brother 
I love this city & Eagles Nation! 
Is Singapore on your 2018 travel bucket list? It should be, if only to experience the World's largest rooftop infinity pool at the 
Man of the hour: 
Plenty of impressive performances at the 
Congratulations to all inductees into 
CHAMPION


So grateful for the love & support since my Blind Audition 
Sport 
Could listen to stories like this all day 
Time to sit back and enjoy, 
Sumer 2018 is going to be epic! 
Summer 2018 is going to be epic! 
 to our friends at 
Shuffling on over to the couch to watch 
Congrats to the Speech & Debate Team for receiving membership into the 100 Club! Top 21% in the nation! 
Congrats to Lily (9th Grade) & Morgan (11th Grade) for receiving 4th Chair in Honor Band & 2nd Chair in Concert Band yesterday! 
Great news this morning - Moana Soundtrack is nominated for a Grammy 
Exciting news! Starting in 2018, admission to 
FOOTBALL IS BACK!
Our BMX Racing track, located in Vicente López, it is really close to be finished. 
Do you want to leave your mark on the Olympic history? 
Full Highlights: Hustle defeat 
We love them too! Shout out to 
Nice job, 
We’re thankful for the great partnership with 
Thanks to our fantastic UK Approved! Partners for joining us last night for some festive drinks and canapés (and great conversation, of course!) 
We launched a new store! Wanted to get ourselves more gear reppin 
We had an amazing night at 
Congrats again to our Board of Director, 
The important topic of tech for good infused with Blue Planet! Amazing 
Sharing 
We are flattered...in more ways than one! 
Talking all things pop culture with 
You can't beet a Belcher Thanksgiving. 
In love with 
It’s time for more of Tina’s erotic holiday fiction. 
Michael Harmel has been named a Finalist in 2 categories of 2016 
Semi-finalists for 
Lifting the Western Conference Championship trophy in front of a packed house... 

There's no better feeling! 
CAPTAIN ROUGH. 
The draft is only 6 days away and bounce down 114 days 
Great to sit in on Public Health England's Children, Young People & Families board meeting - can't believe how keen they were to have our insight on their work! 
This. Is. Energy. 
We’re having another PAWSOME SALE!
Holiday Harnesses and Leashes are here!
GREAT NEWS!
Very excited to have the excellent 
Great to see HWCH 17 alum 
My new single Bed Bugs made it to the Counter playlist! Thanks 
Team News | Your 
Ah lads who remembers Alex from last year’s 
Gwan the 
Our new episode of Fairy Nice To Meet You is suuuper cute!! On the way in today's email if you've registered your fairy! 
 HUGE thanks to everyone that came out on Saturday for Secret Sessions Live 
PURE...RAW EMOTION - Nothing beats it when you see an artist completely lost in their music. It's not every day someone like this comes around, stand up 
ALL HAIL 
To close tonight’s incredible Secret Sessions 
We’ve just released the FINAL 50 tickets for this month’s Secret Sessions Live 
Who has a release tomorrow for our New Music Friday blog? 
Not long now for 
Great news! 
TFW you have a 
Huge thank you to the incredible 
This guy! It was so nice to finally meet you in person. YES SHE DID! 
'A band that you know that even if they were playing in a bloody shed to their Grans, they would perform as if they were playing the biggest show of their career.' OUTLYA - coming to a shed near you in 2018. Thanks, 
 has been added to 
"God bless this acid house" 
Connecting these 2 Pacha artists in Los Angeles, CA for the very first time! 
GREAT SEASON 
Awesome work guys!
Who's coming to hang out with us and 
Ready to do this all again in 2018?! 
Four months ago today!! 
Such a perfect day! 
THAT FEELING 
 Check it out - a lil treat from 
Can’t go unfortunately but if you’re in Norwich tonight - celebrate 10 years of 
The close bond and special connection that 
Good. Because it’s too damn good. 
 When you realise it's the 1st of December and The Varsity Match is next week! 
When you see the Wonder-ful 
Trying a xmas special at .
The little one has arrived 
Good rounds this morning with 
 // RT 
Can't wait to get your hands on our new Tonic Water before it hits stores?  Jack Rudy fans in Charleston this Friday are in luck!! 
in a few hours I’ll have a 
Here they are. Drazen and Zoran. Hunters of the modern age - hardware hunters.

Proudly standing and showing their prey.

A new Inchoo server is in the making! 
So stoked that 
 YASSS It's time for a great show Ron Placone:
After learning about how their 
Working on a new piece by 
Thanksgiving break is almost here! One more day of classes, then students get Wednesday, Thursday and Friday to relax 
We hope fall sticks around a little longer because these views are 
Spotted! Shiny new date labels to help reduce 
Stock your freezer with something GOOD this week! Find us on sale this week at most retailers 
Double tap if your favorite part of Thanksgiving is dessert 
RT if you’re loving these flashbacks 
When the whole family is pumped for tonight’s extra-long show...
See you at 9pm on 
Make sure you check out  
Have you heard this yet? "I got goons" by yours truly 
We have a hamper 
It’s that time 
Get your contour on fleek 
Need some 
CONGRATS! 
Happy Birthday and a huge congratulations to Mediskin who are celebrating 3 amazing years today!! 
Major 
The lovely 
POWERHOUSE 
 to be published in 12 countries, plus UK and large print. SO FAR! 
"It's bloody cruel to demand that one gender spends their entire lives removing hair while the other gets to celebrate their hair growth." 
Axtone Presents is going live on Facebook at 4pm GMT! 
Sooo..excited about new venture launching in 3 
Did you know that students can present to other students on Nepris? 
 August Edition! 
Tomorrow night 
Hey if you have a second, please feel free to leave a review of our podcast on 
2-4-1's from 11-2!!! HHOUR+NoCover all nite!!! And, ANGRY CANDY from 10:30 
Feels good doesn't it, 
I'm sooo happy to announce I will be supporting my buddy 
MOUNT ft. Bright Sparks - "Melody” is OUT NOW - stream/download here: 
Love the 
These are amazing 
 Listen to 
A MASSIVE congrats to our 
Good luck to everyone receiving their 
Some awesome 
A cool afternoon, pizza and Employers meeting young people to 
Apply now and kickstart your career with an 
TLDR Pages 
Automate everything, so you can focus on your code 
WHAT A GAME THIS IS! 
We are thrilled to announce the return of 
A 7 minute 37 second long work of art tbh 
We are giving away an exclusive 
MASSIVE CONGRATS 
Thanks for helping us pave the way, 
 We're happy to announce that we've renewed our partnership as the Official Travel and Hospitality Provider of the 
Ms. 
Salmon or tuna?  Why not both!
⠀
That's the beauty of 
 Overtakes - 
It’s the last day of 
Fast Lane Friday is back at the track THIS Friday! 
Over 200k plays on Acid Howl /w 
 to summer when we came across this live action from Conseu.eu 
 demo car boasts one of the most incredible designs of the year in transportation according to 
Get ready to catch all the feels with 
Best of luck at 
It's time for round 2 of our Merry 
It's time to kick off our Merry 
Hey Martha, you took us to church and back 
Fire lookouts + winter = 
This looks ace. Packed with amazing artists loved by 
The most decorated 
. Thx man. That rules.
Who else is excited about The Nutcracker opening on Friday? 
YAAAAAAY!

It gives me untold joy to announce that my show "NOT A ROLE MODEL" has finally found a home!

It will be available next month EXCLUSIVELY on brand new social media platform VERO 
Class having a couple of teamies in here - well in girls 
 Congratulations, 
Charity & Faith: Thank you to everyone who supported Red Wednesday last week. A terrific £319.16 was raised through the coffee morning, red raffle & sales of wristbands & badges.  Just as importantly, the awareness of religious persecution was raised among our school community.
So big up to indie local businesses for being awesome at Instagram 
It's a busy weekend for Christmas events but be sure to pop down to SWG3 for the Christmas 
This week alone 21 schools (that's over 3,400 children!) added their pin to The 
Some incredible 
We have made it to 4 days old! 
Brilliant night 
 Double delight for 
Congratulations to Hollie Davidson in her appointment as Assistant Referee at the 
No forgetting this guy! What an heroic effort it has been from 
NOBLE LIE, the first single from my forthcoming debut album. Produced by mr 
What a day 
Winning! 
You know a flavour combo's a winner when it gets its own name. 'Banoffee' - an outstanding crepe made with bananas, cream and toffee! 
Just TWO days until the girls hit 
This picture makes us miss 
Take a peek inside 
Follow Them True is a 
Former Confetti tutor Paul Allen has reached 90% of the 
We’re also grateful for the top venue and service 
 Loved watching/listening to BBC Radio 4's My Teenage Diary with the legends 
Sup fresh
402 YARDS?! YAS GIRL YAS! 
When you can't stop smiling because you know your outfit on fleek 
“Instead of planning for what we cannot control, identify the principles that guide us through change”
"How Your Global Business Can Meld Your Company's Culture With Local Culture" 
Woot! Congrats! 
Big up the OG Tony Alva! Rolled through for a lil session yesterday and showed his support! 
 eee looking forward to seeing pics! x
DOODLE JAM is THIS Wednesday! The excellent 
SUNRISE! When you are in the mountains it is even more special. The darkness that you have been climbing through starts to evaporate and then the light hits you 
Hella eager to get the ball rolling again

DJ's holla and fellow followers RT please 
Yooooo! 
Tonights the night!!! Come and support Birmingham the next wave of Birmingham electronic music, from Hiphop - Techno - Dub - Drum and Bass - 
 musicians in residence include 
Feel like new this Monday with this brilliant tune 
Thanks for supporting the club mix of Keep Your Head Up! 
What happens 
Already over 1M plays for 'Keep Your Head Up' by 
We sure understand why so many names are supporting the club mix of 
Gotta love a delivery from my man 
New tunes winging their way from Liverpool courtesy of the superb 
"The in-crowd is so out right now!"  That's right, let your freak-flag fly, kids! 
We're going camping, everyone! Passes for 
 goes on sale tomorrow at 12pm PT! Purchased your 
Oiiiii a rare appearance from the legend 
For the first time ever – camping Under the Electric Sky! 
Coming up in December: Live 
Thanks for breaking us in last night Milton Keynes 
De Oosterpoort you were SENSATIONAL! 
Remixes for 
when you feel the weekend coming... 
Tune in to my weekly updated 
Latest 
We're so excited to finally share our complete Cell Phone EP with you guys! 
Keep on rocking! 
Great opportunity for young people aged 11-15 via 
Tune in now for the 
On my way to you Toronto 
Amazing volunteers like Julie & Yvonne gave 9,750hrs of their time for 
6 DAYS!! 
It's Friday! 
Relive more of 
Check out photos from our massive 
Hands up for a surprise set from 
Invest & build movements not moments. Mission driven, social change before sellout. Of place. Integrity core to 
New song . Cue new song applause 
Here's a little throwback to Nordic-Baltic Dynamics 2017! 
Congrats on being selected among TOP12 startups in Estonia! 
This week we analyzed historical rainfall in Palo Alto, CA with CHIRPS data. Shockingly, 90.3% of the days since 1981 have been completely dry in PA. Mostly due to rain shadow caused by the Santa Cruz mountains. Special thanks to 
Yoh. On MTV tonight: The People vs The Patriarchy 

When your bathroom shelf actually holds all of your product - a 
Hey ma! We made the paper! Thanks for the kind words 
Shoutout to our incredible panelists: 
I just replaced listening to Golden Oldies on a Sunday to 
 Graham Dunning - Resonance Cascade
Preserving the HipHop Culture in SA and Africa as a whole is our priority!!! 
What an awesome way to begin 
Show of Force by the People 
Sooooooooooo flipping good to hear 
HECKIN PERFECT 
Huge congrats to former group member 
 launch selfie with young people and First Minister 
Great to see deadly bands like 
Some bunch 
Looking forward to participating in today’s 3rd 
It was a privilege to present our work across 
 teaming up with 
Went to support the team, in a mad night for our academy boys!! 
What are you waiting for? It's 
“I believe designers deserve to be paid, preferably handsomely.” 
STARTS TONIGHT 
Only went and won best poster at 
365 days of ground-breaking arts and culture 
RT if you have joined 
Recruitment team ready to meet and greet our future mental health workers today at the Hive Manchester come and see us we are here from 10am until 4pm today 
That's all folks! It's been a fascinating weekend covering such a diverse range of topics around design and imperialism, with so many questions still be explored...

A big thank you to all the participants, attendees and everyone who followed the 
What could make 50% off mains even better? How about your first drink on us! If you want a piece of the action check out our app or our website! 
The 2018 fixture list is out! 
's legendary World Cup-winning manager, Sir Alf Ramsey, made his 
On this day in 1948, 
Very proud of you 
Great start to our WWC qualifying campaign! 
140 caps 
Sounds like a great evening in Walsall... good job all round!
People are often interested in our remote working model, which we call 
WHAT A DAY 
FULL-TIME | Derby County 0 Town 1

Massive three points... GET IN! 
 It’s Heart’s 
Dream team 
Looking forward to seeing our 
The king! 
Was great filming with you! Good luck at the championships 
First tweet! 
Ideal in she! 
(1/2) We are proud to welcome 
Sheet metal apprentice Macaulay Reavill receives hero's welcome after representing the nation at 
Meep, review tweet is spectacularly late. But. New reviews are up!! 

We *really* enjoyed THE DOCTOR'S DISCRETION by EE Ottoman - check out our 8/10-star reviews and this great new release! 
Who's ready for the legendary 
Just In: 
SURPRISE! Dressed in disguise, 
So proud of this! Big thanks to the 
Moments like these. 
Join us tomorrow Tuesday for this 
Singapore’s Changi airport to cut passenger waiting times thanks to augmented reality 
Voting is now open for the Overseas Sports Personality of the Year 2017 
Free 
 this is the sad state of the human mind....72,000 tickets sold, 4,000 no shows and 68,000 in the stadium....this is a guy who almost auctioned his Bentleys to dare to dream, come on Africa, we can do better! Big up 
AUSSIE RULES (IN SCHOOLS) 
COMPETITION: Win a pair of 
 to when we unveiled the Telaria brand at 
In recognition of 
Record bookings for the Western Motorhome Show!! 
Check the 'wrap text' option from the top-right user options menu in the editor, and never have to scroll horizontally again 
Great job on the branding and creating a vibe 
We've arrived 
Wise words from 
Join us this Tuesday 5th Dec 
What better way to use our first 
Congratulations Coach... your love, passion and faithful spirit made us Champions... 

The Lord said " do not be afraid, be courageous and you'll be blessed." 
New trailer of WHIST here
The man of the hour 
1,547,915 
$300,000 artist support program announced in Brisbane. Bravo 
Take note: THIS is how you do a magazine cover 
Privileged to be backstage at 
At the film screening of 
SCOTTA IS STAYING AT THE BAYS 
As our Tiger Women gear up for the start of pre-season, why not take a look back at the highlights from 2017 
Weekends 
We are excited to announce 
A glimpse of 
More than 1.5 million people play Australian Football 
Thank you Doc. A day I won't forget! 
Why's the offense clicking?? 


Big congrats to NATALIE WINTER & MORGAN JANDA on being selected to play in the 
Sultaano! Time to represent the 
Congrats to 
Congrats to Brian Cashman on being named 
Spring is right around the corner... 
We're a little biased but...another great show fellas. 
WiLD Thoughts! Thank you San Jose you were amazing! 
"You give me purpose everyday, you give me purpose in every way" 

We are back up on iTunes! 
 to the nursery nativity - as you can tell from my face, I was livid the inkeeper had all the lines and his wife was silent. (I was ready for 
Prayers going up for Ty Solomon 
Up & through in Indy 
Jose Mourinho has confirmed that Zlatan Ibrahimovic, Paul Pogba and Marcos Rojo are in contention to face Newcastle on Saturday 
Damn we really did that 
All you need to make it through December  
That's a wrap! 
Congrats to our talented, and dedicated team 
CHRISTMAS HAS COME EARLY AT THE F1 STORE 
The Ideal Facebook Cover Photo: How to Make Yours Stand Out (With 12 Examples) 
The 2017 World Para Powerlifting Championships are only NINE days away! 
Did you miss The Tale of Mr. Tumble today?

You can catch it on 
Good news for those of you who have asked...

CBeebies The Tale of Mr. Tumble is repeated tomorrow at 9:30am 
If the only thing you’re dreaming of this Christmas is a moment of relaxation, look no further than these amazing festive food hacks, brought to you by 
This couple are so endearing & down to earth
 culture! We're supporting the bid for Borough of Culture because we know what we can offer. 
We're very proud to support Camden’s bid to be named London Borough of Culture 
Signed performance of this magical tale Friday 8th Dec at Moyses Hall museum, Bury St Edmunds 
Catch me behind the decks at 
Fun time playing some tracks for 
Super busy 
2000 lights shining bright 
Congratulations to Max Emanuel Cencic, George Petrou and 
Catch me on 
It's almost Final weekend, and the Contestants will need some surefire advice on how to take home the title! Who better to help them out than 
IT'S TIME FOR MANCHESTER! See you all later for 
We had an amazing time last night 
Almost 27,000 of you have now signed the petition to stop changes to the way women's refuges are funded - THANK YOU! 
We're on the "brink of change" for smart cities says our 
Counting down days to Santa Landing on 2nd Dec. 
We couldn't bring you Santa in the helicopter without our very good friend 
Big emphasis on systems, interconnectedness and cascading failures 
Undoubtedly one of the greatest British performances of 2017! Congrats to 
Words of wisdom from 
Our creative director Clare will be talking at this 
If you're waiting for a sign this is it! 
I think I saw today more women than men on the bike 
 Put your hands up for the McPick 2 for $5 lineup!! 
Well, she's the AFC Asian Player of the Year for a reason! 
Tomorrow! The 
 stand for globalism & want to shape the future, says a study by our friends at 
Go Sullyyyyyy!!!! 
: 50% off sitewide 
DD Perks members can celebrate the Patriots win with an 87 cent medium hot or iced Brown Sugar Cinnamon coffee all day today! 
Keeping my 
Thank you to everyone who helped make our Reverse Black Friday such a success. Together, we will donate $3661 to 
That feeling when you open up a fresh bag 
It’s the most wonderful night of the year! Watch 
Hello, weekend! 
EVERY touchdown from EVERY game!!! 
Tom Brady has been nominated for BBC Overseas Sports Personality of the Year! 
i just wanna let y'all know... 
We're creeping up on the first 
Tune in now to see our set from  
We caught a body with this one 
RT if you're as excited as we are to see 
Olympic champion 
T minus 24 hours until my fave day of the week... parkrun day 
 Congratulations to 
When you see the Wonder-ful 
 faculty, students and alumni joining forces to make a difference 
Some seriously sweet announcements last week.... next year is shaping up pretty nicely! BRING IT ON! 
Just announced- 
The last few months we’ve been working on our line up for next year. We’ll be revealing our first wave of names at the start of next week! 
UP Festival announce Ricardo Villalobos for inaugural edition. 
Big up all the artists who are there and consistently sick but don’t really get as much shine and praise as they deserve. I appreciate you. Carry on being nang. The opportunities will come. 
Super happy to be heading to 
Saturday night was sick 
Tonight !! Classixx X LoveTempo . Super fun night in store! 
Great to see our partners from 
Massimo from Coffee Run is our penultimate competitor! Not long til we find out who is the Union Barista Champion 2017! Competition is tough and the level has been outstanding today 
Our second issue of ilkzine is ready and raring to go. Fancy a read? Pop into our office to pick up a copy or drop us a DM! 
We’re here 
Tis the season of mulled wine & bratwursts, as the 
Catch our girls in 
I witnessed some real poverty out in India, was never a country I   thought i'd be visiting this year. Shout out to Lady Leshurr, she had a   whole venue full of people to watch her their 
Our model Noureen on set for 
Latina / Asian / Olive skinned girl w/black hair needed for a shoot tomo.  Pay £110. Dm us if you're interested 
So I just saw that 
Congratulations to all this years MOBO award winners. So much good music this year 
Ya estamos en Rusia. Objetivo logrado⁠⁠⁠⁠!! / Job done!! Qualifyed for Russia 2018 WCup 
Mouthwatering Frank & Chilli cheeseburger. 
This intimate rooftop venue will play host to 
RT to win a ticket +1 to our next Infinity rooftop party next Friday 
Look out 
Excited to have 
oh snap 
When you turn 
Big up to 
A BIG thank you has to go out to 
Can't wait for 
THANKS to all the models involved 
Yesssss cannot wait to sing 'In Your Eyes' live at Printworks on sat 
Proper remix treatment from 
001 and 002 both out now. Big ups Kid Drama, an immensely talented artist and an all round top geezer too tbh! 
Go Boston, up at unlucky for some 13 in the Beatport charts 
Relive more of 
Check out photos from our massive 
Hands up for a surprise set from 
It’s Warehouse Project Day 
The BEECast is back !! 
Berlin - Friday Night - Watergate Crew 
Tonight I'll be Playing first at Zeta Bar in Bugibba than at The Playground for Guerrilla Malta  
New York! See you at 
TUNE IN to hear the best music from around the globe including Don's VIP mix of TAKE HER PLACE! 
 spotted on 
Merci Brussels, Hedonism Party Crew it was fantastic on Saturday @ ZODIAK !!! 
You chose... wisely. 
When there’s a whole hour left of 
195 Days to Go... 
Look back and celebrate how 
Congrats to our friends 
Making strides toward diversity in STEM and an inclusive workforce, 
.....and 
Meet your 
NEW TOUR DATES!!! 
YES Miley
Go under the radar this band quality songs 
Remember 
Sultaano! Time to represent the 
Weekends 
Premiers one day, 
Yeah the girls! Women's football inspires record participation rates! 
When it's all said + done, we'll always be 
Can't wait! 
Awesome growth in Aussie Rules participation this year 
We can't wait! 
We are excited to announce 
A glimpse of 
What number will 
Thank you to MMC 
Our VFLW team has a coach 
What a superstar 
I am not an 
Check out this great range of LA gear at PAVEMENT 
So big up to indie local businesses for being awesome at Instagram 
13 tries in a 
Hugh ripper! 
Thank you for the awesome feature 
Todd Carney at his best 
Congrats Dunboyne 
That winning feeling... 
"Drama at the Ricoh!"

An incredible end to an incredible game of rugby. 
One of the best semi-finals in 
Massive congratulations to our Y12s, winning the School’s first ever 
Sundays are for sticky buns. 
"Football gives you a type of freedom that you do not need to carry a white stick nor ask for help"


Great support from 
Nice win squad 
 Hands up if you always keep  Batiste at your bed-side!
Introducing our ROASTED CAULIFLOWER & CHICKPEA SALAD with a lemon and tahini dressing. Number 3 in our 4 new sides 
Great article from Dwell about our friends at Magnolia and how they've mastered the art of modern design. Proud partners 
...and the KICK IS GOOD
It's here 
UPDATE 
We launched a new store! Wanted to get ourselves more gear reppin 
 FYI, you've been added as a maker of Rey on 
Does that background look familiar?! 
Huge thank you to 
 is happy on a Saturday night! 
We did it! A couple even crushed the 10km 
Berdin was this close 
Also received our home game poster 
HUGE CONGRATS to 
Well now that's cool 
Great to see OpenCFP using Tailwind CSS in their recent UI overhaul. 
Awesome to see people deploying Tailwind sites already! 
Automate everything, so you can focus on your code 
We have a new, cool, shiny Silver partner who specializes in artificial intelligent chatbots. Welcome on board 
 hooray for the north, it’s people, and a brighter future for us types outside of London.
We're excited to be sponsoring 
hi twitter! im going to be working remotely in london nov 3-28 (so... nearly the whole month!) and would love to meet up/hang with people! 
Thanks everyone 
10 weeks of broken foot, finally back to the gym today 
Just got to Berlin! 
Expanding Unwanted Software policy to cover Android apps that collect personal user data without consent: 
Next steps: marking more HTTP pages as "not secure" in Chrome

Happy Sunday!! 
Craig Overton you beauty!!!

His first wicket in Test cricket is Steve Smith 
MASSIVE well done to 
And our final speaker Sarah Shimmons from 
Yay! Such exciting news for 
Other Voices pilgrimage just around the corner. 
photo cred goes to 
All The Reasons 
Send us some pictures when you're done!  
TGIF: Thank Goodness It's Film-Day... err, we mean FRIDAY! 
Huge thank you to the incredible 
 to all tennis fans celebrating the Festival of Lights 
Exciting news! Starting in 2018, admission to 
We’ll see you Tuesday in Nathan Phillips Square, Toronto!! 
Keep those wicked playlists coming and thanks for supporting local 
Feelin' good now that the weekend is here 
This tour = 
Honored to be a part of this 
Just one week until Joe Montemurro's first match in charge! 
We'll be keeping a close eye on the 
COME ON CITY!! 
Those colours! Cool to see our cans like this! 
So proud of my amazing friend 
Quite an inspirational night 
Great to see this


Today is the International Day to End Violence against Women  

Yay! 
 Introducing our 2018 Roster: 
Just six months now until we're back in Limburg for the June 1-3, 2018 
What a finish that was 
Tried to give a pretty sincere interview to 
Done deal! Another two years 
 don’t forget to tune in to listen to this one!
Let's do this! Our radio show 
Stoked to have 
"Throw your hands in the air. And wave 'em like you just don't care" 
When you leave work early on Friday 
Throw your hands up 
Who wants FREE stuff!! 
180-day journey complete 
Honshtein adds on. 
IT'S INTERCEPTED! 
Let's be real. You need the Katrina Dressy Backpack in your life
Cyber Sale has EXTENDED
Your cold weather essentials are all on SALE
That new new
That winning feeling. 
Today is the day - it's OPEN HOUSE day 
 Big up for 
Great night tonight at the 
It was EPIC 
ICYMI - 
Did a masterclass at Dancefair yesterday! 
For everyone who missed it, it’ll be online soon! I’ll keep you posted 
BOOMERANG is out now! 
Happy to finally release BOOMERANG this Friday! 
On the decks having some fun!!
and again creating some magic 
Hey music lovers
Dallas! Want to hang out with me at 
If you could go and see any show right now, who would you want to see? 
Moved to 10-0 last night with a 2nd round TKO and 3rd KO over a durable opponent. Good to meet 
Brazil takes home the 2-1 win vs. England after a scoreless second half.

Perfect lead-up to tonight's main event: 
Like and RT to say thank you to all our amazing disabled officers, staff and volunteers who work 24/7/365 to keep you and those you love safe. 
 performed 
Just in from 
Make sure u not driving when u watch this. This tweet is flammable. 
Thanks to everyone who purchased our merch! Winners of the fan event were notified this afternoon via email. We're looking forward to meeting you all! 
Great support from our Prime Minister 
This quote from Sport Newcastle Patron, Sir John Hall, is providing us with all of the 
Good start to the weekend 
HAPPY FRIDAY 
aaand that's it 
Seems like a good excuse to get the Royal-relay out of the archive from the 2017 
People of South Wales you DO NOT want to miss this! 

MOKOCardiff is gonna be levels 
One of the best things since B.B. for me is meeting the people I’ve met.. 

So much love for 
The main events about to pop 
"In the beginning, there was me, I was rhythm."
Phrenology by 
Share your favourite joke to win a bottle of my finest… Must be Captain themed 
 now out on DVD and Blu Ray! 
DMV!! Hope to see you TODAY at the  Passport to Wellness Expo 
DMV!! Hope to see you this Saturday at the  Passport to Wellness Expo 
48 hours until 
Congrats to our friends over at 
Come on!! 
Team News | Your 
TRYLIGHTS TIME 
The Monday-est Tuesday ever! Don't worry, we've got tons of cocktails and pizza to look forward to this weekend! 
Nothing is coincidence 
Finally showing 
Locked and loaded to make the next workout yours? The truth is, greatness is for us all. This is not about lowering expectations; greatness is wherever somebody is trying to find it. 
Another win and another 4 goals. A bit disappointed in our second half. Foot of the gas and a few complicating things.. 18 Goals in 4 games 
Thanks for supporting the campaign 
My first 
We're close to breaking 100 million streams of our new album Crooked Teeth on 
First one to buy a 
Right after practicing my "Arararara ororororo" with Femi Kuti 
ahhh 
What a night to be involved in
From local lad to home hero. 
Winnie's outfit though 
Neo can hunt!!! 
 on the turf.. 
TUNE IN: Catch SA Comedian 
Ever seen hands on a defender- Put him in a 3 man pocket and he'll still show you flames! Absolutely dominates hus position and distributes quality ball through the lines. Another member from SA JWC16 team!
Remember the days you prayed for the things you have now, prayers go up and blessings come down 
We're proud to host the first gathering of the 
Everyone starts somewhere 
We’re super excited to be in the running for best integrated campaign for Creme Egg Hunting Season! 
Kiff Ride on 
Vera Adrian's new road bike
Julie Ebersole from Paper Trufflez is going to be LIVE on Facebook tonight at 7 pm PDT. 
 check out the new 
Amazing Milestone 
Take A Bow 
Hearing Mary do this live at 
It's almost jungle time! In 2018, 10 new celebrities will tough it out like you've never seen them before. We can't wait 
The final 
This glam pomegranate + raspberry cheesecake by 
Probably our favourite 
Can't wait to see you! 
 Amazing 
Some good environmental news today as the European Parliament votes to 
 Ryan Howard delighted to win 
So glad u like them. Had the chance 2 take so many 
Can't wait to see the release of the 
Big big love to the DON 
Shouts to 
Due to a cancellation we have a table of 6 available for Friday evening! 
Please call 01695 572511 to snap it up 
What a day for Gordon Elliott at 
This is awesome 
EXPERT ADVICE: 30 lens hacks that will push your creativity and improve your photography 
"Scotland's coolest city": Dundee named worldwide 'hot destination' by The Wall Street Journal 
Stunning designs by 
Countdown to our Action Summit on Dec 6! Book a ticket at Eventbrite & get a complimentary ticket for a colleague! 
Don't miss this blog written by Advanced Physio 
Guess what? We're expanding to Chicago! RT and tell all of your friends so we can bring our fight against food waste to the next level in the Midwest. 
Thank you for being so amazing 
 Adopts 
Chillin' and lazing in the sun all day…
Hands up if a rock hyrax is your spirit animal 
That career 
It was incredible to perform at home in London after so long. Thanks to everyone who was with us at Hammersmith Apollo on Saturday! 
What a trio 
Our lads can be proud of what they have done 
Speaking of 
 I was watching the 
Come and have a play at our Playdepot today! And don't forget to vote for us at the Family Arts Festival Awards 
When you come to terms with the fact that your live show will never come close to topping 
The first week of Chester Christmas Market has been fantastic! We hope you’re all enjoying it as much as we are! 
Hi lovely people! Join us for the first ever Meet the Main Characters of 2018 chat 
These gorgeous flowers don’t need a filter 
Thank you Bel! Likewise 
Incredible achievement Sam! 
Studio w/ 
Tonight is the night! Yule Ball in the Alumni Gym at 7:30. 
TONIGHT & TOMORROW our kitchen will close at 5pm because we're hosting the wonderful 
Bed. It’s time....early flight to LA in the morning 
 Thank you for sharing this great picture! Happy to help! 
Thanks for supporting the club mix of Keep Your Head Up! 
What happens 
Already over 1M plays for 'Keep Your Head Up' by 
We sure understand why so many names are supporting the club mix of 
24 hours later and were still trending! 
Number one on trending already and only been live for a few hours! If it helps one person, it’s worth it! 
We're going camping, everyone! Passes for 
 goes on sale tomorrow at 12pm PT! Purchased your 
WEEKEND! Go with the 'FLOW' by 
We need to talk directly about suicide. Let's 
For the first time ever – camping Under the Electric Sky! 
NEW video | Three outfits making up my winter workwear 
My mind says Bluebella but my bank balance says 
We have the best customers 
Thoroughly deserved boys - we did it. 
Yasssss
Partying 
STARTS TONIGHT 
Super excited to be joining this years Bestival team 
The biggest congratulations to Sentrics very own 
Excited to be a part of this 
20 August LIVE at 
"I don't know what to say. Thank you to my team, family, everyone..."

Hyeon Chung, a worthy 
We're down in Hertford tonight, free entry show! Followed by Manchester tomorrow. Let's do this 
Hands up who still gets excited to open the first door of their advent calendar?! Thanks 
Sooo good that the celebs are openly discussing mental health 
"Where sexism is the problem, feminism must be the answer" - 
An inspired move by 
Over the moon to interview the awesome 
Go and see. Best piece of theatre I've seen... Maybe ever. 
When the bullies called, 
Brother goals 
 we just recorded with your homeboy 
What are you really saving for? 
Love this advice from 
Ahhhhhhh!!!!!!! 
WIDE. OPEN.


So much Love for this crew!!! Magical group of people 
First night of tour 
Inspiring change one day at a time. Happy Monday! 
 is easier than ever if you use 
We are one week away from the LATAM Summit!! 
So grateful to have gotten to know these amazing 
Wishing a BIG congrats to 
 in 2011 we had 
Good luck! Hope to see you in South Bend for a few weeks in April. 
Time for the 
Dunno about you lot but I'm absolutely buzzing. Bring it on 
FOOTBALL IS BACK  
Happy Thanksgiving everyone! We’re so thankful for over two years of FG, all our amazingly talented ambassadors, and all our wrestle friends & clients! So we’re offering free shipping and extra goods in all orders with the code THANKS 
 is good.  
as expected, 
Peachy, sour and tang with a clean finish. 
Introducing the Official Poster of the 2018 FIFA World Cup! 

Inspired by the legendary Lev Yashin 
 said it best:
"I told you! If you go to Notre Dame, you can't leave it in the officials' hands."

Profound words from 
There we go 
Both Jimmy Johnson and 
Great times! 
Our beautiful OLIVIA at this mornings 
Good workout 
Are you a Georgia Perry fangirl/boy? Mosey on over to Snapchat and enjoy our exclusive GP for Bonds filter available for 24 hours only 
Punter/QB/LB/TE...

Our guy 
Thanks for helping us pave the way, 
We're counting down the hours! 
ROLL CALL >> Who is ready to see the best Queen tribute band perform LIVE tomorrow night?! 
This happened last night.


2 hours 45 minutes til kickoff.

BIG thanks to 
Congratulations to the 2017 
Masterclass 
Lifting the Western Conference Championship trophy in front of a packed house... 

There's no better feeling! 
Finally checking out this new 
David De Gea felt unstoppable against Arsenal 
What an AWEEESOME premiere tonight!! 
 community manager Tanya Grady is featured in 
"When I lost a match I broke down in frustration. Today players lose, take a selfie and put it on the Internet. They make me sick."

- AC Milan's new head coach Gennaro Gattuso. 
FCA TOMORROW GOT US LIKE... 7:30 in the Sports Court!!
C’mon down and take a load off. Not all our pieces are at @edinburgh_art_fair ... but we bought more walls anyway!  
Soon to be heading off to @cambridgeartfair ! As well as unveiling our Christmas plans, stay tuned! Have a creative weekend! 
Come along! 
Lovely feature from 
Comedian 
Pleased to announce me and my piano will be playing at 
Cya there! 
Holy shit union chapel is gonna be mega. Can’t believe it’s nearly sold out! 
Cheers brother
Now, THIS is magic hour at its finest 
 has been added to 
Best news ever! 
Can't tell you how excited I am to be behind the decks with 
Happy 21st Birthday to the best bar in the world, 
sadly no :( but i’ll be in LA in January writing new songs! i’ll deffo do a meet up 
So much coming up on today's PItch Talk! 
We’re hiring a Junior Designer 
Doors open at The Twa Tams for 
Young kim_irvine_ chanting 
// really lookin forward to doing a show with our good pals in 
Good night hey? 
 smashing it over at 
Keep dreaming, fly high 
Smashing the House In Liverpool with a new one of mine 
That honor. The one and only 
Take it from the man - John Jenkins plays live at Studio2 tonight! Doors at 7 
For me is do nothing kind of 
That settles it - 
Next stop Tenerife 
Get your holiday shopping done — with free shipping when you order by December 14th. 
Overwhelmed by the 
Thanks so much Melanie! 
Come and work for the Oxford Hub 
TLDR Pages 
That was AMAZEBALLS. 
Eeeeek can not wait for 
From here on out, all Sundays shall be known as spiced pear Sundays 
South Mancs assembleeeee! 
This is HUGE! 
You are in good hands 
Just finished our 50th 
Top three needs to be Tiny Dancer, Rocket Man and Your Song 
Tuesday Friendly Reminder... Giving back is always in style 
Two Toronto chicks wearing some maisonvalentino Congrats on the new Soho Store 
Reserves coach 
We're auctioning two 
Great to see such a unique scene getting a national profile 
Really proud to be part of it! 
SANTA'S COMING
Delighted to chat to 
 - Congratulations to the top movers on the latest 
Get ready to catch all the feels with 
The Europa League is back 
We’re in today’s 
MA Media & Culture booklet looking good 
Looking forward to seeing our 
For the first time in our history, we're in the 
Congratulations to our Students who started rehearsals yesterday for Jack and the Beanstalk at the 
 IT'S GAME DAY!!! 
 eee looking forward to seeing pics! x
And we are off! 


Have you heard that we are coming to 
Need gear? We got it!

Season Members get EXCLUSIVE early access at 10AM! Locker Room Sale opens to the general public at 11 from 
Want to support 
We love thinking of new places to put our farm-fresh wreaths, the wilder the better 
RJ's work is staggeringly beautiful, same goes for behind the scenes 
Join us in wishing 
Psssst.. we've got the perfect prep for your Summer getaway
The awesome 
Exciting Offer. Steak and Guinness Pie and a pint of Guinness only £16! Come and grab one before they're all gone. 
Plans coming together for The Great Aspall Christmas at 
Amen to that, Sam. 
Old skool and proud 
This. Is. Energy. 
Our own 
Realizing 2017 is finally almost over 
What a night to be involved in
From local lad to home hero. 
Exciting news! Starting in 2018, admission to 
YES SHANIA! Check out 
Can you say EXTRA!? 
Keeping my 
Damn we really did that 
Christmas came early! 
We're one of the most geo-tagged places in 
Night one of 
The first wave of acts playing Boardmasters 2018 has arrived including your first Main Stage headliner, 
Ta-da! Almost as magic as Santa, the holiday bomber practically gifts itself 
Racing toward the end of the week like... 
"You give me purpose everyday, you give me purpose in every way" 

Yesss big up my dudes 
Having confirmed his place at The 
Specially designed Starter Sessions for new runners wanting to take part in The 
You're going to be amazing Barbara! 
Missed 
So excited to confirm I’ll be running the first-ever 
We couldn't agree more Kare!

If you missed it this morning, be sure to catch up on 
We're live from both of today's 
Bless you 
Team News | Your 
miigwetch Michael, big thank u 
We're glad you enjoyed it! Keep piggybacking and you'll be #1 next time 
dood 
Here we go. 
History made! We're in the quarter-finals of the 
Another incredible crowd at Adelaide Oval 
Don't Stop Believing! 
Pink is the new black! Forget about that television, toaster or trombone that you really don’t need and invest in an original artwork, made with skill, time, talent and passion by the hands of one of our incredible artists this PINK Friday 
Woohoo! Just registered to attend the world's largest conference on happiness and wellbeing - Happiness & Its Causes - with none other than 
Great night with the boys at mahikimcr on Saturday 
Brilliant stuff from the 
COMPETITION! 
ICMYI: Australia's 
This is awesome 
EXPERT ADVICE: 30 lens hacks that will push your creativity and improve your photography 
It's COMPETITION time! 
"That's game, set and match."


Looking forward to seeing some more celebrations like these in next year's 
Did you miss The Tale of Mr. Tumble today?

You can catch it on 
Good news for those of you who have asked...

CBeebies The Tale of Mr. Tumble is repeated tomorrow at 9:30am 
THE WINNING MOMENT 


Congratulations, 
Simply incredible! 
A Notts legend leaves his mark on the 
Happy birthday to Chad Kroeger of 
"Moving trust from a system of hierarchy to a system of protocol...this model of trust is gradually seeping into the consciousness of the world.. this about more than currency, it will shake the world  2 its foundations." - Andreas Antonopoulis on 
Well, she's the AFC Asian Player of the Year for a reason! 
The finalists at this year's 
TODAY. NEWEST REMIXES ---> calypso rose's "leave me alone (feat. 
Shout out to our friends 
FairPlay to 
Join the movement and share how you would help to end stigma around mental health... Together, 
Let's change these statistics and make it easier for young people to talk openly about mental health. Together, 
 It’s matchday as we take on 
Boom boom 
SAME! 
Missed it in the cinema? You can now watch Lost in France at home!

Check 
Delighted to be in 
When Cavan's best meets Longford's best 
Perfect for 
Happy 'it's-nearly-Friday-day'! 
Looking forward to top twenty night! 
Catch me behind the decks at 
 Carl Cox returns to Creamfields after a 10 year hiatus, headlining Steel Yard on Friday night 
Glad to hear they enjoyed their visit to watch the 
Find out more as we look forward to the 
The draw for the third round of the 
Truly amazing. You are an inspiration 
Emily is representing Lattitude at 
Check out this shot of the 
Shout out to all at 
Best spin bike of all time?! 
There'll be sunshine this weekend 
The main card is only getting started and it's already crazy! Whose corner are you in tonight? Let's talk 
What a night so far, and we're raising the knob up to legendary! 
I'm stoked. What about you? 
I'm hyped about this main card – this is what these nights are all about... What are your thoughts? 
Not only is it Friday but it's 
Time for the 
Made my day to speak to the girls from 
Go on 
So proud of my amazing friend 
Quite an inspirational night 
Great to see this


Today is the International Day to End Violence against Women  

My new book, 
Start the day with positivity and expect miracles 
Does that background look familiar?! 
Good news as 
Brilliant by Savin, who finished on a superb 74 as he opened the batting for 
Follow and RT to win tickets to Chelsea vs 
When bae picks up 
Splashing through the competition, Water Dodger is our next big toy! 
EARS to the best holiday gift ever! 
Let's be real. You need the Katrina Dressy Backpack in your life
Cyber Sale has EXTENDED
Your cold weather essentials are all on SALE
That new new
Fylde coast travel team do the double 
Prefer crisps to chocolate? This 
We're here at 
Congratulations Tom 
My first run in 3 months 
 looking forward to having you  there
Excited to have you there 
From the ground up 
That's right AART + Community Matters will hit the stage this Thursday! 
We're ready and waiting for The 
Ready to bop into the 
Absolutely buzzing to be included on 
Done the mixing and the muddling, now it’s time for the drinking at 
A truly magical Mahler 9 tonight at 
Genuinely my favourite photo from tonight. Young people having fun, celebrating with invited guests and 
No doubt ELVIS !!!! 
 When 
Can't believe 
We're so excited for 
Woo! Fantastic news! 
Excellent! 
Great focus! We’re sure everyone will have 
Today is Transgender Day of Remembrance so to the many trans people I’ve known over the years, to those who’ve struggled through difficulties, to those who didn’t ‘make it’, and to those who fought and won - sometimes winning battles for the rest of us- I admire and respect you
We are giving away an exclusive 
MASSIVE CONGRATS 
Superb riding 
Happy birthday to the incredible talent and soul that is 
More than 1.5 million people play Australian Football 
And the best player awarded by Port Adelaide was Frank Szekely for his six goal effort 
Final score for our Aboriginal AFL Academy boys against 
 Training wear, leisurewear and our fantastic 2018 
 More Salford Red Devils will be out at local presentation evenings this weekend as 
What number will 
Awesome growth in Aussie Rules participation this year 
Welcome Patrick Naish 
Grab a shoebox and fill it with items from this list and do something awesome for the homeless this festive season - drop it to 
We had a number of milestones reached this morning. Congratulations all! 
Thank you to those that brought them along this morning 
Two Toronto chicks wearing some maisonvalentino Congrats on the new Soho Store 
The new skipper in fine form! 
"We've had some great moments at Adelaide Oval and hopefully that can continue" 
Exciting times. 
 Many 
The U20 will look to make it a 
(Double) 
Just extended my contract 
Glorious Mint Hot Chocolate 
There’s a lot to love about our Festive Winter Salad, but it’s all about the Wensleydale and caramelised pecans 
Who has 
That feeling when you’re the only 
Well done Grace, keep up the good work 
GOAL MORTON 
Another amazing performance by 
Like and RT to say thank you to all our amazing disabled officers, staff and volunteers who work 24/7/365 to keep you and those you love safe. 
Come along! 
Lovely feature from 
It was EPIC 
Major props to 
The Covert carnival returns tomorrow with a very special guest! 
And Fluff just announced its dates for next year 
On first listen the new Glassjaw record is a bit good. Thank the stars 
Follow Them True is a 
OUT NOW: Most Rated 2018 
Class snaps from last nights gig. 
Did a masterclass at Dancefair yesterday! 
For everyone who missed it, it’ll be online soon! I’ll keep you posted 
BOOMERANG is out now! 
Happy to finally release BOOMERANG this Friday! 
Honoured to be a part of the 
COMPETITION: Win a pair of 
Dallas! Want to hang out with me at 
Wooohoooo. No surprise this. So so proud of you 
When these 2 legends come together, how can it be anything but awesome 
He came, he 'sau', he double 'sau' 
Today, our friends at 
A huge thanks to our amazing Student Ambassadors who added so much to the success of our Open Days - such a great team and such enthusiasm and love for IADT. You really made our visitors feel welcome. You're the best!!! 
It’s happening- the Climpson’s coffee bar at Old Spitalfields Market is OPEN! The 360 degree coffee bar experience 
When we are all so busy, you have to remember that some days you just need to stop, sit down and enjoy that cup of coffee 
Climpon's Coffee Bar 
White 
Shoppers, your dreams just came true 
# YAY, Check Out the Official Video of 
Tonight from 9pm, 
Hyderabad has its first web series and you sure don't want to miss it 
Great article from Dwell about our friends at Magnolia and how they've mastered the art of modern design. Proud partners 
Grand Rapids tonight! 
Fuck yeah, DC. Good times last night 
DC... Been too long. Excited for Friday night at 
Great night tonight at the 
Preach 
Hey Sunday, we're ready for you! 
Everyday. Everyone 
It has been over a month and I'm still not over it! Still thinking about it. Still need to watch it again. Kind of speechless. 
Fill your feed with body positivity – 8 accounts to obsess over 
"Our industry has the capacity to change the world in the most positive ways. Together we can continue be a force for good." - 
I just love when my American friends are congratulating me on victory of an Indian film at Festival des 3 Continents, Nantes 
Say hi to our new LA Cousin 
It's an imperative we give it our best shot 
just for fun
Hoping 
Motown President Ethiopia Habtemariam has been named on 
Damn Bafethu what a Dope Free style 
's groove at 94 last night was too lit. 
Truey Donatello - 
TOTALLY stoked to have the great..a legend Fatima Robinson on 
Legend.


And, handily, the full video is now live 
We’re incredibly thankful for you, Knight Nation 
 
Thanks 
Thanks for sharing! 
Thank you John! 
Big strides being made by Horse Racing 
August's Stobart Jockey of the Month nominations are 
Northern Ireland has a new hero 
 Want to win a MEAL FOR TWO? 
What a game... Well done Galway!!! 
CHAMPION


MY ALBUM IS FINALLY OUT! Tell me which track is your favorite 
See you this week Europe! Tag a friend who should come to the shows 
【WEB SHOP（besides japan）】There is only a little left.
Why wait for the weekend when we have newly available mid-week reservations? After all, fantastic food should be part of every day 
A new WORLD RECORD 
I BOOGI takes out the K Line Australia Handicap and gives 
BIG LOVE FOR MY DANISH BROTHERS 
1,547,915 
Travis Scott loves fan art 
For the love of mankind who can relate??? There is something about whiny kids in a car that literally drives me crazy. Music doesn’t help at ALL! But what does? Headphones and a good audiobook from 
Prosciutto + peach flatbread 
RETWEET if you're thankful for this game! 
!!! 
Huddle up on 
 is trending!!!!  Seems there’s a lot of us fans out 
 is happy on a Saturday night! 
One more time for the City! 
You chose... wisely. 
 well done 
Even more reason to watch 
Joel Lowry.....above average breakaway....above average celly 
A rematch vs. the Magic on 
Our men's basketball team is also undefeated at 7-0! 
Stitching up some surprises for you at 
That’s so great to hear! We love the whole team 
YAASSSSSS
This Hollywood chic centrepiece is everything! 
 Congrats on your founder featuring in 'Incredible Australian Tech Founders' 
Loved being on w/ 
Re-watching 
Michael Harmel has been named a Finalist in 2 categories of 2016 
Semi-finalists for 
The latest episode of 
 forever 
 Thank you for such high praise 
Thank YOU for the support! 
Honored to be a part of this 
 Don't miss seeing 
Thank you for voting for us & BIG congratulations to everyone in the 
TFW you have a 
 We brought the house down and raised $15 million for 
JACKSONVILLE thanks for starting off this weekend of Florida dates right! 
Today we’re launching Twitter premium APIs to kick off the next era of innovation for Twitter developers. 
Don't miss this blog written by Advanced Physio 
Deep crust in one hand, beer in the other… that’s a happy pizza lover right there 
Great break for the afternoon slump--- thank you 
New little ditty from the 
He's a teaching assistant by day... but his evenings are dedicated to 
Punter/QB/LB/TE...

Our guy 
TOSS THAT PAPER! 


Kayleigh Stahlschmidt won a state championship and scored 24 goals in one season. 
 We were named one of the best 
FULL-TIME: CHELSEA 1-0 SWANSEA! 
GOAL! There's a second for 
Congratulations on your goal and making the semis, Dom. 
Need a favour from my pals pls 
Craig Overton you beauty!!!

His first wicket in Test cricket is Steve Smith 
 for the 
Costa Rica ran 300 days on 100 percent 
Here we go again! Super excited about our next academy - this time it's on gaming. Applications now open, please share 
OTD 35 years ago, Michael Jackson released THRILLER worldwide. It is still the best-selling record of all time. 
Good morning and welcome to the weekend 
incredible night 

Watch “Throwline Trailer” on 
Our only LONDON preview of 
How you feel when you're only $500 away from your goal 
“I am a student at United High School and I would like to thank you and all your crew members for coming all the way to Laredo and giving us the time of our lives!” - Emma G 
I just want to thank my God, my Alpha! 
Thank you to everyone for joining us tonight, it has been an incredible celebration of 
Project PICKLE takes off, with a new BFF high five 
RETWEET so every football player can hear this! 
A warm winter afternoon calls for a festive drink with nakedturtlerum! Recipe below 
*hallelujah chorus plays*
 And how awesome that we'll get to see you perform your new CHRISTmas song at the National Christmas Tree Lighting?? And with Brett James!!
 how exciting that in 2 days time we'll get to see you & 
So proud to call 
6 days to go
Thanks Amsterdam. You’ve quickly become one of my favorite European Cities. 
Desert Trip High Five 
This week in the 
as expected, 
Honored to have the amazing 
Never recorded 
Whoa 
Welcome back to the building, 
We have the best fans 
You rock, 
Awesome to see 
We couldn't do what we do without our amazing volunteers. Thank you for a fabulous 2017! 
Mastering the art of not giving up 
 to last 
mura been nominated for 2 Grammys. gunna get messy in east london tonight 
Excited to have 
 to the nursery nativity - as you can tell from my face, I was livid the inkeeper had all the lines and his wife was silent. (I was ready for 
Its an honour to be selected to perform alongside some Londons top djs at an event to help raise money for a charity called Mind (mental health charity) letd do this!!
Exited about this one! With my bro justin_pak_music, Previews up soon! 
That for the download 
Gutted I'm not attending 
 wrote a little article about our upcoming ALL008 release by 
 love the new Howlin’ remix 
Todays shows for your aural pleasure... 
THE BEST COMES LAST 
We are proud to announce - The Annual 2018 with 
"Daphne's new album stays true to who she is as an artist, the songs digging deep and highlighting her soulful voice." - 
Finally getting to watch 
Happy release day 
Oh shit it's nearly time for the annual 
Huge thank you to the incredible 
Sweet potatoes stuffed with chickpeas & feta is 
Great interview with 
12 Days of Promos: Day 2. Save 25% on Mugs with code DAYTWO » 
12 Days of Promos: Day 1. Save 30% on iPhone and Samsung Cases with code DAYONE » 
"Mysteries abound where most we seek for answers." -Ray Bradbury 
The companion album to the show everyone’s talking about is in stores now! 
my boi 
 REMIXES START DROPPING TOMORROW

s/o 
 New music coming out on 
WeeklyChris 2.0 
Though the Skins don't play again til Sunday Dec 10 
Nice.. dedication. 
It's 3am and am tired & hungry but I finished my new EP and wrote a new track... I'd say that's a productive night 
 Icarus still killing it!
Introducing Share on Remind—a faster, easier way to share links to your favorite content, tools, and resources. 
Just saw my boys 
it's been a good run 
May the force be with my brother 
Such a killer afternoon spent learning from our talented breakout leaders 
Get it girl! 
"Dynamite" by 
So grateful to have gotten to know these amazing 
Pleased to have crafted Reflet Communication new website 
Long weekend? 
 to GIUSEPPE OTTAVIANI's set at Privé last year 
Remember what I said? This is Estiva's year! 
We're 'High On Life' this Tuesday with 
We had a blast with 
Take the 
Legendary duo Gabriel & Dresden will play all night long next Friday at Cielo as part of their new album tour. 

BOOM 
We made it 
That time last year when I met Howie Meeker at a 
Buzzing to have 
 back in egg next Friday 
Yeah, it happened 
Someone need a holiday system? 
Amazing visiting 
 playing my new tune Distortion at 
Finally get to see  
Had a great time doing this one! Thanks to everyone that’s buying/streaming 
Detroit, Michigan is so fxcking awesome & special. Amazing beer, food, weed, and people. Thanks for packing out the floor tn yawl are the BESt 
That is a WRAP on 
just under 24 hrs left - take 50% off new 5 Mag memberships  
"We need Occupational Therapy to help us live with dementia - not just a shower rail" - 
Just spoke to Luxury MSc students at 
Congratulations to our 2018 
Congratulations to all this years MOBO award winners. So much good music this year 
Discover how 
Both Jimmy Johnson and 
Great times! 
 deals are here (and you’re going to love these savings) 
Another week, another climb for 
 - too soon? Or time just right? 
En route to 
  looking forward to having 
Happy 1st of December - If your 
 to day 2 winner of 50 FREE 
Congrats!!! The medal will serve as an everlasting reminder of your achievement! 
Looking good!! 
Thanks so much guys. So looking forward to it 
 to Piper's Past! With her smooth moves we aren't surprised this 
RT for a chance to WIN 4x XCLSV Backstage Passes, 4x VIP Camping, 1x 4 berth Luxury Deluxe Yurt + more!! We are delighted to announce our Phase 3 
So incredibly pleased & proud of you Joe - you did it & you are a national & 
Looking forward to another top quality evening. Try and make it if you can otherwise follow the live tweeting from 
Up next on PPV 
Tonight !! Classixx X LoveTempo . Super fun night in store! 
Catch Detroit's very own 
New vid is LIVE! 
Come sing along to these "Cakeified" holiday carols with me & the HTCI gang on Saturday December 9th during Camp Cake: The Holiday REMIX! We'll be baking THREE delicious holiday treats together during a full day of live stream baking on Facebook! 
"Do not be embarrassed by your failures, learn from them and start again." - Richard Branson 
He’s back with a vengeance, hyped to see 
Honoured to have hero of the book ‘Born to Run’, Arnulfo Quimare drop by our stand today at 
 has been added to 
If you love makeup try 
"To be a first generation kid and to just claim your liberty, I salute you" - 
Transformative Art : In celebration of 
So proud of this girl I want to shout it from the rooftops, 
After eating nothing solid for the past 24 hours, it was lovely to have my new training bike set up and sorted by 
The south London designer 
We're taking over 
Heading to Liverpool this Friday! 
Just noticed that we are back in the 
Yup! We're ready! 
This is simply brilliant!

What a show of sportsmanship from Alistair Brownlee towards his younger brother Jonny 
Woot woot 
Thank you to everyone who came and joined us last night for 
Murky returns for an Xmas get down this Friday 1st December 
So excited to announce that my 
Beautiful morning in 
NYE is gonna be a good one 
The greatest Christmas tree ever 
Where would we be without the very first 
Massive well done 
Hands up who’s getting their Mum a BCU onsie for Christmas 
Chuffed to be one of the new charity partners for 
Check back with us everyday throughout December as we count down our top moments of the year 
We’re incredibly proud to be lauded as one of the top three International Consultancies of the Year by 
YES! We now have 
These instructors just trained in 
No game for the First Team this weekend however both the Development Squad and Under 18's are in league action 
We know waiting for your drink can be boring and tedious... That's why there's free sweets for those waiting! Start nibbling on a Fruit Salad or Blackjack and before you know it, your drinks ready!!
WOAH... Crew is definitely still feeling a bit wavy from last night... Let's all nurse our hangover the right way with FREE CHEESE TOASTIES, old school films and loads of Mario Kart 
 We're happy to announce that we've renewed our partnership as the Official Travel and Hospitality Provider of the 
13 ATL agencies in 3 days. 
YAAASSS Khaleesi! 
Wow! Congrats 
So excited to be here! Miigwetch 
Do me a favour? Go vote for the Amazing 
Congratulations Claire 
Another awesome shot from this weekend by 
TGD Issue 1 hardcover reprint (+ issues 2/3/4!) c/o Abbie Jolene Smith in Kansas City, MO 
“I get a huge amount of creative freedom ... And I feel incredibly lucky for that.” New interview up today with 
New interview up today, featuring Berlin-based photographer 
Thanks for the Beetroot Lattes 
Are you ready for next month's 
This is going to be good. 
No forgetting this guy! What an heroic effort it has been from 
When the whole family is pumped for tonight’s extra-long show...
See you at 9pm on 
 Vita Coco Coconut Water Giveaway 
Fall/winter pro tip: Massage  coconut oil into your wet skin after showering. Towel dry & bask in the glory of your ultra-moisturized skin 
New trailer of WHIST here
BIG shout out to 
So much coming up on today's PItch Talk! 
Already for selling today
A second for Odsonne! 2-0! 
This by 
YAS 
"Make your mind completely blank and have someone ask you what do you want. Whatever you shout out first is your truth." Denise Jones 
It did! Loved your honesty and humour. Thank you for the laughs and lessons 
Amazingly honest and humorous conversation with 
Meet our Radiography students 
Edit: she’s also a role model for women already *in* technology. 
Announcement:
You can hear our song on the trailer to the new 
89th minute: Gateshead 1 - 0 Lincoln City
93rd minute: Gateshead 1 - 2 Lincoln City

Danny Cowley's men don't know when to quit! 
 providing an awesome space for Sanctus sessions with the amazing Brad yesterday 
 will be performing a father-and-daughter collaboration at RUNWAY’s 50th anniversary concert to celebrate with the band her father co-found and served as the beloved vocalist. 
Could RT this all day 
We're all in! 
Oh.my.gloss! Our exclusive 
Shout out a friend who is always willing to lend a helping hand 
 seniors give shoutout to some of the commitments 
The last 5 years of enrollment data at Forté member schools reveal steady gains in the percentage of women, which is now at a global average of 37.4%. 
Holy the trails are so good right now 
Amazing support yesterday 
He did it again! Bronze medal for 
America here I come! 
What my experience as the 2017 Performance Analysis Post Graduate Scholar 
We've been nominated! 
Mega stuff! 
 // LUNCHTIME CLASS LAUNCH // 
We have a packed house for tonight’s session of 
Don't like something at work? Go out and create your own job. via 
FRIENDSHIP GOALS 
Get voting for 
Tomorrow is Dublin 
"When I lost a match I broke down in frustration. Today players lose, take a selfie and put it on the Internet. They make me sick."

- AC Milan's new head coach Gennaro Gattuso. 
Very welcoming news from 
 Conf has begun! Got inspo listening to Emily Pilloton of 
Bold prints by 
1st day of 
Exciting update out today! New selection tool, Blocks integration, refreshed palette & quick tool! 
@RABIAZZAHAR thanks for the big up! Right back at you
Near our Westfield Stratford store today? Get there at 5.30pm to meet 
We WON!!! 
7 awards + IAOY at last night’s 
EVERY touchdown from EVERY game!!! 
Tom Brady has been nominated for BBC Overseas Sports Personality of the Year! 
BLESSED 
Gerard Is Awesome 
Well Done To All Involved That Helped To Make Hobs Moat Christmas Event A Huge Success . Well Done Annie & Caulie 
Did you hear? Pete, the CoderDojo Foundations Community Lead for EMEA is a new ambassador of 
STARTS TONIGHT 
GIVEAWAY! 
Nice chat with 
How cool is 
100,000 retweets and we'll actually ask her do it... 
To apply to play at this years Reading Oxjam on Sat 14th Oct pls send links to your music & a biog to oxjamreadingartists@gmail.com 
Pep at his best. 
Nominated for a Grammy just this week - on Tuesday at the Philharmonie 
Good to see French-Californian friends 
The weekend is finally here and  now it's time for some coffee 
What a second set! 
Career best figures of 7-39 for Neil Wagner 
Follow & RT to win tickets to 
Great to be among such innovative initiatives 
When an 
Crusade will be lit in December . I happy too much.
Available dance 
Pre sale is 12/8!
In store 1/12 

Instagram Stories
zakoye repping from South Africa 
@ricowe3zy repping 
In the making 
Here are my dates for Bahamas guys 
Happy birthday me bad dancer, choreographer, videographer and editor! U got so much talent 
BRAND NEW! 
CONFIRMED: Kigali New Year's Eve 
 poppin' everywhere 
Happy new month everyone. 
Steaming hot water vapor! 
 bless you!
It's LAID BACK SATURDAY club_trance Osogbo, Organizer hotel opp.NUT Osogbo..
Charlie, I doff my hat for the guy on stage with Stonebuoy.

Dude get voice waaaaaa.

WE DID IT!! 
1 week ago we played at one of the best clubs in Spain 
South Mancs assembleeeee! 
How good was 
A race for all ages! 
What it feels like to finish the 
Tickets are on sale for Bubbles at Christmas at 
UK PREMIERE for 
Smart move by 
I am a dyslexic athiast - I don't believe that there is a dog in heaven.  
We Swaggin in the Top Fifteh aaayyyyyyy 
Ahh man... The 
Performance (by design). 
Our friends 
Our Friday is most definitely not black 
Day 2/5 in the directors seat with ddbstockholm and pixlfamily 
These are the best 
Lads the talent in Dingle for 
We are recording 
Thanks again @festoolsedge great tip on the 
Deals are now live 
Morning from Dingle! 
Monday mornings in Skibb 
Loved Carol’s shout out to 
Island life with the wife @00_Nicola_00 
That winning feeling... 
"Drama at the Ricoh!"

An incredible end to an incredible game of rugby. 
One of the best semi-finals in 
We got some great news today! We've made it into the top 10 
 is offering 3 days of hands on 
We're so pleased that the patients got the answers they needed tonight. 
Looks like they're doing well after their visit to see 
Thankful for courageous women like 
Not a bad spot for this week’s 
WOMEN'S 
COMMUNITY | Big up 
It's all happening in London right now 
Hello London! Wonderful to welcome 
 x 20!

Our historic run in SEC play reaches another milestone.


That championship feeling 
Tubs played an absolute blinder 
It's match day for the 
Big Match Prep 
Hands up if you're excited about the new season 
First dual meet of 2017 
The Women’s 
$4,000 raised for 
Can't wait for our 
 at its best 
Very true 
Great first day - Fantastic speakers and great break out sessions! So glad I came! 
One of our fave funny guys 
FT: England secure their first win of the 
Last Thanksgiving Service of 2017! 
A shout-out to the top movers on the latest 
LA! Mark your calendars and go hear 
We're honoured to be part of this amazing line up in London, get your tickets before they're gone! Thank you 
Late night ink 
 The 26 artists of the 
 Big up Hot Since 82! 
Excited for this! 
Fast Lane Friday is back at the track THIS Friday! 
We're live from both of today's 
 Finally did it :)
Playing the boy 
Here's to a thrilling 
We still can't get over how MEGA it was meeting the fans yesterday 
Finally get to see  
We made it 
Holy passion. We love our fam! Best fans in da lands. 
Glad you enjoyed it! 
THANK YOU 
On my way 
It's time for round 2 of our Merry 
It's time to kick off our Merry 
...and the KICK IS GOOD
Back on the radio this morning in Aberdeen!
Don't miss this blog written by Advanced Physio 
"In the beginning, there was me, I was rhythm."
Phrenology by 
So good to see 
Incredible to see so many 
The first wave of acts playing Boardmasters 2018 has arrived including your first Main Stage headliner, 
TONIGHT 
If the only thing you’re dreaming of this Christmas is a moment of relaxation, look no further than these amazing festive food hacks, brought to you by 
Thanks to 
...received the masters of our upcoming EP on Dennis Cruz' 
...thanks to 
Just saw my boys 
Huge thank you to 
extremely proud of everything this mans has achieved, glad to call him one of my best friends and also one of my biggest inspirations musically 
SO COOL! 
The Apollo audience did all the heavy lifting on Thats What I
Some seriously sweet announcements last week.... next year is shaping up pretty nicely! BRING IT ON! 
take $2 off any food item tonight til 11pm. pro tip: get the honey butter hot chicken sandwich 
Returning tomorrow & Sat Sheffield's street food heaven 
Who else would pay to see 
These girls aren’t messing about 
Off to see my first full 
Can't wait for this! 
Yes 
Tonight! Tune in to 
Our sixpack giftpacks are now available at STACH Food corner stores! Time for some tastings 
Saw 
Meghan Markle has already become a global trendsetter. 
So excited to confirm I’ll be running the first-ever 
“An hour long accordion hip-hop playlist” 
Cure that Mondayitis with our NEW Dunk'd protein bites 
Big thanks to our friends at 
Having confirmed his place at The 
Specially designed Starter Sessions for new runners wanting to take part in The 
You're going to be amazing Barbara! 
NEW redken root fusion; temporary root concealer 
Well done, Olivia Grace. We think you are AWESOME 
OFF THE FRONT!!
!!! 
Re-watching 
 stand for globalism & want to shape the future, says a study by our friends at 
That 
Excited to be supplying 
Words can even describe how good this was. Ranjit really was on top form 
 just WON the Emmy for Directing for a Variety Special! 
Well done to all winners and finalists tonight at 
Yess 
'Anybody can do anything at any age.'

We couldn't agree more. 
14 straight Serie A defeats until now...

What a way to get your first point of the season!

Enjoy it Alberto Brignoli and Benevento 
Share your favourite joke to win a bottle of my finest… Must be Captain themed 
What a moment it was! 
New blog post... "The Central America I Never Knew"


Show us the rule book that says you have to have a roast on Sunday... If you want a burger, you have a burger 
Glad to hear they enjoyed their visit to watch the 
Find out more as we look forward to the 
The draw for the third round of the 
Olympic champion 
When the whole family is pumped for tonight’s extra-long show...
See you at 9pm on 
The finalists at this year's 
2017/2018 Season Tickets Are Now On Sale! 
Good win for the boys 
Get in 
Winning! 
SAFE TRAVELS: Wishing all our fans a very safe trip to 
The WINNER of America’s 
This week, we welcomed our 50th woman 
Quick access to your most recently created builds is here! 
 A day filled of inspiration & collaboration. Thanks to 
Numbers don't lie.
But wait! Don’t sleep on our ATL Knights 
We’ve received 20,270 ETH so far & reached 40.5% of the hard cap. 
This American Life, in every room of your house. 
We’re incredibly thankful for you, Knight Nation 
 sure, please do. 
Honored to be a part of this 
Downright lucky to have 
The video from our March meetup at 
The accessibility error scanner we use at GitHub for dev and production is now open-source! 
Massive 3 points today to go 9 points clear at the top of the league!
"When I lost a match I broke down in frustration. Today players lose, take a selfie and put it on the Internet. They make me sick."

- AC Milan's new head coach Gennaro Gattuso. 
“I became HUGELY successful - yes HUGELY successful,” in her 20s, says 
We want everything! 
Those sticky buns! 
When the captivating 
@john_randazzo_photography What a spectacular color display from Stony Brook!! 
Want to join us at the VMAs?! 
When you get home for the weekend and your Black Friday order is waiting for you! 
Talk about positive affirmations! This lil girl got skills! 
Relax this 
Congrats Grayson P on your fabulous tenacity after months of practicing you are now a Keyboarding Speed Demon!!! 
Great 
Thursday - Sunday, 12noon - 6pm, the £12 lunch deal is ON! 
Opening Night of 
Heading to Hampshire today to check out a venue.

In other news, 
It has been over a month and I'm still not over it! Still thinking about it. Still need to watch it again. Kind of speechless. 
For the beauty mavens: score a free 3-pc. gift set with your Versace Bright Crystal Absolu large spray purchase during Cyber Week 
Well done Taoist Ching Chung Primary for your 1st place on this week’s World Leaderboard! And congrats to all our top performers! 
The Leederboard is looking great this week! Congrats to the top 10 schools, led by Fung Kai Primary. Great work! 
The World Leaderboard this week: 3 UK schools in the top 5, led by Taoist Ching Chung Primary in 1st place, great work everyone!
Congrats to Taoist Ching Chung Primary for their 1st place on this week's 
Renaissance now operates in over 60 countries! 
When you thought they'd never ask! 
You can't beet a Belcher Thanksgiving. 
In love with 
One more reason to look forward to 2018! 
We've been nominated for Best Small Festival and Best Family Festival at 
Just won Kahoot 
I'm often asked to share the 
We’re live on the 
Very nice! 
Yotpo is the Startup of the Week in 
He's a teaching assistant by day... but his evenings are dedicated to 
The return of the 
Congrats Dunboyne 
We're looking forward to it! 
Thrilled to set the 100 mi World Record & best the men's and women 100 mi trail FKTs at 
Committed to the 
On a cold day like this, there's nothing nicer than a good cup of tea! So if you want herbal tea, green tea, black tea or even matcha tea, 
It's the time of year when catching up with friends and family is at the top of our list. So here's a handy blog post of places around Ireland, where you won't just get good food, you'll also get some delicious cider by yours truly 
Rounding off the week in style 
It's not just all about concerts up 
Running low on stock after the weekend? You'll find us in 
Near Navan this weekend? Looking to stock up with some of our cider? Good news... you'll find us in O'Briens Wine Beer Spirits on Kennedy Road 
Tag your weekend running buddy! Have fun on the trails this weekend! 
Fantastic to see our brilliant Ambassadors Brendan Gleeson & 
It was great! 
 INVINCIBLE BEN NEEDS PHYSICAL LIFE ON ALL FORMATS 
Tomorrow is Dublin 
When Cavan's best meets Longford's best 
We're thrilled to announce that to Sue Williams, 
Amazing chefs this year for 
Heading for a carb nap before the next meeting... thanks 
BEHOLD! 
You can visit several L.A. museums and gardens for *free* on these days in December
 Agreed!
 has arrived 
Thanks to Connor, Clare, Kelly-Marie and the team at Lynch's 
Fabulous felting from our Open Night. Great work! 
Thanks everyone 
Not long now for 
Day 2 of "Opening up to an era of social innovation" is starting now! 
Her second design. Also ordered 
A fantastic role for someone who cares about people as much as they care about tech. 
Proud of 
Catch me behind the decks at 
Well done to the husband 
Always good to see this fella. Rugny league legend Adrian Morley 
Black Friday!! My faves 
Be the best. 
Do it 
Head to our Instagram 
ADUNA LOVES: 
Need some dinner inspiration? This creamy moringa coconut lentil curry is packed full of flavour & nutrients - perfect for leftover lunches too! Get the recipe: 
Discover how 
Our co-founder 
Get ready to catch all the feels with 
Dream come true getting my first Scotland cap and to do it against England with that atmosphere & result 
OUT NOW: Most Rated 2018 
 was banging last night. Thanks to 
Why I love this sport. 
Mindhunter officially renewed for a second season by Netflix 
Pep at his best. 
Nice one Luke, thanks for coming
 The amazing 
Come for the sick 
Sick, thanks guys 
Color Green was just added to 
Tonight is the night! We can't wait to welcome Cults to Saturn 
Locked into 
Dreams come true, and i hope it will be soon as possible, family waits for u
The perfect combo 
This bangs 
We're down in Hertford tonight, free entry show! Followed by Manchester tomorrow. Let's do this 
'A band that you know that even if they were playing in a bloody shed to their Grans, they would perform as if they were playing the biggest show of their career.' OUTLYA - coming to a shed near you in 2018. Thanks, 
Next up on our 
YEAAAH BUD 
Any graffiti artists around Sheffield area who are available between now and next Tuesday the 12th?! Drop us your details below it so 
Today I will mostly be, goofing around on bikes! 
Bow down!! 
What a great night :) Huge thank you to Antrim Phoenix Gymnastics Club and the guys from T13 
Huge congratulations to our training facility Futuretech and 
 = iconic 
Huge congrats to former group member 
It feels good to do good 
Kendall Jenner and Willow Smith want everyone to 
We're extremely proud to announce that international bestselling author 
Major 
CashforKidsNI: THANK YOU! 
CashforKidsNI: EmJLyttle ParentingNI Well done everyone!! 
CashforKidsNI: altruisticjack ScoutsDown Well done!!! 
8 Hours left, 
Just cause we couldn't wait...Black Friday came early this year, 
The fabulous 
Should you share social media messages more than once? 3 reasons why we say *yes* 
The Simple Guide to Monetizing Instagram. Great one by 
 was just the beginning of great things to come for 
 was fantastic! Had a great time, thanks for all the questions from the audience and to those who came out 
Great turn out at 
In a few hours 
SUNDAY!

Is Singapore on your 2018 travel bucket list? It should be, if only to experience the World's largest rooftop infinity pool at the 
Shout-out to the real 
pdxlan day 3 
Salmon or tuna?  Why not both!
⠀
That's the beauty of 
On-the-go...and fully fueled! 
New post up on the 
The weekend is one nitro cold brew away. Here we go, world! We're almost there 
A snow day started the right way 
Our men's basketball team is also undefeated at 7-0! 
Have you checked out the new 
That winning feeling. 
Hands up for 
INDY! We’re having a 4-day special offer to over 20 upcoming shows! 
ON SALE NOW — 
Congratulations to our artists 
# YAY, Check Out the Official Video of 
What an amazing group of humans! Our future is so incredibly bright 
We're auctioning two 
SENATE PASSES THE TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT 51-49 
Excited for our future collaboration with 
In action! MOVEMENT FESTIVAL TURIN. 
Playing this 
Amsterdam we are ready! 
Happy Sunday!! 
Super excited to have fellow 
Merch pop up today at 
Detroit! EASTGOODS pop up at 
New merch up now! 
I'm in Detroit at 
Congrats on an AMAZING season 
Welcome December 
Bootie perfection, provided by the cutout 'Carly' 
 Tonight's 
"I trust my boss, I trust his boss, I trust these guys behind me, and I love you guys..Let's see what we can do." 
Why's the offense clicking?? 


Tomorrow looks delicious... doors at 6:30 am! 
2 with the most votes get added to our Spotify playlist 
How’s this for a defence! 
And of course, a big congratulations to 
Just…wow! 
The turf got destroyed during Ohio State-Wisconsin and a hero emerged 
Nothing is coincidence 
Get ready for the weekend 
Get Ready for the weekend 
Who moves you? 
Shining a new light on denim innovation — inspired by 
Welcome to The Future of Denim 
Conquer your fears & limitations - never hesitate! 
So obsessed with this! 
This girl is definitely 
WWD SQUAD GOALS! 
Those barefoot, sundress, 100 degree 
Foreigner, Captain America, Frozen, and you 
402 YARDS?! YAS GIRL YAS! 
When you can't stop smiling because you know your outfit on fleek 
Pre sale is 12/8!
In store 1/12 

It's a tiny little London! We loved bringing all the elements to life together with 
Count us in 
Great photos, Amanda! 
Tuesday Friendly Reminder... Giving back is always in style 
Happy birthday to Chad Kroeger of 
"You give me purpose everyday, you give me purpose in every way" 

I love being a part of great teams. Honored to join 
Weeeeee!! Thanks so much 
"If you're a boss, you've got work to do." On diversity, talent and retention 
I love this city & Eagles Nation! 
$10 million dollars for 
Shoutout to all of the Hangout artists nominated for Grammys! 
It's finally FRIDAY!!!!!!! 
Just booked my 
Don't forget to read our post-show press release! Once again - thanks to everyone who attended. Don't forget to register for your FREE ticket for the May show at 
Lads the talent in Dingle for 
What. A. Voice 
Happy almost Friday. 
We have our winners! Trucks on the Map won EUR50.000 and 
Kimberly is telling us about raspberry pis at 
Hardware for flashing LED. 
CHICAGO TONIGHT @ THE MID!!

With the last two shows in Chicago, I feel like we haven't been able to fully translate the 
my favorite pop song of 2017 
this is article is 
Thought I didn't make it before closing, only to realize 
"We're all supposed to be different. I want so badly to encourage everyone to say, 'Who am I?' and 'How do I wanna live my life?'" Ellen DeGeneres on the power of living your authentic life 
Love seeing MAKER 
Great first day 
Excited to mentor my Aspiring APs 
Last night’s careers event was a hoot! 
Don’t forget to sing up to our next event on managing your career! We’ll cover salaries, asking for raises, and CV reviews! 
 HUGE THANKS to our ally/instructor 
APD PROUD: 
So proud of CCRPI gains from JacksonDouglassTeam!                   Fain 8.7%, Scott 6.4%, Whitefoord 7.1% 
When your Cluster(Douglass) wins Principal and AP of the year!
Family and friends, please pray for my family...baby girl keeps getting sick. 
Retweet if you are ready for the 
That was AMAZEBALLS. 
Expanding Unwanted Software policy to cover Android apps that collect personal user data without consent: 
 keep it up man, love your craft 
This song is a bop 
I spoke to Josh Homme from 
Release the tension....the weekend is upon us! 
Spice up your NYE party with 
GRIFFINS WIN!! 
Throwback Unis 
This nude lip combo though  
 Hope you get home soon but glad you’re enjoying the soundtrack
Our crew is ready to go! 
What a year!

Rashaad Penny becomes the first player in 
Our BMX Racing track, located in Vicente López, it is really close to be finished. 
Do you want to leave your mark on the Olympic history? 
 you go to bed after earning the first NCAA Tournament win in PROGRAM HISTORY and know you get to keep playing....
God is good... 
All the glory goes to God 
When even the wildlife loves the fall weather 
HISTORIC! 
Credit to 
 Award nominees announced! Celebrating incredible makers. Winners revealed tomorrow! 
Jack J & DJ Deece on in the 
No better way to start the day than with a REAL breakfast of 5 for $5.95! 
Super lovely words of encouragement 
Post-run raffle prizes! 
2/3 Run starts at 12pm from The Bernard Shaw & after we'll attend the BeerBQ brunch with a nice discount for MRC runners! 
I absolutely LOVE this!!! Doing my damnedest to educate, agitate and advocate! See you at Athena! 
Ohhhhh yes! 
Reserves coach 
We are absolutely delighted to have secured the contract for the LED sports lighting on the latest 
Excellent to catch up with many of our friends and clients at 
Just one week until Joe Montemurro's first match in charge! 
We'll be keeping a close eye on the 
It doesn’t count how big you are or how experienced you are, if you have passion and desire you have 
We’ll get in one last batch of cinny scrolls 
This couple are so endearing & down to earth
Go Sullyyyyyy!!!! 
Old school 
Let's re-live that last game of the season, shall we? 
Change is good. 
Hey! Hey! Nashville 
Very excited to announce we’ll be supporting 
Lavender. Full vid in emmaportner 's bio. 
Watch it. 
Wigan's Ryan Colclough scored two, subbed off 55 minutes, and sprinted down the tunnel to make the birth of his son...

Still in full kit! 
 Come and join in the discussion with 
The only way is up 
We're half way there! 20 days down, & 20 days left to 
Thoroughly deserved amigos, first of many! 
Autumn jogs through Regent’s Park 
Mood: Rossini 
You can see all of Gareth's photos now online here: 
Good to see 
15 years since we were BLESSED with 
Thanks for your kind words last week, Paul! You've been a brilliant support to the academy and it's students 
 I got it home! After traversing the underground, crazy drunk-fuelled passenger 
You're welcome! 
saw 
Hello Azerbaijan 
Excited to be at the Scott Polar Institute and British Antarctic Survey in Cambridge this afternoon with 
At 5pm we'll be joined by 
That makes two of us! 
Such an incredible accomplishment, 
Happy Thursday! Time to show off your Kappas and other emotes with the Chat Box and keep your viewers engaged! 
Tickets to Insomnia62 - the UK's BIGGEST gaming festival are now available! 
The Main Menu Masquerade is going strong tonight and not over yet! 
ZDOL advances! Once we get back to this bracket, Barion will be up against Chuffles and Tomato against ZDol! 
Don't forget to post using 
Props to our team Sandstorm Prodigy for winning today's 
We continue to show all our developments in the 
We're glad it helped 
Purchase a €50 Voucher for €35 and you can enjoy a great meal at any of our locations! Click here to purchase! 
Results from a Speedtest taken while at sea? Sounds like 
 opening credits for Monday’s show already sorted 
Looove this coat from 
Maggies Leap available on draught, at the Square Ball, Dublin 
Today’s brew! 
New conditioning tanks being installed today 
Welcome home Bumper 
LAST CHANCE TO APPLY for free desk space, mentoring & all-you-can-eat popcorn. Head to 
Our 11 festivals are enhancing education, communities, delivering live events & new artworks all year! We're boosting the cultural economy 
These planets look so good I want to move to one 
One more week to the 
Visit the Hamish Wood foyer as part of 
Look out 
Take it from the man - John Jenkins plays live at Studio2 tonight! Doors at 7 
Woop woop! Saturday is upon us. Come along and see us for some fab cocktails! 
Got friends and loved ones who run their own businesses?
Give them the gift of business growth this festive season with our FREE Your Marketing Live Advent Calendar! 
Meet our Radiography students 
Nothing beats getting your music played on the radio 
Mark Gable from The Choirboys! This is paradise 
? You can build and nurture your own talent pool 
Ta-da! Almost as magic as Santa, the holiday bomber practically gifts itself 
Racing toward the end of the week like... 
Today we’re launching Twitter premium APIs to kick off the next era of innovation for Twitter developers. 
In case you were wondering, RT Ponting has still got it... 
 So excited for 
MATCHDAY! 
 Welcome back 
When you hear that tune, you know what time it is! 
A city will unite behind these two warriors on Feb 24th! 
We're 4 DAYS away from 
Your Cage Warriors Champions 
You got your wish 
Deck the halls 
Good rounds this morning with 
Shoutout to our hard-working cheer squad! Thanks for all you do, especially during the 
Cleveland - It's Friday and we have a FREE show tonight at Lou's Tavern in Little Italy! Come through! Doors are 8pm! 
Living in a house on Laguna beach is amazing
Camp Randall... let's jump. 
The vibe at 
When you find the perfect Secret Santa 
Happy 'it's-nearly-Friday-day'! 
I always loving playing with my Superhero DJ brothers. Its all about the love of music 
Party season is upon us and we've got the tunes covered 
 I can't wait to share the visuals
YAAAAAAY!

It gives me untold joy to announce that my show "NOT A ROLE MODEL" has finally found a home!

It will be available next month EXCLUSIVELY on brand new social media platform VERO 
 I reinstalled Twitter just to know how are you doing here, massive support all the way from Egypt 
Superb strikes, late drama and wild celebrations 
Gassed for 
 can you believe it it's just a few hours left till 
A huge THANK YOU 
Nominated for Performer: Alhaji Fofana, Millie Innes, Phil Fletcher and Savannah Baker 
Huge congratulations to all of tonight's winners, what an amazing year of children's TV! 
Fresh pasta making with Collinsbrough College. The students really exceeded my expectations and their own. 
Genuinely my favourite photo from tonight. Young people having fun, celebrating with invited guests and 
Felt good to be back playing some footy. Another big week with the boys 
All the best to my 
Just extended my contract 
More space 
Who has 
That feeling when you’re the only 
PIZZA KLAXON - it's Double Up Day! 
Get any individual 1/4m pizza delivered and your second is just £2 
Just one more sleep! 
It's here!! 
Another Rothosen to make a return from injury 
Finally time to make some new  flavours
MY STORY ABOUT GAR(B)AGE BANDS & IMMOLATION IS JOYLAND NYC'S MOST READ OF 2017! 
"Nobody can be you the way YOU can be you. It is your distinct, competitive advantage." 
Did you know that 
It’s BRUNCHTIME here in 
Selfie from the place I've called home for 38 years 
Peachy, sour and tang with a clean finish. 
TOSS THAT PAPER! 


Exciting news! Starting in 2018, admission to 
CONGRATULATIONS on your 
The Toronto 
On our weekend agenda: a little self-care and a *lot* of relaxing thanks to 
 IS TRENDING YASSS THAT'S WHAT I'M TALKING ABOUT!!!! 
Super impressed with ranked so far. Just for the simple fact you play people at your MMR a CoD first 
Ranked Play tomorrow 
It's never too early for a drunk seaweed! Thanks for having us guys, it was great to see all that talent 
Samuel might be 
To everybody that helped us collect almost 400 items at 
Sharon Van Etten speaking out at the main stage right now! 
The Collegiate Dota 2 season is almost here! Upcoming changes are sure to keep it exciting! 
It's week 8 and the FINAL week for the first half of Collegiate 
We are LIVE and so is 7.07 
Going into the final 12 with a 12p lead, 85-73. 
YAS! 
It’s the most wonderful night of the year! Watch 
Hands up who’s getting their Mum a BCU onsie for Christmas 
If we want to change the future for the better, we need a positive beginner's mindset to constantly question, experiment and co-create. Next read: "Abundance" by 
  Thank you 
We have set aside £180,000 of funding for youth organisations helping young people across Oxford in 2018/19. 
Had fun teaching a Year 7 Geography lesson 
Awesome to see that 2017 is record year for VC funding in 
Here are the 
Almost 27,000 of you have now signed the petition to stop changes to the way women's refuges are funded - THANK YOU! 
Wow!! What a night 
THIS WEEK AT 
The LEGENDARY 
We're live! Head to our 
It's the weekenddddd 
wohoo 
GIVE THANKS // thankful for our tribe and all of you every day 
I was lucky enough to hear 
Love seeing these 
Thanks for the support 
congrats to the supadope 
ayyyo 
Us when 'Off My Feet' by 
Almost 4mins?! Wow!
That's no mean feat. 
Meet my new WCA 
regrann from @ok3nwa  -  Awesome! Awesome!! Awesome!!! 
Thank you to MMC 
Very excited for 
Traffic Wardens are the real MVPs!
Massive love to 
And here he is in 
Great to see such a unique scene getting a national profile 
Catch me 
This is the last one for me on this magical island of Ibiza! See you  
I am playing 
We are taking over 
Welcome Let There Be House Head Honcho Glen Horsborough on Vamos ! 
No plugins. This is a real deal!
ams_neve 

Starting off the weekend right with 
It's that time of the year again getting ready for 
Participants learning about the Rental Housing Tribunal at the weekly Advice Assembly.

Advice assemblies happen every Tuesday at Cissie Gool House in Woodstock. It is open to everyone 
On my way to you Toronto 
 That'd be fantastic!!
STARTS TONIGHT 
Only a week to go until Panto time at Millennium Forum Theatre & Conference Centre 
The new programme for January to April in the Millennium Forum has been released 
 
Full house last time @ Tullamore! 
Big congrats 
Who's coming to hang out with us and 
Ready to do this all again in 2018?! 
Four months ago today!! 
Such a perfect day! 
 has completed is 
You’re welcome! And I promise I won’t judge you if you break your promise! 
I work in Glasgow Women’s Library (
How you feel when you're only $500 away from your goal 
Preparing for tonight 
Feels good to be home
Great night with my friends
Our 1st XI have been nominated and are in the running for sports team of the year 
See you soon 
It's gameday! 
So well deserved and grateful one of my daughters got the privilege to be coached by John before he retired! 
 with St Josephs RC Bradford Y1 & Y2. They are giving nature a home already but have some great ideas to do even more. Woop 
It’s official we’re open 
Tomorrow (Sunday) from 12pm we’re hosting @storiesbehindthings instore 
It's here - our new Fairtrade and organic collection has arrived 
That winning feeling... 
"Drama at the Ricoh!"

An incredible end to an incredible game of rugby. 
One of the best semi-finals in 
Some fantastic news this morning! Looking forward to the 17/18 season already! Well done 
Just in time 
Congrats to both Olivia Colman and Natalie Dormer on their nominations for Best Actress In a Play for the 
Ensure your lash look is always on point with 
"Eyelashes are protagonists in every occasion...However, it will not be Santa Claus the hero you should turn to for a top result: better confide in 
Yeahhh we're brewing big lady composer plans! 
Double Trouble 
Juice Heaven 
Special thanks to the awesome One Dance UK Dance Ambassadors! You were brilliant this weekend! 
 Thank you for our photoooo today, credit to the amazing 
Ever wonder who hustles behind the scenes to get your Sports 
“Heaven come, fill this place, from glory to glory and grace to grace...” - 
Fantastic thought provoking panel w/ 
Woohoo! The 
Breakout Manchester -> completed it mate
Good to be apart of the first stage of the Euro qualifiers
Honoured to be selected for 
Love that bro
We hope fall sticks around a little longer because these views are 
The G.O.A.T 
I've woken up from my Twitter hibernation just in time as today is 
BLOODY BABES! Be the stars that you are and get behind our 
Special thanks to 
Are you ready for next month's 
Christmas season officially here 
 3 WEEKS TO GO! 
Who else is excited about The Nutcracker opening on Friday? 
Were excited
 It’s Heart’s 
You are very welcome, Avery! Happy Saturday, my friend! 
THANKS to all the models involved 
Thanks for having me ! 
All my Hambro ladies, all my Hambro ladies, all my Hambro ladies, now put your hands up 
The audience broke out in applause for 
Ooh - love a good rebrand. Especially such a well thought out, well executed one with an inbuilt social purpose. 
I’m always excited to find an excellent business is female founded - and never surprised.
Love these guys 
A Spurs-studded cast 
Inspiring talk at 
We're bringing the best museum professional development to the District - join us this February for a special DC Audience Engagement Boot Camp 
 Geko And Cadet Link Up For ‘Southside’
This morning we read that Uber is likely to run for another month while they appeal 
 Amidst a gathering of inspiring young civic leaders brought together by the formidable 
Thank you so much for your support during the World Cup, whether you've been cheering us on in Australia or back home. We love you all! 
James Graham gave it absolutely everything at 
Our lads can be proud of what they have done 
Congratulations Amul,Anshul & entire team 
Caitlin Moran puts the game beyond doubt 
Another incredible crowd at Adelaide Oval 
Struggling for Motivation?

Just watch this Paralysed coach take a dive! Incredible! 
Exciting times. 
We are making our final touches on 
Looks like 
Weekend baking 
Did you 
COME ON CITY!! 
Many women were raised to hold other women in contempt, who have the audacity to take paths they themselves desire but are too afraid to take.
.
.

Magic
Mystery
Mutants


Preach 
Do small things with great love... 
When your song comes on. 
Who's got that 
We're looking forward to it! 
Inspired by 
Thanks to the 
Lucky us! Mr. Di Lucca has an ECMO patient on Darwin - our dream team are back together 
In a few days, Brisbane’s Sciencentre will close its doors for renovations reopening bigger and better in 2018. 
RiFF RAFF "iT'S FRiCKiN FRiDAY" EPiSODE 21 iS LiVE FOR YOUR ViEWiNG PLEASURE 
We're bringing the best museum professional development to the District - join us this February for a special DC Audience Engagement Boot Camp 
Experimenters funding other experimenters 
Did you get to contribute to our Memory Wall? 
Better hang on for this one! 
 let's smash some shandies tonight bro!
We had the best time at Who We Be last night. 
'Home Love' is out everywhere now! Follow the link to hear it 
Can't wait for this... first announcement for 2018 
Big up to a couple of the guys I've supported over the past couple months being on this! 
Sick, thanks guys 
So I just saw that 
Hella eager to get the ball rolling again

DJ's holla and fellow followers RT please 
We're heading up high! Happy birthday 
My guy 
Darling 
Yooooo! 
A night to be remembered 
 is here, don't miss this once-a-year steal! 
Good times at 
There he is! 
Ultimately very limited edition of my obsession 

shoutout to my friend 
Fantastic 
We're celebrating the amazing work of our MSWs and a special mention should go to Natalie Coombes who received Highly Commended in the iCARE Excellence Award  “Natalie adapts the care she provides to the needs of the individual" 
Congrats Zee
Great image of a rainbow over the John Smith's Stadium this afternoon 
Glorious Mint Hot Chocolate 
There’s a lot to love about our Festive Winter Salad, but it’s all about the Wensleydale and caramelised pecans 
Too much of our planet’s wildlife is poised on the edge of extinction 
We're one of the most geo-tagged places in 
Night one of 
Who else would pay to see 
Great performance by 
 Check out the closed-captioning and sign language translation of the 
"You give me purpose everyday, you give me purpose in every way" 

Having confirmed his place at The 
 I was watching the 
Good luck to all those receiving A-Level results today 
"Ava DuVernay 
Get those moves ready! It's 
What a trooper! 
This time tomorrow = Action Woman Awards 2017 
ICYMI: Buveur D’Air now has 4 Grade One wins after winning the Fighting Fifth Hurdle 
Wow !!!! BEER GOGGLES - the underdog gets up! 
What a start to day two!

Stuart Broad traps Peter Handscomb LBW with the third ball of the day 
Lords week... 
It’s a whole new experience for Pandora on 
2017/2018 Season Tickets Are Now On Sale! 
What a night at 
Big ups to 
@daisywintersthefilm is coming to Los Angeles from Dec 1st. Check out the new ad in the 
Winning! 
That was lovely - a massive achievement for all 
What a day we had at the 
Nothing is coincidence 
Get ready for the weekend 
TEAM ANNOUNCEMENT: We are back in 2018 with a new line-up and sponsors. Read more about what we’ll be getting up to next season 
Come on!! 
Team News | Your 
Get Ready for the weekend 
Super chuffed to be heading into uni for an exam and 16 hours of lectures to catch up on 
Who moves you? 
Shining a new light on denim innovation — inspired by 
Welcome to The Future of Denim 
Conquer your fears & limitations - never hesitate! 
Talk about positive affirmations! This lil girl got skills! 
Payday promo 
SAVE THE DATE! We're having a birthday party! Yes yes, we've been alive for a year. Come celebrate with us on Saturday 9th December at the brewery, noon-11pm. Wood fired pizza, all our beers on tap, records played by pals 
Punter/QB/LB/TE...

Our guy 
Just Check out our current Gin Line-up! Some new specials to try! 


Just one of our favourite spots at 
Those 
DEEP OBSESSION 
 It’s Heart’s 
God is good... 
Happy birthday to my best pal 
We are already planning our runs for next year! 
The Erasmus+ successor programme should promote volunteering and its impact on local communities and young people 
Hands up if you want a pair of these? 
, President of the 
We're thrilled you had a brilliant time 
Bloody fantastic 
Absolutely fantastic to see this happen 
Always good to see this fella. Rugny league legend Adrian Morley 
Who's got the 
And the fam shows up again... you guys are so Awesome... 
Hands up who’s getting their Mum a BCU onsie for Christmas 
Blessings always 
A huge congrats to singer & songwriter 
Counting Stars hit 2 billion views today on 
Only 24 hours until the 
We are giving away an exclusive 
MASSIVE CONGRATS 
Congratulations to our artists 
Where would we be without the very first 
Shout out to all the small businesses out there on 
Yotpo is the Startup of the Week in 
Bout to watch the big bro 
  Celebrating 
All your 
Best of luck at 
That makes two of us! 
Thanks to our marshals have a good and safe race!  
Hurry Up Guys!! Grab the last chance!! 
Loving the enthusiasm! Keep the love and support for 
Demos are about to start for 
How do you make an Egg Farmers Rocks & Rings presented by 
Great read. We’re so proud of our Skipper  - “Changing a narrative doesn’t happen with silence” 
Mad respect though for you replying to your critics and not running from them! 
It's almost time… Our 2017 
Attagirl 
It’s almost here 
ITS GREY CUP SUNDAY!!! 
Last game of the season! 
We've filled our piggy bank for United Way 
What a moment for the 2017 
This is fantastic. 
There's no lap times, just 
Never gotta forget the good things no matter what happen 
So excited to confirm I’ll be running the first-ever 
 to summer when we came across this live action from Conseu.eu 
What a comeback! 
you guys are amazing! flawless translation of a beat em up to Mobile, game design and controls are delicious, so intuitive, cheers for being so sensitive on the development! 
In celebration of 50 years, we're hearing from people who have helped bring the Octagon to life. Here is the first of our five "50 faces of the Octagon" blogs 
 We need your help! 
The awesome 
Happy release day 
 Tonight!! 
Loving @whoistomfox in our gymwear 
Need plans for today? Make like @whoistomfox and find the best events near you on REVL. Tweet 
2017. What a year 
You guys... our launch party is less than 24 hours away 
Two new articles are up on the 
 is easier than ever if you use 
Thanks for featuring our new live track - I Wanna See, I Wanna Know in this <3 u da best. 
 in 2011 we had 
So good to see 
Incredible to see so many 
It's Women Who Rock for 
 Finally did it :)
The first wave of acts playing Boardmasters 2018 has arrived including your first Main Stage headliner, 
Yesterday's first wave announcement saw us reveal legendary dance duo 
We have set aside £180,000 of funding for youth organisations helping young people across Oxford in 2018/19. 
Last nights 
NYC this Friday alongside 
DC3 FAN FOR LIFE! No matter where these ladies R they ALWAYS bring it! Shout 2 
...and the KICK IS GOOD
TweetBeam looking pretty cool on these combined screens! 
“It seems some men like a revolution only when it’s their kind of war” this piece by 
Loved it over here too 
 absolutely in love with my new @kate_malone_ceramics piece! I keep popping to the kitchen to take another look 
Hands up which members would like a full bag of polystyrene chips 
365 days of ground-breaking arts and culture 
Here we go again! Super excited about our next academy - this time it's on gaming. Applications now open, please share 
Our 11 festivals are enhancing education, communities, delivering live events & new artworks all year! We're boosting the cultural economy 
These planets look so good I want to move to one 
One more week to the 
Thanks for the Beetroot Lattes 
 I have just received confirmation of my NMC registration and PIN... I'm now officially a Registerd Mental Health Nurse!!! *gulp* 
Just put this absolute beast on from 
Sonoma at home! We've been waiting for this moment all our lives! 
And me Da Steve 
Awesome work guys!
The shortlist for the 
 Chocolate Tea 
 Prepare for a pure BOP, 'cause 
Playing the boy 
This year's Winter Market at our York shop is well underway!!! 
We’re crazy for Saturdays and can’t wait to see you all in store!!! If you’re into comics and games then look no further. We’ve got a stunning selection 
Very well played in that signature round Jon, wanting to try that jacket potato and cauliflower dish... 
10 days to go till 
Words to live by 
RT if you're feeling FABULOUS this Friday! 
Torshi at 
Amazing night at 
Beth and Callum were at 
Over 200k plays on Acid Howl /w 
Welcome to the crew 
Prolink by mixfader ! 
Missing 
Closing 
Tonight don't miss our GAIN 15th Anniversary event 
We're 1-2-Steppin' into this Friday like 
Raise your hand if 
See you tonight! 
Class to see 
When you drop a guitar pick and actually find it... 
.
.
.


Super Sunday with 
2018 is coming closer and what better way to warm up for the new year than with some fresh Trance! 25 extended mixes from the likes of 
The soaring riffs and lush pads are sure to set hands in the air! Grab your copy of the new 
Enjoy the new 
Who picked up a copy of 
We are so proud of our shortlisted authors! 
Time for 
The remix of RIFF which David Tort and I made is finally out! (Official video will come tomorrow! 
Thanks so much Minsk and Liverpool! Had a fantastic weekend!! Already can't wait till upcoming saturday! Will play as 
These are amazing 
To celebrate the release of 'Riff', both 
Only three more nights of sleep until 
TONIGHT: 
Hallelujah it’s the end of the week 
Super Tedz returns with yet another AMAZING video. I know he’s my long lost twin. I can feel it in my tail!! 
I’m so excited for 
 It's going to be GREAT!!
Cheers to heroes 
That's amazing Luke, well done. Very inspiring 
Who is excited to see 
Spotted! Shiny new date labels to help reduce 
Great prizes up for grabs 
Waterfall landing directly onto a beach... only in Homunga Bay 
Good start to the weekend 
HAPPY FRIDAY 
It’s a BEST EVER World Cup result of 5th for GB’s 
Happy Wednesday morning UK!! Only a few days til I'm home 
Life is a gift & offers us the privilege, opportunity & responsibility to give something back by becoming more 
Feeling some serious 
and thank you to 
High praise from the new girls 
This is HUGE! 
Relax this 
Back in Miami for round 3 of FADER x 
Spring is right around the corner... 
Friday vibes in 
What a day. O-H! 
This week in the 
USC senior captain 
That feeling when you're about to go on a road trip with your big sister 
Our handle has changed! We are now 
 standing up for the right issues not just playing party lines 
Matching begins NOW!
Post 
That Sweet Sixteen feeling
A seven-year-old lobbied for our local paper to run the comic strip Phoebe and Her Unicorn. The paper thought that was a great idea. And now the strip makes its debut, and the kid interviews creator 
Shawarma inspired Caesar 
What an intense night. Holy. Huge thanks to 
"We'll start 2018 in a really positive way." 
Teams Solve Problems Faster When They’re More Cognitively Diverse 
Add more women to your teams to boost the collective intelligence of your company! 
Super excited about our new vid out today 
Huge shoutout 
 Network on Wednesday 8th Nov 12noon 
Modeling 
Crazy for these concealers! 
We have four new roles in our fundraising team 
Had so much fun at 
First night of tour 
 this interview of magical 
RP from amazing brilliant 
This is amazing!!! 
 Giving Thanks for the sport of running, and the people you meet along the way.  We’ll be… 
Archi-layered goodness in the 
Thanks to all at 
My first run in 3 months 
We're a resource page.! 
Snort-laughing on the train at 
Thanks Paddy 
Craig Overton you beauty!!!

His first wicket in Test cricket is Steve Smith 
Want the next step in 
We are delighted to announce that Crowdfund Plymouth has now raised £1m for projects in the City 
Chillin' and lazing in the sun all day…
Hands up if a rock hyrax is your spirit animal 
The 2017 Year-End Top 10 in the 
We're putting together our next brochure at the moment and it'll be out in January! It'll feature all events we have coming up at the Hive until April 2018. 
Stage is set for Finals day at the 
Getting in among the 
 A 50th appearance to remember 
Nearly 2 weeks in with our crowdfund & 75% of our target raised. 
Happy Monday Caz 
Congratulations to Max Emanuel Cencic, George Petrou and 
  VIBES ARE HIGH 
Presenting some of the hottest new music coming out of Manchester right now... 
Last night’s careers event was a hoot! 
Learn how to build a DNSimple Ruby addon with Hanami 
Thanks for being part of 
So great meeting many amazing people at GDG DevFest at 
It's great to be back home after a very long day of GDG DevFest London event management & giving a talk on customer acquisition. Thank you for spending this Saturday with us, learning about Google technologies 
Automate everything, so you can focus on your code 
Workflow lives on: iPhone X support, drag and drop on iPad, and lots more fixes in the latest update. 
grateful Cohort 4 participant here 
Wooo - the 
Tonight from 9pm, 
RT if you're as excited as we are to see 
Yesss big up my dudes 
it's been a good run 
Check it ouut!! 
We're going camping, everyone! Passes for 
 goes on sale tomorrow at 12pm PT! Purchased your 
More lighting & lasers being installed for Saturday's party. You are in for a treat 
For the first time ever – camping Under the Electric Sky! 
 smashing it over at 
Just got word from YouTube, our iPhone X video broke the single day HDR streaming record. 
Another outstanding pitch from 
A wonderful 20th Birthday celebration of books in London at Institut Français 
So looking forward to presenting at this event RT: 
TOMORROW we will land in 
A busy day here for the Keystone team today, as we put the final plans in place for 
A HUGE Thank you to Marketing Trust 
SENATE PASSES THE TAX CUTS AND JOBS ACT 51-49 
Two primarily Spanish Tracks are on the Top ten of Billboards Hot 100 chart... soak that in 
When you get home late and actually take the time to take your makeup off 
S/O the amazing Ep 5 cast. (ALL TAGGED) 
YESSSS! Congrats 
Nick flying up for a rebound against Harvard! 
Mezze for the people 
The man, the myth, the 
16 Solid Tracks + 1 Intro 
We've got a $9 burger special (house AND veggie) for you this Carolina Panthers GAME DAY! See you in Southend for dinner, drinks or dinner AND drinks, 
Thanks for recommending our GROUND CONTROL Organic Body Oil 
Treat your hair during Winter months with our in-salon Série Expert Powermix treatment. 
Get creative with our 
Achieve a high-shine finish with Smartbond 
Get stronger, softer, shinier hair with Smartbond 
The most decorated 
Excited to begin speaking about our forthcoming volume on "
Thank you Tony. 

Yesss fit forever man 
 hands up 
's groove at 94 last night was too lit. 
Like us, 
Happy birthday to the best man we know, 
Today's launch in Rio de Janeiro marks the 100th 
After 3 years at Drayton Court they sadly can't accommodate us any more. Good news is that classes will continue 
Huge congratulations to all of tonight's winners, what an amazing year of children's TV! 
Happy birthday to one of our ALL TIME idols, 
Don't forget to read our post-show press release! Once again - thanks to everyone who attended. Don't forget to register for your FREE ticket for the May show at 
Best of luck to the 22 boroughs that have submitted bids to be named the first ever 
Delighted to chat to 
When Irvine rock Jingle Bells 
 Thanks 
YAS 
"Make your mind completely blank and have someone ask you what do you want. Whatever you shout out first is your truth." Denise Jones 
It did! Loved your honesty and humour. Thank you for the laughs and lessons 
Amazingly honest and humorous conversation with 
Did you know that? Get to know us via 
One year ago today! 
Tonight on the 
Just 1 hour to go! 
We have had some amazing repealers join us on this 
Monday mornings in Skibb 
MMC's State of AI report is out. Our takes on the applications, implications and dynamics (long read) 
A win today would have been magical. But 2nd isnt too bad either. I'll take it 
Congrats to our friends 
It was great! 
In Linda's talk today she used the 
IRISH RADIO:thank you for all the spins of our new single 'Out Of My Hands'.Special shout out 2 
When Cavan's best meets Longford's best 
I'm sooo happy to announce I will be supporting my buddy 
DAY 2! 
Class snaps from last nights gig. 
Michele from 
Empowering the international career women of tomorrow 
History is alive and personal! Listening to 
True:) have a great weekend amigo, ciao!
A big hands up to everyone that road their bikes to the festival. 
Guangzhou, China! See you tomorrow, can’t wait to party with you guys!
Thanks for the good times on a Sunday morning 
 is on the airwaves...
Preview is go! 
Put Em High for 
Hands up if you're ready for the 
Celebrating my birthday! 
Yes! Trabanca with JUNIOR is number 1 in Beatport's bigroom chart! 
'Trabanca' is going strong! Have you heard it yet? 
Did you hear? Pete, the CoderDojo Foundations Community Lead for EMEA is a new ambassador of 
Coming next Friday!
"Moving trust from a system of hierarchy to a system of protocol...this model of trust is gradually seeping into the consciousness of the world.. this about more than currency, it will shake the world  2 its foundations." - Andreas Antonopoulis on 
Get to our 
Read. This. Thread. 
Toronto -- and my VIP ticket already came in the mail two days ago. 
Thank you to all the fans who came out tonight to celebrated the first performance with us! 
Right on! Those gals were FAST in the tough mudder race 
Michael Vanthourenhout (
This December we've partnered up with our friends from 
Leave it to libraries! 
1 more sleep...
Get 20% off on any order! 
Math lovers, rejoice! 
 Thank you to the 
Detroit, Michigan is so fxcking awesome & special. Amazing beer, food, weed, and people. Thanks for packing out the floor tn yawl are the BESt 
Such an inspiration!! 
Honored to be a part of this 
You’re welcome! Loads more to come... 
To all of you who make music, who take the time to express yourselves creatively & share it with the world - You help make life awesome - Thank you 
 remix of Skrillex-right in. Is fuckn great 
Berdin was this close 
Hello! They were the brilliant 
 we salute you!
We agree - Every. Single. Time. 
Did someone say a 
Lovely chatting boys, game of the season so far! End to end to end. Roll on MOTD replays 
Forgot all these 
Feeling festive now after wonderful production of 
Me too, me too!!! Super excited for Friday!!!! Can not wait!! 
Pep at his best. 
Hear hear 
Overall Champion & 
All set for the 2017 Irish Showjumping Awards Gala 
We're really excited to announce that our second 
We're super excited to show our support for 
Out now! My typographic cover for 
An amazing write-up in @didgital_arts about the 
I As well as unlimited evening golf, our 
listen to this mad remix of disco tits by 
Only two days until the official 
Got any exciting plans for 2018? Now you do 
Festival days with the whole team! 
Was great to have you there 
The sun has set on Sundown 2017. What a weekend, thank you for coming! 
We had such a good day yesterday, got to Number 2 in ITunes songwriters chart 
JUSTIN TIMBERLAKE!!!! 
Hold the vision, trust the process. 
There is still time... 
NEW SESSION!! Awesome guitar work from 
Woke up way too early - 4am sitting in the dark listening to The Low End Theory... legitimately losing my sh*t all over again! 
First shower back at home after being on the road... running that sh*t til the hot water cylinder is dead and gone! 
Let's do this! Our radio show 
Gradient Sock blanks all labelled and ready for first dibs st 
Get thee down to thefibreworks that have a ginormous restock of 
Just a small mountain for twisting and labelling tonight before 
The mad rush to prep for 
For a limited time, enjoy all of the HANG FIVE pass benefits with individual daily wristbands when you purchase our bundle package before 12/24. 
HEATWEAVER Remixes are out now on 
Two days left 'til 
Former Confetti tutor Paul Allen has reached 90% of the 
We’re also grateful for the top venue and service 
I can already tell I'll be broke by 


The Big House. 

The Game.  


Coming soon! We chat to 
‘Before & After’ - the control room now sounds great thanks to some smart 
Blown away by the 
Very impressive performance from this 
Another cool shot from the 
Great shooting this documentary at 'The Cave' yesterday with 
We're proud to host the first gathering of the 
R E S P E C T 
Send us some pictures when you're done!  
Get in! 
Hum... this view!! 
No better place that those giants mountains to take off and fly 
 with St Josephs RC Bradford Y1 & Y2. They are giving nature a home already but have some great ideas to do even more. Woop 
Girl, SAME. 
A must-read from 
Break a leg, Shephali and other Urban Soils Symposium presenters! 
Make Plans for Bar Smith Tonight 
Rolling on Black Inc Eighty's - 
Here's some more amazing feedback from another of our awesome Inca Trail trekkers! So great to hear such positive comments about one of our most iconic challenges 
These sunsets have been unreal. 
 Stoked to say 
Just one of many awesome moments captured by Olga Aguilar of Sierra Kerr // Frontside Air 
Take your freestyle further with the Burton Snowboards Process Flying-V! 
Damn it feels so good to be back in the studio... 
TOTALLY stoked to have the great..a legend Fatima Robinson on 
A *big* 
We want to give a Big thank you to 
A company is only as great as the people who choose to dedicate their time, energy, and attention to building the best possible product. Thank you for choosing Help Scout and for helping us create a wonderful workplace 
Thanks for stopping by our Shop on your trip to Chicago, Carmen! 
Let’s go Broncos! 
Waking up to this view on a weekend morning never gets old. 
I feel honored to have been awarded the 
This is great- love 
SWIPE!! 
Just came across 
Listen again to Episode 108 where we dug through the 
Was good to have you over 
Had a blast at 
RT if you agree
In case you missed it, here you go 
Have you heard?! 
Truly the best!! We love you! Thanks for the love and support 
This is a really great show! The folx 
this is an awesome round-up of titles! 
In Boz we trust. 
FRIENDSHIP GOALS 
!!! 
Words of encouragement start any day off right. 


Very excited to be the Consumer Challenge winner for 
180-day journey complete 
New vid is LIVE! 
Come sing along to these "Cakeified" holiday carols with me & the HTCI gang on Saturday December 9th during Camp Cake: The Holiday REMIX! We'll be baking THREE delicious holiday treats together during a full day of live stream baking on Facebook! 
Great to see the Membership packs arriving 
Yeessss!!! 
Tickets for this weekend's first home game! 
Congrats again to our Board of Director, 
Our new Foam Conditioners melt into hair & quickly rinse away leaving behind oh-la-la locks that won't weigh you down 
"Football gives you a type of freedom that you do not need to carry a white stick nor ask for help"


On this date in 1973, 
Shoutout to our incredible panelists: 
The emoji masters: These creative 
SAVED!


It’s happening!!! 
Retweet If You Love GOD 
Congrats on an AMAZING season 
All class 
15 years later and still looking awesome 
Come celebrate the start of the season with us at Cityzens Saturday! 
Kat: For all the Plows working hard out there! 
 What You Want from 
Check out the brand new song from the 
Only right that 
Realist tweet of the day 
Great to see the respect between these two legends of the game 
 BetBull Banker is halfway there 


This looks sick 
If you spot me at the 
Jerez bound today 
 Since Gabriel Jesus last lost a club game...

W D W W W D W W W D D W W W W W D W W W W W W W W W W W W W W

Lucky charm!


Just wow 
What a brilliant turnout at the 
 Looking forward to it!
Nice kit 
So stoked that 
Tonight is the night! We can't wait to welcome Cults to Saturn 
YES our very own 
 is in 3rd place rounding around the eastern point of Brazil. But the 
The wait is almost over, 
We broke down every amazing moment from the Season 3 trailer for 
All I want for Christmas is... 
Of course we needed to include some sweets at 
Loved having you 

H E L L O   F R I D A Y

Re-watching 
We. Love. December. 
Damn it's good to see bands like 
Time for the 
24-7 Rock Star Shit is so damn good. IMO a return to form and surpassing all expectations 
FIRST SHOW OF TOUR W/ 
Awesomeeee 
Friday is gonna be madness as the 
Back at it in the usual haunt 
I don’t say enough how much 
Big tune 
 is here, don't miss this once-a-year steal! 
HISTORIC! 
FRIENDSHIP GOALS 
RT if you have joined 
For the beauty mavens: score a free 3-pc. gift set with your Versace Bright Crystal Absolu large spray purchase during Cyber Week 
When they say “demoted” does that mean he’s in the mailroom now? I believe in second chances, but for most of us that means going to the back of the line and earning our way back whenever we mess up. Do the same rules apply to him? If so, 
A huge thank you to 
Today's Prize...

A 16/17 Arsenal FC Home Shirt signed by MESUT OZIL! 
All new in 
 to this moment with 
What band / artist would you love to see make their Main Stage debut at 
Nothing is coincidence 
Get ready for the weekend 
To all the hardworking teams that we've backed; we know it takes all of you & it's a real privilege to partner w/ you 
 welcome back
Word 
STARTS TONIGHT 
Thanks to 
2017. What a year 
All The Reasons 
I see 
The stars are out tonight in Cork for the 
United in solidarity. Representatives of 15 squads across the 4 codes now signed up for the sleep out in Belfast. All support welcome 
Such an amazing offer 
Brilliant 
Greatest skill on the planet
If the only thing you’re dreaming of this Christmas is a moment of relaxation, look no further than these amazing festive food hacks, brought to you by 
All you need to make it through December  
That's a wrap! 
Join us in wishing 
When else can you do burnouts in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip? 
20 minutes until our final 2 for 1 sale of 2017 kicks off 
Our final 2 for 1 sale of 2017 is today at 4pm (GMT) 
Relive a bit of 
 "The world is messy. As creative people, we want to make sense of the chaos. We want to put our creative energy into making the world a better place." - 
 "Social media can never be held accountable until humans are held accountable" - 
21 conferences make up 
A real honour to be nominated amongst a list of incredible artists. Thanks 
We had the best time at Who We Be last night. 
Check 
Thank you to 
THIS is how much this competition means to 
Go on 
That was something special from the 
What a trooper! 
Ummmmm.... yeaasssss!!! We’ve been wanting to go since you know when 
If you love makeup try 
We love seeing stuff like this 
Why wait for the weekend when we have newly available mid-week reservations? After all, fantastic food should be part of every day 
What a day for Gordon Elliott at 
 the newcomer 
Thanks to the 
 Goals, corners, 
Thank you for voting for us & BIG congratulations to everyone in the 
 female pitch night was 
...and the KICK IS GOOD
 Introducing Time to Render - Reformed! 
Come join us fellow render artists and any other inquisitive minds 
Support your local Mom & Pop Skateshop. If your city still has one. 
Big road win for 
Paulina Chaidez has been named to the 
Freshman phenom 
Just started A Charm and a Curse and can already tell it is going to blow me away 
Introducing Share on Remind—a faster, easier way to share links to your favorite content, tools, and resources. 
WiLD Thoughts! Thank you San Jose you were amazing! 
Full house tonight @ WeWork Place Ville Marie. 
 Check out the closed-captioning and sign language translation of the 
This week in the 
"In the beginning, there was me, I was rhythm."
Phrenology by 
IGN gave Agents of S.H.I.E.L.D. an 8/10 "GREAT" rating for "Orientation" Parts 1& 2. 
USC senior captain 
Samuel might be 
We broke down every amazing moment from the Season 3 trailer for 
Let‘s have a little break...2 offdays, then we‘re back on the road 
Our European Blossom-Tour will start next week 
What a start to campaign!!! 
That’s a wrap on this run! Thanks so much to 
Playing the boy 
BTS ARMY! Top Social Artist winners 
Yes!! 
Tomorrow!! 
We're so excited! 
Mister double-backflip-with-a-snowmobile @mxbodeen visited the 
We've got a little treat for you to celebrate the weekend! 
Song Of The Day: "Parachute" by 
Back in Miami for round 3 of FADER x 
# YAY, Check Out the Official Video of 
Enjoy fellas! 
Yaaasss! 
Touring with 
We've got the brilliant new video from the fantastic 
Shout out to the Hawk for being a true supporter this year x 
Some lovely words in 
Joining my homie 
What an amazing analogy to a great band. 
That was so painless 
 It's going to be GREAT!!
- loved all the 
The shortlist for the 
Just Check out our current Gin Line-up! Some new specials to try! 


Got friends and loved ones who run their own businesses?
Give them the gift of business growth this festive season with our FREE Your Marketing Live Advent Calendar! 
Épisode 5 « Le Classico » with Dorian Thiery dodge002 is now online on youtube! 
 Put your baggy trousers on and dance! 
WE'VE WON!! 
Looking good 
Its been a chilly weekend for most of us! Kudos to all the 
It’s a whole new experience for Pandora on 
Some start this 
Age Of Empires IV has just been announced for PC! What a game 
After years of trying he finally got it - a 
What a finish - 
Feels good to be home
Great night with my friends
This is crazy!!! Almost 1 million subscribers!! WTH! Wow 
Having confirmed his place at The 
Specially designed Starter Sessions for new runners wanting to take part in The 
You're going to be amazing Barbara! 
How great is it to see this man back out on the pitch this evening 
What a moment! Goosebumps watching this again.

When Great Britain won the Davis Cup for the first time since 1936 
First to pitch? 
We're looking forward to it too Conor! 
 Sleep well, Wanderers fans! 
Happy 1st of December! Who's got that 
Who's ready for DJ Marky & Friends this Saturday?
This pioneering technique could help us fight cancer by multiplying our own white blood cells. Truly incredible. 
There's nothing quite like going home. Especially when your home is in beautiful Alaska. 
Maybe my fav mixtape I ever did. Would love to hear your thoughts 
So excited for this 
that was pretty special 
listen to this mad remix of disco tits by 
Payday promo 
Winter Olympics 2018 run up: GB win medals in bobsleigh, curling and freestyle skiing! 
Love the food in our café - served all day and includes our 
Here we go 
WHAT A GAME THIS IS! 
Always plenty to see here in 
Another 10/10 beef rib from 
What a night for 
Great to see members 
Go timebanking! We love it when our members get together and share their skills and knowledge. Timebanking benefits us all and makes us all stronger 
We're even on the escalators! 
Rehearsal day 2. Such a dream team. 
Lines learnt. Inner child released. Let's get crackin' Bring on rehearsals! 
Offering performance and quality at unbeatable value, the Octane Q35x is the ultimate total body workout elliptical! Get an extra 10% off this weekend in our Black Friday sale! 
NOW 10% OFF ORDERS OVER £500 FOR TODAY ONLY!! 
as expected, 
Great night tonight at the 
 what an absolute pleasure listening to your tunes last night Bernie. 
 campaign 
Nice one Luke, thanks for coming
Don't forget to get your hands on one of our Limited Edition Bobby Moore Cards before they sell out! All proceeds go to 
Tonight's 
Activity Zone committee tonight in the Students' Union from 6-7pm 
The greatest Christmas tree ever 
Here's 
Hands up everyone looking for a early fistmas present!
Not our words. The words of the mighty wordsmith himself 
Toast, Avo, Jerky 
Thank you to the incredible 
A great first win against Samoa for 
That feeling when you score your first 
Hands up if you have got a clean sheet in the bag today 
What a stat 
Sharp! 
  The 'Wolfpack' kept five clean sheets in this year's Scottish Cup winning run
What a win yesterday! 
History made! We're in the quarter-finals of the 
Next up... a Sunday double header! 
Want some free football coaching tonight?


 MY RED HAIR 
'A band that you know that even if they were playing in a bloody shed to their Grans, they would perform as if they were playing the biggest show of their career.' OUTLYA - coming to a shed near you in 2018. Thanks, 
Thanks to everyone who purchased our merch! Winners of the fan event were notified this afternoon via email. We're looking forward to meeting you all! 
And in the women's competition in the 
No forgetting this guy! What an heroic effort it has been from 
Does that background look familiar?! 
That goal 
Heads Up Blues! We've got 50% (And more!) on our 
Our kind of stocking stuffers 
More beers and better prices. Order your favorites right on the Drizly app. 
LandShark Lager - what lazy Sunday afternoons were made for. 
Already for selling today
We have had some amazing repealers join us on this 
Yeyyy!! Our books have arrived!!
I'm gifting this to my mum for Christmas, best book I read this year 
We are voting for 
We’re voting for 
At the launch of Club Brunch at 
Felt proud to have 2 of my 
Lunch time 
 from 
Rooney’s 3rd goal! 
This is how we 
How lovely to see chef Lizzie’s recipes in today’s Scotsman 
Our new winter menu launches tonight 
You rocked it! 
Really excited to be hosting the 
Calling all Secondary teachers: we’re on the lookout for our 2018 Campaign Champion students! Interested? Apply! 
Great that 
We’re celebrating our support for 
First session today is the amazing 
"Durham creates a bubble where the student body is monolithic, reflecting that of its most privileged students. Consequently, the privileged move seamlessly from one echo chamber to the next, never having their world view truly challenged." 
Scouting the number one slot 
The forecast looks good so far, dry and above freezing!! Good luck to everyone sleeping out tonight to raise funds & awareness for Nightsafe, your support is very welcome 
When you see the Wonder-ful 
Massive 3 points today to go 9 points clear at the top of the league!
Party season is upon us and we've got the tunes covered 
Wooo!! After a couple of iffy weeks, 
Numbers don't lie.
 is coming home 
 just took to the next level 
There's a private party taking over our restaurant tonight, sorry for the inconvenience! Come back tomorrow! 
Tonight we celebrated my 
Joining us Friday 8th DEC 8.30pm 
Raise your hand if your 
So proud to be a part of First Drafts 
"Meet the LA producers handpicked by Kanye for 'The Life Of Pablo'" - great piece on 
All your 
I'm making the nicest looking sitemap today. Thanks 
2000 lights shining bright 
Another hugely well-deserved accolade for 
This is EPIC 
I absolutely LOVE this!!! Doing my damnedest to educate, agitate and advocate! See you at Athena! 
We're hiring! Join our Comms Team as a Graphic Design Assistant! 
Check out some unique merch at the DIY Christmas Market! 
It's DECEMBER which means it's officially Christmas party season! We're so excited to welcome everyone who's joining us this December to 'The Golden Era' 
We have scoured the web and compiled the top picks to have you looking fabulous for your ‘The Golden Era’ Christmas Party at The Round Room this festive season
We are beyond excited for the 
WE DID SAY 
We blooming love 
Time to digest an incredible couple of days 
So in a week of big announcements, delighted to say I’m filling the massive shoes of 
We have a hamper 
Main Stage favourites 
Get in the mood for the weekend with 
 Tonight!! 
V e r y  chill vibes from 
Last chance weekend for 
We are now SOLD OUT of general tickets! 
Writing with the lovely and amazing 
Here's some more amazing feedback from another of our awesome Inca Trail trekkers! So great to hear such positive comments about one of our most iconic challenges 
The Louis Vuitton Speedy 30 is iconic, practical, and hard-wearing! 
The Chanel Classic Flap is a true legend in the handbag world 
The first wave of acts playing Boardmasters 2018 has arrived including your first Main Stage headliner, 
On behalf of the 
...Starting with a massive thanks to our fantastic partners at 
Buzzing for tonight's 
Ep. V of the 
IT'S TIME FOR MANCHESTER! See you all later for 
 Prepare for a pure BOP, 'cause 
This is the incredible kind of support/resource we love to see at work for our nation's 5.5M military caregivers! Keep it coming 
You’re welcome! Loads more to come... 
50 points past the wallabies... Scotland brilliant today! 
What lovely news to wake up to 
For the first time in our history, we're in the 
 Make sure to RT and FOLLOW us for your chance to win 2 tickets to see 
Fantastic session on future learning, skills & assessment with 
White 
Shoppers, your dreams just came true 
The Women's Collectives Transforming London's Entrepreneurship Scene 
 Eat right, Train Hard, Eat right, Repeat 
Anotha one 
Patrick Murray puts through a 30 yarder 
Wooohoooo. No surprise this. So so proud of you 
When these 2 legends come together, how can it be anything but awesome 
He came, he 'sau', he double 'sau' 
 i can't resist pressing like button while reading ur tweets
 absolutely amazing 
It's GAMEDAAAYYY! 
The flawless 
Great to see GCSE students from 
Perfect song for the moment now 
wow out of 7 we have 4 .Did we create history ??
Countdown to our Action Summit on Dec 6! Book a ticket at Eventbrite & get a complimentary ticket for a colleague! 
It’s the final weekend of 
Thanks to all who stopped by the workshop last night 
 Thank you for the memories! 

Chris Coleman - who guided Wales to the Euro 2016 semi-finals - leaves his job with Wales to take over at Sunderland.

More here: 
Are you a young woman under 30 in Glasgow with time free Wed & Thurs this week 9:30-16:30? We need you!! There's a space on the interview panel to choose our next Director. DM us 
When a massive cheer goes up from a group of women you have spent the last 10wks with when the word suffragette is mentioned on the 
Beautiful work by 
Cleo is nominated for 'Best Personal Finance App' and 'Best Newcomer' in the British Bank Awards!

You can vote for us below 
Looks like I’m going up in the world 
Delighted that 
Learning about neo4j with 
Just in time for 
We're so happy to have been a partner in coordinating National Clean Air Day, and we're thrilled that it won Communications Initiative of the Year at the National Air Quality Awards last night. We really are pushing the 
Thanks for the bike service and chat. Keep up the good work 
Congratulations, Kat! 
We've just added all the latest 
Today's the day! 
We can't wait!!! 
Wow the raffle prizes for the 
Ahh - you’re welcome! That velvet red ribbon is so striking! Such a great idea! Looking very festive you folks 
Very excited for 
The average weight gain over the Christmas period is 5 pounds, but with a little help from Scottish Slimmers that doesn't have to be the case! 
Hands up who's cooling off with some ice cream?! 
What a brilliant turnout at the 
A Spurs-studded cast 
Yeaaaah 
Did someone say turn up the heat?
SUNRISE! When you are in the mountains it is even more special. The darkness that you have been climbing through starts to evaporate and then the light hits you 
A very happy publication day to 
Did you know you can save dyslex.io to your home screen? Here's how to do it. Now, you can keep coming back whenever you have a question! 
Wow!! What a night 
THIS WEEK AT 
The LEGENDARY 
Splashing through the competition, Water Dodger is our next big toy! 
EARS to the best holiday gift ever! 
Are You Still With Me?! 
DEJA-VU debuted #1 on iTunes (Dance) & #5 in all Genres! 
I F*CKING LOVE YOU GUYS 
INDIA!!! Are you ready to jump?! 
1 hour left, are you ready?! 
Can't get enough of this one 
Ready to book? Search your dates + number of guests and you'll find the best deal out there 
Book the hotel direct + add flights via 
I loveeee 
Want our Travel Team to take the hassle out of planning Ibiza 2018? 
RT if you’re excited for 
Oh, just an exciting all-new episode of the 
Ibiza with a LEGEND 
We're going camping, everyone! Passes for 
 goes on sale tomorrow at 12pm PT! Purchased your 
Glad you had fun Tom 
 crew! It's Thursday and you know what that means, it's going off at 
1.000.000 Good Vibes 
This is the official video of our latest release “House Drop” by 
Get in the mood for House Drop coming Monday with this guestmix by 
Hey guys 
TUNE IN to hear the best music from around the globe including Don's VIP mix of TAKE HER PLACE! 
Driving is out TOMORROW 
Honored to be a part of this 
Beyond grateful to 
Look moma I made it! Type in 
Good Luck to the superhuman 
Instagram takeover! Show your 
Who immediately google'd Preachers on Demand after watching this? 
A legend since 2006. 
We got off to a fantastic start yesterday - remember to let us know what you’re doing to suport estranged students via 
This. 
These lovely folk will be performing in front of this lovely lot as part of our 
That's what we like to hear! 
Thanks so much Ali! 
 well done 
Even more reason to watch 
In the car tomorrow 
We're LIVE on TwitchTV for the 2017 
We're so pleased to have 
Thanks to all of you out for the hot hot heat of 
Forget dreading Monday & look forward to Friday - we've got 
He is worth it all. 
Sara knows where to find all of the colors 
Get on 
Our General Manager is featuring on 
Literally us right now! 
Less than 20 days left for your application for a visiting grant to one of our research infrastructures! Consult 
Realizing 2017 is finally almost over 
Safe travels team!! Melbourne to Tasmania: 
Big shout-out to 
This project marks 
GOAL!!!!! 
Spending division meeting learning about 
HUGE CONGRATS to 
BLOODY BABES! Be the stars that you are and get behind our 
ICYMI: Our 
The real 
Shoutout to our girl Hoops for showing 
Had a blast filling in facilitating  
Did you know... you can now sign up to be a monthly giver towards entrepreneurs around the world? 
Small businesses create 2 out of every 3 new jobs in the U.S. 
"We'll start 2018 in a really positive way." 
Get 20% off on any order! 
Math lovers, rejoice! 
Wait… is that interception #3!!! 
The best times with gr8 people!  
“You’re never too young or old to achieve great things.” 
We up in here!! 
Finally... 
Dream Team is an understatement! 
147 days until 
We're a resource page.! 
Thank you for the interview Carrie
Love getting to share my story, thank you 
4 weeks of 
Incredible run. From steady 17th to end in 9th tonight. GG!
Look forward to seeing you take the leaderboard next 
Your point tally after 3 weeks of incredible 
One of the coolest parties I've ever played is happening again this Saturday. Excited to be a part of it once again. Crash.
First to arrive in Canada.
Last men standing at 
A package has arrived from my friends .
I want to see this queen pop up every time I search Canadian gifs from here on out 
 fam! Big things are going down in Cleveland, Ohio today! 
This guy! It was so nice to finally meet you in person. YES SHE DID! 
I turn 25 next year, 
Holiday sale starts today! 20% off music and additional 50% off sale items 
The absolutely incredible 
'MAKE IT RIGHT' is my new EP with 
 wrote a little article about our upcoming ALL008 release by 
 dropping bombs again on 
Jump around! Mauritius tonight! Let’s jump together at L‘Embrasure du Morne . 
That honor. The one and only 
 love the new Howlin’ remix 
Looking forward to DJing at the next 
DJing at the 
Brutaz tonight in Warsaw 
I'm over the moon about the premiere of my new video for 'Like You Love Me'! Thank you so much 
Chris Lorenzo at Tank TONIGHT!!!
 absolute banger wouldn’t have expected anything else from you lads 
 - arguable the sickest live performer in the U.K.! 
 tomorrow night. Check the Facebook event page tomorrow for location of bus and venue. We can't wait for you to get here 
If there’s one thing you do tonight listen to this 
Yxng Bane is versatile, too consistent 
UP Festival announce Ricardo Villalobos for inaugural edition. 
So chuffed at the return of Raw M.T. 
Excellent news
Sneak peek. Photo-shoot for a Christmas feature coming up in ES Magazine... oh yeah 
We’re incredibly proud to be lauded as one of the top three International Consultancies of the Year by 
Getting figgy with it. Our fig & walnut baklava. Available for this month only.     Recipe by 
*LAST CHANCE* to book our 
Finally 
Looks great 
Available dance 
 in 2011 we had 
It's match day for the 
 charlie today di3 i feel da convo herh 
Russian AIA lovers! 
We've got some great stuff headed your way! Stay tuned for fresh, new content from AIA featuring AIA speaker, 
When you're over-worked, learn to rest, not quit. 
Wagyu Ragu 
Highlife papapaaa played by FRA! 
Crusade will be lit in December . I happy too much.
Welcome to beard gang baby bro 
Goooood morning 
Bonjour my G 
God does not give you what you cannot handle . Good morning earthlings ...
LET'S TAKE IT TO THE TOP NOW BRO. 
Hands up if you love a great deal? 
Birthday 
World Wonder 
My boy: It's OK my nigga. Our time is coming 
The 105th 
10 minutes of pure 
Just watched 'Icarus' on Netflix about Russia's doping conspiracy.. holy macaroni, can't believe these things happen in the world... By far the best documentary I've seen in forever 
Houston we have some extra tix for tnite 
This book has absolutely everything you need to know about the 
Come over to the store tonight! Free tastings and live music at 9. 
"Talk In Your Sleep!" 
Team at office. 
Sometimes you run into people who change your life for the better. Those people are called bartenders. 
How would you like to win tickets to the 
Enter now! 
Our magazine team is searching for a Features Editor to join 
Delight for DC Thomson Media with 4 wins at the PPA Scottish Magazine Awards! 
Who loves a bake sale on a Friday? We do! 
Vote now! 
Retweet to win!! 
 taking over the 
Oh yes! A delicious IPA from 
Another fantastic win for the 
Off to a great start this morning at 
Delighted to be 
“The content was about connection. It wasn’t about production value.” Samir Chaudry + Colin Rosenblum suit up with Paul Rabil to tell the story of how TLN was born 
Jay Butterfield to 
So close. We're so proud of our volleyball team for another incredible season! 
We have Sam Lowes with us on Facebook Live at 4pm 
 Overtakes - 
The best evening for my Grandad’s 80th, in his local working men’s, playing bingo with ‘bookies’ pens, eating pork pie & cake, & seat dancing with some crazy jive arm movements led by my Grandad! 
Last 5 
I don't think we're ready for this telly... Beyotí 
2% magic. How cool is this unorthodox approach to a job ad? I find creative effort, in general, absolutely amazing. 

Good going, 
 Hands up if you always keep  Batiste at your bed-side!
It’s was amazing to learn about all the immersive technology that 
Everyday. Everyone 
Honored to have been awarded a finalist in the Product Category! 
Happy birthday to my best pal 
What a day on Saturday for the 
┆Yay, we've been selected as a 
Our 2nd winner will be annonced in the next hour. there is still time to enter.... 
Soft lad 
Happy World Fisheries Day! Cheers to all our researchers and partners working together for sustainable fisheries 
Yotpo is the Startup of the Week in 
Preeti Vasudevan: Stories by Hand opens tonight 
LIVE VIEW IS EVERYTHING! 
We're big fans of this idea by our friends at 
We're proud to have built a couple hundred of these beauties... 
Not been a bad few months in the 
Sharing my October Favorites ON THE BLOG today! 
Advanced screening for the 
May can't come soon enough. 
Once again obsessed with this song, on loop.  If there's a song that can put u in a better mood, I haven't heard it 
LCD Soundsystem tonight 
Couldn't be happier to see any song/act pop off bigger in 2017 than 
We Swaggin in the Top Fifteh aaayyyyyyy 
I still can't believe the 
RT if you’re loving these flashbacks 
Just downloaded 
Interested in our smart air quality tracker? Grab Flow at the best price now. 
Words can even describe how good this was. Ranjit really was on top form 
 have new merch! £10 + p&p. Just DM us 
Guys you should all be making your own presets! Save yourself some freaking time 
Our next show is going to be awesome
Our next show is going to be a big one! A full pop punk show at 
Come to our next show at 
THANKS to all the models involved 
Thanks for the good times on a Sunday morning 
Last week we had the pleasure of shooting some 
Portfolio of the moment 
Smerz 
A fantastic role for someone who cares about people as much as they care about tech. 
Invest & build movements not moments. Mission driven, social change before sellout. Of place. Integrity core to 
One of them parcel is mine. Only trusting the best with my shirts 
 Tom almost won brawl on points"draw" but won overall.MVP 
SO MUCH FUN hosting a Christmas market for businesses supported by us at Virgin HQ last night. Check out our story of the evening here and meet the awesome entrepreneurs behind 
Only a few hours left to shop our all-natural, cruelty-free potions at 15% off! Promo code: BLACKFRIDAY15 
Ready to see 
We're in the run for an 
Nice work!! 
Who’s tried our new...
West London burrata, beetroot, pickles & walnut...
One of our British classics... Gin & tonic served with strawberries, mint and cracked black pepper 
Who's looking forward to Rockingham? 
One proud Dad in Llandudno last month 
Glorious Mint Hot Chocolate 
There’s a lot to love about our Festive Winter Salad, but it’s all about the Wensleydale and caramelised pecans 
Cheers to heroes 
Nothing like a last minute goal... From your keeper 
We blooming love 
There could only be One Last Song before the winners are announced and it was sang beautifully by 
Safe to say 
YESS 
Hear 
Thanks so much, Alina! Your support is massively appreciated by all of us at 
It was EPIC 
That was so painless 
Honoured to have 
Trying to stay fit... I needed that run today. I feel good. 
@cmt_ii now it's time to be fly with it. 
Look who showed up to 
The third voyage of 
Big tune 
YASSSS! 
The legend that is 
That’s one amazing 
Playing the boy 
NEW TOUR DATES!!! 
The weather is getting warmer...Summer is just around the corner 
Major props to 
Great to have 
 so proud of 
Reasons to love 
Keepin' that "school holiday" feelin 
Matching PJ's with dogs?! Yes!! 
Learn from the 
Did you hear?! John and Anthony are coming to 
GOD will break you to position you, break you to promote you and break you to put you on your right place but when HE breaks you, HE doesn't hurt you, HE doesn't destroy you, HE does it with Grace!!!!! 
So I just saw that 
Wake up and smell the fresh air. 
Skiing 
Nothing is coincidence 
Get ready for the weekend 
We're glad you enjoyed it! Keep piggybacking and you'll be #1 next time 
dood 
Get Ready for the weekend 
Who moves you? 
Shining a new light on denim innovation — inspired by 
Welcome to The Future of Denim 
Conquer your fears & limitations - never hesitate! 
Cant wait 
Mark your calendar for next Tuesday 
just copped.
thank you to all my fans 
I wanna live my life on gta mode 
Check Out The List Of 2018 Concert Tours You'll Want To Get Tickets To ASAP 
Had ZERO time this past weekend to bump that new 
Shoutout to our friends 
See you guys Friday! 
Want to experience the Blinkist app's content? Check out a full book-in-blinks here for free 
Freedom! 
Tonight from 9pm, 
 Put your hands up for the McPick 2 for $5 lineup!! 
 RT 
And, handily, the full video is now live 
Spread the word! 
Raise the bat 
 the newcomer 
Thanks to the 
Lords week... 
In case you missed it, here you go 
Spread the love 
Fab to see 2 of our Donegal Clients on the National Airwaves this morning! 
Main Stage favourites 
Get in the mood for the weekend with 
 to this moment with 
The stars are out tonight in Cork for the 
When you forget you ordered stuff online - surprise to me from me
Happy 'it's-nearly-Friday-day'! 
*BREAKING*

Our brand new podcast series 
Omg it's happening!!! 
When you find the perfect Secret Santa 
Got personal with a Burmese Python at work. As you can see, I took it like a man 

Cheers to the guys from  
Did you miss The Tale of Mr. Tumble today?

You can catch it on 
Good start to the weekend 
Back on 
HAPPY FRIDAY 
Good news for those of you who have asked...

CBeebies The Tale of Mr. Tumble is repeated tomorrow at 9:30am 
Not only does she have a stunning voice, shes gas craic too!!  Yes we'll have 
Sad that that's it for the year! Thanks so much 
Fab start to 
This is what we like to hear 
"School-based health services are a win for all of us — parents, teachers, the community, and ESPECIALLY the children who need these services but may never receive the help they deserve."

Amen to that! 
What a day we had at the 
Here we go again! Super excited about our next academy - this time it's on gaming. Applications now open, please share 
Iya rainbow is here!  
O strong!! # it’s Allowed !! Confirm jam
over welcome dey worry you boss!!!
A selfie wit yu  no go bad,,,till I catch you 1day at JIGGY'S LOL
You made my November Super! 
GREATNESS 
Numbers don't lie.
 great night of sparring offence and defence.
Followed by sharp padwork and fitness work
Well done to 
Always good to see this fella. Rugny league legend Adrian Morley 
Hold the vision, trust the process. 
And the fam shows up again... you guys are so Awesome... 
Thank you for making these 
Finally 
You go blow.. 
 Now showing
BTS ARMY! Top Social Artist winners 
 charlie today di3 i feel da convo herh 
There's been some great things happening over the past few weeks that have shown just how involved the University gets with projects around the city! 
It may be the end of our Open Days for 2017 (BOO!), but there's still a chance to come out check out campus before Christmas with our Drop-In event next week! 
So rad!  
Realizing 2017 is finally almost over 
It was incredible to perform at home in London after so long. Thanks to everyone who was with us at Hammersmith Apollo on Saturday! 
This tweet is the truth 
Yotpo is the Startup of the Week in 
"These are the 25 best inventions of 2017"
The humble basket, simple and practical, eco friendly and sustainable with seemingly endless shapes and designs 
LIVE VIEW IS EVERYTHING! 
We're big fans of this idea by our friends at 
We're proud to have built a couple hundred of these beauties... 
Don't miss Hockey Night in 
Deloitte Digital= CloudCraze 2017 Global Partner of the Year
YEAAAH BUD 
Thank you, Aniko! 
Zane 
BLACK FRIDAY IS HERE! 
 CHRISTMAS MATCH DAY!


 DAYS | Not long to go until we host 
Get down to Oaklands Park this Sunday! It's set to be a really fun day, finished off with an entertaining game with 
Wow. What a line-up we've had over the past few days! 
Got to the 
Wow a clean sheet for the very old old cat and through to the next round 
Feels strange leaving for a away game tonight later than I would leave for a home game against 
Wagyu Ragu 
Realist tweet of the day 
Genuinely my favourite photo from tonight. Young people having fun, celebrating with invited guests and 
Our MD, 
Sending a 
I’m so excited to watch 
All you need to make it through December  
That's a wrap! 
Check out some unique merch at the DIY Christmas Market! 
Whip up a batch of spiced parsnip strudels – perfect for 
Got to be in it to win it... Enter to 
This glam pomegranate + raspberry cheesecake by 
Buttermilk cinnamon pancakes with crispy bacon and LOADS of maple syrup? YES PLEASE 
Hands up who’s just found out they’re moving to Sussex this September! 
If you've been to Liverpool over the past 10 years, what has been your most exciting moment in our city? 
Thank you so much to 
Everyday. Everyone 
The little one has arrived 
6PM TONIGHT!! 
Loving our 
Take a step in the right direction and 
Push your career to the next level. 
Time for an adventure 
You can't beet a Belcher Thanksgiving. 
In love with 
“It seems some men like a revolution only when it’s their kind of war” this piece by 
 - we loved striking a pose 1 week ago with 
Dumpling heaven! 
This couple are so endearing & down to earth
Beatboxing with Lloyd Macey and Jack & Joel ahead of this week’s celebration of British icon George Michael
Check it out “Before You Go Go”
Catch me behind the decks at 
Gassed for 
Just shared a Twitter Live with 
 hi enjoy your weekend 
You’re welcome! Loads more to come... 
When else can you do burnouts in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip? 
We can't wait to play for the beautiful people of 
You rocked it! 
Really excited to be hosting the 
FairPlay to 
This nude lip combo though  
Our last Show & Tell of the year is coming up on Sunday, Nov 12th! Show the world what you've been working on! 
Bon Jovi’s been named a 
13 tries in a 
Thank you to Tom in the Hat - for donating in Tesco Birmingham today 
11,000+ Shazams 
Wooo!! After a couple of iffy weeks, 
 Put your feet up- it’s the weekend 
The Golden Gateway Award in India Gold section at 
Shout-out to Katie and the Camp America office team for their help so far! 
Thought you might like, 
So glad u like them. Had the chance 2 take so many 
Fun morning at the office 
We’re extending our Cyber Weekend Sale to Sun. Dec. 3! 
You’ve been asking and we listened! New Boots and Colored Straw Lids are now available on the site! 
Incase you missed it we are sampling today in 
All the glory goes to God 
Starting at 12PM tomorrow (8/29), we're giving out FREE VEGAN QUESO at our shop on E Cesar Chavez! Queso will be served until we run out 
Big S|O to Rogers and his team at East London Airport for the great service 
Holy passion. We love our fam! Best fans in da lands. 
"We hope he can play a big part for us now..."


Glad you enjoyed it! 
On my way 
Treat your hair during Winter months with our in-salon Série Expert Powermix treatment. 
Get creative with our 
Achieve a high-shine finish with Smartbond 
Get stronger, softer, shinier hair with Smartbond 
Fresh in from Barcelona from 
Love the food in our café - served all day and includes our 
There’s only one way to kick start your Friday  night. Who’s got an Orchard Pig in hand tonight? 
New in from 
Whoooo SPREAD THE WORD!! 
Hooray it's 
This is how excited we are for game day on Friday! KO is at 20:00 at Stirling County and we get to play on the big field 
Already for selling today
Congratulations! 
Started with a talk & ended with alternative finance solutions for hubs. The amazing duo that is 
Today is the day Foodinate goes LIVE in 
Look who's back. Our 
Have yourself a 
Only one week to go 
Welcome back to our Chicken, Lemon and Olive Tagine 
Supermum 
Japan, thanks for an amazing two weeks. Met lots of friends, ate great food and did plenty of record shopping. Look for lots of content posting soon! 
At 5pm we'll be joined by 
Hands up if you're getting married in 2018! 
Heroes! 
Big emphasis on systems, interconnectedness and cascading failures 
What a lovely, heartwarming interview 
One proud Dad in Llandudno last month 
Calling all heroes, villains and Super Zeros - Greg James & Chris Smith will be bringing 
Great stuff 
 Award nominees announced! Celebrating incredible makers. Winners revealed tomorrow! 
Fabiani had another busy weekend 
Corn, avo & feta omelette with a generous dose of 
Sand-boarding in Nicaragua down volcanic sand. That was EPIC 
 If the other two cost half as much as the Dandy man then it will be a good field of grass 
Congratulations EU Digital Girl of the year winners Zara Ilyas, Ruby Scott Kenny & Aoibheann Mangan 
Love the new song  
Well.... 
This is what it means to win the title! 
It was an incredible event! Thank you for inviting us to join forces and we look forward to continuing this partnership. 
Congrats Dunboyne 
We're off and running at 
Congratulations to all the winners of the 40th 
What could make 50% off mains even better? How about your first drink on us! If you want a piece of the action check out our app or our website! 
 was banging last night. Thanks to 
Best pals, right here. 
 has been added to 
Thanks to you! We love you! 
This Saturday we celebrate 15 Years of 
Tonight we welcome 
 now out on DVD and Blu Ray! 
Hey Martha, you took us to church and back 
Today's inspiration 
Tomorrow. From 2pm. Yasssss 
Noooo.. no chance in November.. plus if I remember rightly it was very itchy last year. Il be revealing what’s on the show soon though 
This season has been phenomenal 
 in 2011 we had 
WHAT A WONDERUL DAY!

Thank you 
 - “Now Global Check-in makes life even easier when checking in multiple jobs” -  
A big run from Mehdi Gani...places him 1st overall this series 
Molly’s life lessons 
Having confirmed his place at The 
Specially designed Starter Sessions for new runners wanting to take part in The 
You're going to be amazing Barbara! 
Last day complete 
Today is the International Day of Persons with Disabilities! 
“Without women, Europe would be incomplete.” Let’s start the 
, President of the 
Almost 27,000 of you have now signed the petition to stop changes to the way women's refuges are funded - THANK YOU! 
The IT-Security world is changing. How about you? Our growing team of researchers, engineers and malware analysts needs you! 
[UPDATE] Added an integration with Cortex: 
With 5 days to go till our 10th birthday, Katherine our Editorial Director has chosen Soul Survivor by Philip Yancey as her favourite Hodder Faith title. The author's name was almost out of our reach on the mural... 
Huge Props!!  
It’s okay I’ll always love you Brees
Fantasticly encouraging words, well timed for my post 
: It’s time for Shop for Success! Excited to be here with 
Watch our new video and see how 
Full house tonight @ WeWork Place Ville Marie. 
“I became HUGELY successful - yes HUGELY successful,” in her 20s, says 
 to Twitchcon, staying on a boat with friends, meeting a lot of amazing people, oh and having the confidence to wear this 
When they say “demoted” does that mean he’s in the mailroom now? I believe in second chances, but for most of us that means going to the back of the line and earning our way back whenever we mess up. Do the same rules apply to him? If so, 
No (All) Change here 
Good luck Will & West Ham today
We've got exciting roles going at our Bicester Village and Oxford locations! 
Let‘s have a little break...2 offdays, then we‘re back on the road 
Our European Blossom-Tour will start next week 
Picturesque write-up from our friend chef 
We’re all about spreading some Joy and Wonder. LIKE if you live life to the fullest, with our delicious Bubbly Oreo by your side 
Here we go. 
Share your favourite joke to win a bottle of my finest… Must be Captain themed 
Show us the rule book that says you have to have a roast on Sunday... If you want a burger, you have a burger 
Bristol! This is happening on Tuesday 
We love thinking of new places to put our farm-fresh wreaths, the wilder the better 
The important topic of tech for good infused with Blue Planet! Amazing 
How good was that?! 
This tweet goes out to all the indie 
#1 works like a charm — EVERY time. 
Great taste in jackets, this one 
Thank you to our guest speaker, Sarah Dunning OBE, for your inspiring speech today. We agree that commitment, belief in what’s around you and enterprise all help you to achieve 
Lovely talking to you, Adele. 
Will come check out the dinosaurs and pheasants - my tree needs them 
In California the chemicals lurking in our cleaning products will finally be brought to light. 
DON'T MISS: 
Thank you so much for coming along and showing us all of your tasty treats 
Truly loving 
Hello world! Master in Designing Emergent Futures 
If you struggle to use Pinterest with your 
Shout out to our friends 
 Massive thank to our partners who got involved with 
I As well as unlimited evening golf, our 
What a result today all round top performance from all the boys huge effort! Great away support 
We're even on the escalators! 
Pleasure! The more we can do to recognise the achievements of SLP & spread the importance of adult learning the better 
Project PICKLE takes off, with a new BFF high five 
The Cure 
BOOMMM! Such huge congratulations - testament to the energy, vision and tenacity of 
ALL about this!!! 
We are super excited to be working with the amazing folks 
We want to give a Big thank you to 
Best friend goals. 
When you love the prototype 
The 33 players who have earned a European Tour card after today 
 Holiday Staff Appreciation Event 
New starter 
We're giving 
RT for a chance to WIN 4x XCLSV Backstage Passes, 4x VIP Camping, 1x 4 berth Luxury Deluxe Yurt + more!! We are delighted to announce our Phase 3 
RT for a chance to win 2x Sunday VIP upgrades... Winner announced tomorrow!! 
Here's our Sunday lineup so far!! Tickets from only £56! 
 When we rocked 
"Daphne's new album stays true to who she is as an artist, the songs digging deep and highlighting her soulful voice." - 
This guy... 
Flashback to 
 | Mohamed Salah has been nominated for the Premier League Player of the Month award. 
Looking forward to this! 
Loving this day 
Salute the Visionary!! Great to see you 
We'll be holding a raffle at Quizmas & have some cracking prizes, inc 2 tickets for 
Let's start December with the hottest 
vue-test-utils  beta is released 
Well done, Kevin Steward - winner of Saturday’s £1k Super Draw 
A company is only as great as the people who choose to dedicate their time, energy, and attention to building the best possible product. Thank you for choosing Help Scout and for helping us create a wonderful workplace 
Check out our own 
The internal culture of a company is the secret to delivering amazing customer service. 
A diverse workforce promotes innovation and empathy, and so we're thrilled to be listed as one of the top 25 small/mid-size companies for women on 
We're thrilled that 
Thanks a lot for having me 
I'll be speaking about Advanced TypeScript at tomorrow's 
Nothing like clean, smooth, and soft hands! 
Full-time: West Brom 0-4 Chelsea! 

Goals from 
You can visit several L.A. museums and gardens for *free* on these days in December
Brill to be included in best fintech startups for 2017, thanks!! 
Introducing the Official Poster of the 2018 FIFA World Cup! 

Inspired by the legendary Lev Yashin 
What a second set! 
Fatboy Slim X Robyn S X Faithless 
14 straight Serie A defeats until now...

What a way to get your first point of the season!

Enjoy it Alberto Brignoli and Benevento 
Fantastic!! I am going to have one happy boy!! 
What an amazing day on the starfish course !!!! 
Also a cameo from yours truly 
SHOOK 002 !! 
Forgot all these 
Finally getting to watch 
You ROCK! Thank you 
Making London Sweat Since 2011 
The Work & Sweat Behind The Results! Another top effort from 
Big Session Today 
Big Match Prep 
We've got your Friday night covered with a THREE hour special from 
Love the mentality of our man 
FRIENDSHIP GOALS 
   *packs extra socks for work tomorrow
Viral Video: America's got talent finalist 
 female pitch night was 
We are making our final touches on 
Finally. Matchday! 
We have ours on and we see some of y'all do too! 
 - When you get to partner with the Burnett Family Foundation and donate 
Congratulations on taking the SAT! 
Do yourself a favour and purchase this incredible book. I purchased it yesterday and am struggling to put it down 
“Heaven come, fill this place, from glory to glory and grace to grace...” - 
The field goal is WIDE and 
Whoopie whoo fab 
Thank you to all of my supporters! China trip was successful 
2 with the most votes get added to our Spotify playlist 
Are you ready to go full LIVE ascension with us on tour next year? 
“Teen girls are a powerful force for good in the world” 
Yass can't wait for that fall weather! 
This is fantastic. 
In conversation with 
 so much to be thankful for. 
That winning feeling. 
What a day. O-H! 
Olaf on 
New video out via 
The hype is real! 
That’s our girl! Two awards in one week. 
I wasn’t super excited about audio recordings coming to 
Mark Gable from The Choirboys! This is paradise 
Linda Meech caps off an incredible season in the saddle with a double 
My friend's 
We are now officially partnered with 
Purple Army, here is your pick 2!  

Congratulations, Andrew Brayshaw 
Give it up 
 represent 
Matches my set up now 
We're LIVE on TwitchTV for the 2017 
TEAM ANNOUNCEMENT: We are back in 2018 with a new line-up and sponsors. Read more about what we’ll be getting up to next season 
Who immediately google'd Preachers on Demand after watching this? 
Very proud of this creation! 
I was told 16 but apparently we play at 19 instead 
Ready to ship out this collection of Eeveulution poros! 
Let's Goooooooooooooooooooooooo!!! 
We’re thankful for things that last, like strong friendships and our sturdy polywood rockers.  
Extremely proud of our 
We work, we take care. 
Rocking 
In 10 days the hottest game of the year is coming to console, only on Xbox One! 
Love how my new 
Great video - definitely worth a watch 
Introducing your brand new 
YES YES AND UR WELCOME! BIG UPS 
It may only be the start of the week but we're already hyped & looking ahead to Saturday at 
Yes! You'll see me there next week 
In the making 
Here are my dates for Bahamas guys 
Happy birthday me bad dancer, choreographer, videographer and editor! U got so much talent 
Someone said 
We’re thrilled to announce our first ever VFLW signing. 

Welcome to Tigerland, Natarsha Bamblett 
Canned cranberry sauce is supreme. No doubt. I passionately agree 
If you wanted a rematch, you got it! 
Raise your hand if 
See you tonight! 
DINGLE MASSIVE 
"When I lost a match I broke down in frustration. Today players lose, take a selfie and put it on the Internet. They make me sick."

- AC Milan's new head coach Gennaro Gattuso. 
 We're happy to announce that we've renewed our partnership as the Official Travel and Hospitality Provider of the 
LA!! See you at Belasco Theater on December 28th. Bring the energy and good vibes! 
If you could go and see any show right now, who would you want to see? 
Getting excited to see the boys of 
BOOM! 
Missed that track? Check out our live feed at 
Exciting news! Starting in 2018, admission to 
Lucky enough to welcome 
At the amazing 
 is out in theatres today! 
Mezze for the people 
BLOODY BABES! Be the stars that you are and get behind our 
Rooney’s 3rd goal! 
A very happy publication day to 
You KNOW we love a good, twisty 
Wooohoooo. No surprise this. So so proud of you 
When these 2 legends come together, how can it be anything but awesome 
He came, he 'sau', he double 'sau' 
"You give me purpose everyday, you give me purpose in every way" 

listen to this mad remix of disco tits by 
RT if you're as excited as we are to see 
...that first beer after work 
Hold the vision, trust the process. 
SO COOL! 
Look forward to walking the red carpet with this legend 
Are You Still With Me?! 
INDIA!!! Are you ready to jump?! 
1 hour left, are you ready?! 
   *packs extra socks for work tomorrow
Coming next Friday!
LITTLE MIX, THE VERONICAS, SAMANTHA JADE AND CYRUS! All of them are performing tonight! 
Some really REALLY epic performances are going down tonight!! 
WEEKEND! Go with the 'FLOW' by 
 is happy on a Saturday night! 
Goodnight, 
Freedom! 
Tonight from 9pm, 
Today was 
This Saturday at 
First career TD for 
Best friend goals. 
Happy almost Friday. 
This week in the 
I love 
I’m so excited to watch 
Congratulations to our 2018 
As usual, 
Words to live by. 
Agree 
On point !!!!! 
 WIN!!! 
Specially designed Starter Sessions for new runners wanting to take part in The 
We're looking forward to it! 
Genuinely my favourite photo from tonight. Young people having fun, celebrating with invited guests and 
 was banging last night. Thanks to 
Celtic display today at Hampden 

Retweet if you're a 
THANKS SO MUCH 
This time tomorrow = Action Woman Awards 2017 
What a start to day two!

Stuart Broad traps Peter Handscomb LBW with the third ball of the day 
Some lovely words in 
Very important work to be done here. Thanks for sharing, 
Amazing news!  Well done 
And it’s up 
First pack of the season 
Lost my car parking pass so had to put my negotiation skills to good use tonight- eventually got out of the car park 
We're ready and waiting for The 
Ready to bop into the 
We're one of the most geo-tagged places in 
Night one of 
Bristol music makers! 
 We're thrilled to accept the award and be named NSW Team of the Year! 
Imagine waking up to a 
Sand dunes for days 
When the bullies called, 
Congratulations to tonight's skipper and the 
Stuart Hogg's Coaching Chain | "NO HOGGY! GO HOGGY!" Coach #6 Sean Lineen was Stuart's coach as a professional at 
Game of thrones and Power, Mondays have became alot easier
Go Sullyyyyyy!!!! 
FIRST LOOK: Omg! 
LRT: if you want to see how important women’s sports (and the 
We made it to Orlando 
Well done Garin 
I've dreamt about something like this since I was a kid! 
Love it! 
Our ZURU annual team building was so much fun! 
Tonight we celebrated my 
So looking forward to this topic....the recipe for a holistic  
FIND ME.....for the cause! 
We want everything! 
So happy to have won Best Online Consumer Magazine at the 
To travel journos making a difference - 
Everyone is welcome 
2000 lights shining bright 
Got to check in Judge dredd today.....
HAPPY PHYSICAL TO ONE OF THE ILLEST, DOPEST, GREATEST ON THE BOARDS 
can't wait for this!!!
Safe to say 
Warehouse Mix by 
Give us a 
We caught a body with this one 
Tonight I'll be on 21.30 -23.30 @ 
OUT NOW: Most Rated 2018 
Me & the absolute don that is 
We'll give you another clue... they played on the Friday at Leeds! 
Oh please, we ain't got no P's
Because we spent all our money on some old CDs! 
All hail 
 launch tonight Suki10C - come out and support 
Explore the deeper sounds of house 
DMC champ 
Tracklist for ELEMENTS XII - listen now or download directly to your iPhone via the iTunes Store 
I’m going to be back in Dublin on Sat 25th November at 
Our first 
This is where you should be on Sunday!! Very proud of 
fall has finally arrived at sweetgreen –– check out your local menu below. and yes, brussels are back 
This is what I love most about the 
 is heading to 
 starts now! 
Glorious Mint Hot Chocolate 
There’s a lot to love about our Festive Winter Salad, but it’s all about the Wensleydale and caramelised pecans 
Thanks for the recommendation 
All about 
Bearly at 1 hour & 45 min of 
Over 200k plays on Acid Howl /w 
Why I love this sport. 
Remember this? We can't wait to do it all over again this Saturday with 
Armed with a monstrous amount of hardware for her debut at Egg LDN's Cell 200, 
Tonight we welcome, renowned German DJ/Producer 
We made it 
Nice one Luke, thanks for coming
in the bennningin there was Jack 
THAT LINE UP IS FUCKIN’ PERFECT! 
"Football gives you a type of freedom that you do not need to carry a white stick nor ask for help"


 Hands up who wants our 
Great support from 
 the newcomer 
Thanks to the 
See you on the dance floor! 
Who's got their 
2 DAYS TO GO! 
Hats off to Seth here 
'MAKE IT RIGHT' is my new EP with 
My remix for DJ Yeni will be out this Friday on her imprint Cyborgs in Love! 
It was an incredible experience to play for 
Palace is now playing on Lost In The Woods on 
HUGE shout-out to 
HERE WE GO! The one you've been waiting for... 
What do you get when you combine 
PREMIERE! After the wild success 'Tribesmen', 
If it's good enough for Coxy... 
We're delighted to have the uber-talented 
SOUTHAMPTON get down to The Loft TONITE to see us & the mighty 
 in 2011 we had 
All roads lead to 
Munich! Thank you! 
Munich was ...........
What a crowd!!! vielen dank!!! 
Main Stage favourites 
Get in the mood for the weekend with 
 to this moment with 
Move! Vogue! Be free! 
Had the best customer experience with 
Whoa 
We have the best fans 
You rock, 
Deck the halls 
A win today would have been magical. But 2nd isnt too bad either. I'll take it 
ugh Donny Hathaway!
Glad to see 
Miss tonight’s game? Check out the highlights here! Great atmosphere in 
Woohoo! 
Wort & yeast getting to know each other this good 
Check out how 
Finally the wait is over .Now we are able to add multiple projects in the same workspace 
Unofficial results...we have our first XC All-American in program history!! 
 is out on Fri. Saw it last week 
If you wanted a rematch, you got it! 
Keeping my 
Gassed for 
I bloody Love 
Just met Neil’s Dad, what a really great guy 
The legend that is 
Great crowd at the Audible Awards last night 
Happy 1st 
When you’re happy it’s Sunday 
Voting for the 2017 MTV Movie & TV Awards hosted by 
Thanks, Austin! 
Had the opportunity to visit a big Ionic user this week and learned a ton. It’s humbling seeing teams push the limits of the framework, beyond what we ever imagined 
Damn that Martial spin pass 
New ionicons v4 sneak peek! Update to iOS 11 styles 
Stunning! Another 
Can’t say I’ve anticipated releasing new tunes this much before 
High hopes for Ableton 10 
Looking forward to exhibiting at ad:tech London this week. Use our code INMOBI15 to get 15% off your ticket and be sure to come and visit InMobi at the event! 
It's finally here!


Free events? We've got 'em! 
Just won Kahoot 
Rare Pic of Two boys watching flim with Yomi
Go Tigers Go! 
@dannygs1998 That's what we love to hear!! Samsung Pay FTW 
After all the planning, designing & testing, i'm delighted to get my new GK brand up and running! Please could all my followers RT 
We're 1-2-Steppin' into this Friday like 
 how exciting that in 2 days time we'll get to see you & 
sick of 
 here 
had such a blast cooking last night 
 star 
double the goodness, double the fun here 
Olympian. World Cup winner. 10-time national champion. Good luck in your next adventure, 
After his huge bibbo at Birds of Prey, 
That winning feeling. 
YEAAAH BUD 
I just made my Price debut! Thank you Miami, that was so so cool. 
We took home Best Performance in Export at the Best Ottawa Business awards last night, courtesy of 
Exciting news! Starting in 2018, admission to 
These are amazing 
48 hours after 
Zane 
 u do everything bro 
"Tempo" for Hit 
It’s not every day you wake up to find your 
Did you know? The 
It's not everyday you have a legend like brewmaster 
This, from Frank Lampard! 
FULL-TIME: CHELSEA 1-0 SWANSEA! 
Take us back to 
A few more shows left for 2017...
 
Let us know where you want to see us in 2018! 
Tomorrow we at the after school is after cool LAST LEG 
S/o to 
My boy: It's OK my nigga. Our time is coming 
Listen guys 
Awareness on what and how do we go about the awareness? We need practical solutions Minta. I'm ready 4 it, are you? Thanks 4d inputs, 
The divine mandate 
THANK YOU KNOXVILLE! 
Some seriously sweet announcements last week.... next year is shaping up pretty nicely! BRING IT ON! 
Saw 
Honored to be a part of this 
We have the wonderful 
Since the kick-off of 
Round of applause for your marvellous team:


Saturday Game Day: 
From the bottom of our hearts, THANK YOU! Today, on 
Yes, you can actually make a WHOLE meal in five minutes 
Look what we saw on the way to work this morning! 
 See you in Jersey (in like, a year) 
I don’t say enough how much 
 Check out this brilliant interactive tool & see which 
We have a hamper 
We're having  special night w/ 
Arizona! See you next March at 
Ed your a genius 
Huge congratulations to Team 
When you see the postman carrying a 
Miss Donegal Lauren McDonagh emerged victorious to be crowned 
 #36 on the 
Get your contour on fleek 
Absolutely tearing the stage up tonight in 
Really looking forward to sharing the stage with 
Congrats to all the fabulous 
A morning feast like no other! 
Last week we had the pleasure of shooting some 
"I have lost 10lbs & I've gone down a dress size! Mentally, I feel stronger for having completed the course, and losing weight has helped to improve my body confidence." 
Loved Carol’s shout out to 
Our guy 
The accessibility error scanner we use at GitHub for dev and production is now open-source! 
Thank you for having us! 
Come celebrate the start of the season with us at Cityzens Saturday! 
Happy birthday big man hope your well! 
“let’s tear down these walls that people are trying to build up to separate us.” —
That's what we like to hear! 
Thanks so much Ali! 
Retweet if you are ready for the 
 WooHoo that is some good news 
Get in there boys! 
Waders sub Liam Brooks off.
Chris Read. Whenever 
14 straight Serie A defeats until now...

What a way to get your first point of the season!

Enjoy it Alberto Brignoli and Benevento 
YAS! 
The struggle is real.....
 mug and a decorative classroom to start the week! 
The vibe at 
IT'S OFFICIALLY THE WEEKEND! 
What. A. Turnout. 
Only The Game Can Judge 
Denver throwback 
It's almost Final weekend, and the Contestants will need some surefire advice on how to take home the title! Who better to help them out than 
It's the first Advent 
My day is happy every time I listen to the álbum 
Imagine Dragons did amazing this year. They really deserve everything. 
TOSS THAT PAPER! 


LA! Mark your calendars and go hear 
Spotted my boy 
Slidin’ into November like... 

Buy One, Get One Tender Platters all November long at participating locations. 
 to hanging out inside a level I grew up playing 
Who's ready for 
Crazy night seeing Akon and the Konvict Kartel (
Our partner 
Look
RT
Axtone Presents is going live on Facebook at 4pm GMT! 
Greatness.... 
Indian crowd is one of the best in the world! 
Tune in to my weekly updated 
Preparing for tonight 
So cool to see it at 
The official video to 
Original version of 
Thanks to all who have made the first video for this project come true 
We're so excited to finally share our complete Cell Phone EP with you guys! 
Woohoo 
Keep on rocking! 
 absolute banger wouldn’t have expected anything else from you lads 
Tune in now for the 
So wavey ! 
 “Game Over” EP out Friday with writing and production contributions from 
Punter/QB/LB/TE...

Our guy 
 Sir Gareth Edwards is back!

He'll be LIVE on the 
We're auctioning two 
Big news! "Escaliers dorés" is 
Shoutout to the 
Could RT this all day 
GOD will break you to position you, break you to promote you and break you to put you on your right place but when HE breaks you, HE doesn't hurt you, HE doesn't destroy you, HE does it with Grace!!!!! 
I'm thrilled to be part of this team as we step into the new evolution of our platform 
Let’s go baby 
Great to see SheEO Venture 
We’ve all heard ‘I could use an extra set of hands,’
Dueling 18-footers from Spieth and Johnson on the final two holes... that landed us in the 2017 top-10 tournaments 
Stocking fillers done right.
All my Hambro ladies, all my Hambro ladies, all my Hambro ladies, now put your hands up 
Flawless Complexion  
Our favorite Nudes all in one photo 
Did you know that our Pro Conceal is available at select 
 is available at select 
Celebrating the launch of the new supperclub 
Have you go What It Takes? 
Wow. What a line-up we've had over the past few days! 
After the end of our Debut Headline Tour Tonight, we’ll be playing a special free acoustic set at Vinyl Revolution in Brighton next Thursday 7th December at 7pm to celebrate the launch of ‘Eight’ 
London that was carnage-big love to all that came and made that our best gig in the city, also massive thanks to 
Johnny-on-the-spot to fire home the winner! 
Get in 
Great away win from the boys today 
What a night to be involved in
From local lad to home hero. 
Get in! 
It's good to be back 
Looking forward to meeting up with 
  |  
We will be raffling our beautiful limited edition hand crafted chair at the Christmas Fayre tomorrow and for 
 jury just before 
It's a busy weekend for Christmas events but be sure to pop down to SWG3 for the Christmas 
That's all folks! It's been a fascinating weekend covering such a diverse range of topics around design and imperialism, with so many questions still be explored...

A big thank you to all the participants, attendees and everyone who followed the 
FULL-TIME | Derby County 0 Town 1

Massive three points... GET IN! 
COME ON CITY!! 
 | Today's attendance: 20,278.

Thanks for your support this afternoon, 
The fabulous Aman from 
Magic
Mystery
Mutants


 When you realise it's the 1st of December and The Varsity Match is next week! 
The greatest Christmas tree ever 
Peter Miller what a guy 
Overall Champion & 
What a day for Gordon Elliott at 
Northern Ireland has a new hero 
 is almost here 
Home with my family! 
August's Stobart Jockey of the Month nominations are 
Invest & build movements not moments. Mission driven, social change before sellout. Of place. Integrity core to 
Grab a shoebox and fill it with items from this list and do something awesome for the homeless this festive season - drop it to 
We had a number of milestones reached this morning. Congratulations all! 
Thank you to those that brought them along this morning 
Delighted to chat to 
 - Congratulations to the top movers on the latest 
Big ups to 
Loving our hardback #2015 
Want to revamp your organisation's approach to performance management? It's important to identify the right strategies for your business culture and objectives 
Last week they were headlining 
Fucking finally 
Newbury we had a blast Saturday night! Big shout out to 
We're honoured to be part of this amazing line up in London, get your tickets before they're gone! Thank you 
Who needs some 
Doors are open 
Absolutely outstanding Scottish talent, could listen to this song all day long, go check it out! 
“And could he play...” 
It's tomorrow! Just 1 day to go until the 
 supporting both education & healthy lifestyles within the local community 
Just a standard wednesday evening for 
STMM x H&C mask now available 
 AVAILABLE NOW 
THANK YOU for this weeks orders 
BLOODY BABES! Be the stars that you are and get behind our 
Hands up if you're excited about RT24 Training Course in Belfast!! 
And we’re underway!! HUGE thanks to all of the awesome attendees that have turned up this evening. 
How cool is 
Hmm, looks like Newcastle's favourite alcoholic tea just landed in one the city's famous venues 
FitLiving UK 17 - wish we were back here 
Massive news from 
Thanks to our friends at 
Come on!! 
Team News | Your 
Don't forget to read our post-show press release! Once again - thanks to everyone who attended. Don't forget to register for your FREE ticket for the May show at 
Congratulations Big Ol’ Barnacle Bob on your nomination for ‘Best Solo Hornpipe’!! 
Saturday night on the Castle Stage is going to be HUGE!!! 
So excited to have you along to our little festi-holiday at a castle by the sea...
You’re going to Arsenal vs 
Winners for this coming throughout the day 
We're feeling so 
Follow & RT to win a pair of tickets to Burnley vs 
Today's the day 
Team at office. 
This was nice! 
Next up... a Sunday double header! 
Thanks for the good times on a Sunday morning 
What a save this was yesterday by Nick Pope 
Beginning our Year in Review today...


It's only taken about 10,000 shots to get that mis-shaped ball on the head shot..... 
BLAZE Mentor, 
While everyone else has baby back ribs, our 
If you're down for 
All the best tonight 
Man like Big Shaq on soccer am! 
Tickets have been purchased...looking forward to this with the boys! 
"When I lost a match I broke down in frustration. Today players lose, take a selfie and put it on the Internet. They make me sick."

- AC Milan's new head coach Gennaro Gattuso. 
We are so proud of our shortlisted authors! 
Don't be disheartened by the things you don't have. Be thankful for the things you do have 
A company is only as great as the people who choose to dedicate their time, energy, and attention to building the best possible product. Thank you for choosing Help Scout and for helping us create a wonderful workplace 
 ANNOUNCEMENT! 
Looking for the perfect 
 get ready! Shellfish with 
Tickets booked for Jane Eyre 
Inspiration from comedian of the moment 
 Chocolate Tea 
"We'll start 2018 in a really positive way." 
Today g4g reaches 
Excited to be talking about 
ALL about this!!! 
Being grateful is powerfully positive and has a lot of proven benefits.

At Voice, we want to hear from you:

Happy birthday to my best pal 
Well done to everyone 
We had an amazing time last night 
Yay this post made it in 
Come meet the new wave of badass tech leaders at our 
You've made it when 
A firm favorite photo. Happy birthday to the outstanding 
Women empowering women! 
Can't wait! 
TOTALLY stoked to have the great..a legend Fatima Robinson on 
Excited to join the show 
Happy Thursday! Time to show off your Kappas and other emotes with the Chat Box and keep your viewers engaged! 
My daily goal 
Much LOVE to Dr. Freeclouds dedicated to the Underground of Electronic Dance Music
Lookie what came in da mail today. 
We are now officially partnered with 
Due to popular demand, the GTX 1080 TI GPU is back for 
Talk about positive affirmations! This lil girl got skills! 
How is it going guys? We are giving out an i9 processor for today. RT&Tag a streamer friend! 
"Wololo" for joy with today's 
With the genophage cured, we turn our attention to the quarians. Going live in 1 hour 
You know 
Next Friday 
Life hack: the chocolate waterfall at 
Cruel kids covered this puppy in glue and left him to die. You wouldn't recognise him just three months later 
Chain Gang reppin'

Tweet 
Consider shopping local today for 
This story making me cry this Thanksgiving morning.  Some people are good 
Michigan State's 
Super news Switch fans, 
RT if you can't wait to play! 
Damn we really did that 
The stars are out tonight in Cork for the 
Smiles all around as Aidan O'Brien makes history by winning his 26th Group 1 this season with Saxon Warrior. What an achievement 
Fantastic win by our 
SUNRISE! When you are in the mountains it is even more special. The darkness that you have been climbing through starts to evaporate and then the light hits you 
What better to sample chunks of 
Huge congratulations to all of tonight's winners, what an amazing year of children's TV! 
Huge congrats to Johan and thank you all finalists! Also thanks to 
Aalto post-doc Anand Tatikonda is developing a revolutionary & sustainable way to recycle complex metals with the help of bacteria 
Wagyu Ragu 
Couldn't agree more! 
Can't wait to be on 
Time to digest an incredible couple of days 
Winnie's outfit though 
CALLING ALL 
We're celebrating BLACK FRIDAY by slashing 50% off the price of our black coffee. We'll have Black Coffee on the speakers and Americanos for half price, all day long. 
Tag us and WIN! Every month, we're giving away meal vouchers. To win, all you have to do is post your Milk Bar moment to Instagram or Facebook and tag them 
Sundays are for sticky buns. 
Sweet potatoes stuffed with chickpeas & feta is 
Saw Jay-Z perform live tonight for the 8th or possibly 9th time in the last 10 years. He’s more uplifting and more political than ever. And still played so many classics 
If you subscribe to my newsletter, check your inbox for a 
If you have more money, you can help more people. 
From QMUL School of Law to the Civil Service, read about Niva Thiruchelvam's amazing 
Happy 1st December Give your loved ones something special this Christmas
Therapists do a fantastic job such a honour to work closely with them in intermediate care 
WONDERKID is available on Sky this weekend 
Introducing - The AlumierMD Intellibright Complex - a lightweight serum that contains naturally powerful skin brightening agents that work by different mechanisms to enhance results and resistance to new pigment formation. Hydroquinone free. 
my my my...happy weekend and shout to the saturday night ravers. 
 

Work hard, never give up & be grateful for what you have 
What a group 
Come on boys
My first rugby league game 
We are delighted to have won 'Best Sporting Event' for the 3rd year in a row at the 
Ready, steady, GO! Black Friday is HERE 
Congratulations to Brendan Rodgers and the 
"Built in the 1900s, the flesh and bones of Victoria Warehouse has stood as a symbol of this citys industrial strength and innovation for around 100 years." 

What a blog and what a video! 
Over the years £600k given out in bursaries to students in the Aisling bursaries run by 
Honoured to be a part of the 
Congrats to this great bunch of guys 
Thrilled to set the 100 mi World Record & best the men's and women 100 mi trail FKTs at 
Committed to the 
1,547,915 
Sooo..excited about new venture launching in 3 
Team Junction in 
That was something special from the 
 Photo by holly_dollyy Because 
Caitlin Moran puts the game beyond doubt 
goose bumps from that and the game billy wow
$300,000 artist support program announced in Brisbane. Bravo 
What a lovely thing to do 
Smerz 
Great day to be a Bulldog 
Someone preaching the truth! Only us Canes fans know 
AG is obsessed with being great. 
Signing Day is a wrap 
Look back and celebrate how 
The swagger is back! 
There’s no place I’d rather be on Saturday morning than making some picks on 
Received First Team All Conference DE
On his last carry, Demario Richard became the fifth career 3,000-yard rusher in 
Follow Them True is a 
We're still buzzing from yesterday's events! Celebrating 
Thoroughly deserved boys - we did it. 
62 Goal 
What a start to campaign!!! 
That’s a wrap on this run! Thanks so much to 
Credit to 
Trying a xmas special at .
RESULTS | 

1st team couldn’t get around The Somersham Towns bus! 1-1 the final result with Cam scoring. 

Reserves lost to bottom of the league Sawston 4-2, we had a few interesting disallowed goals...

Big week next week for the club 
MATCH DAY 
Happy Sunday 
Finally today we are off to magaluf  
Tom Brady has been nominated for BBC Overseas Sports Personality of the Year! 
BIRTHDAY!
DERBY FLASHBACK | John "Shaggy" Taylor bags a hat-trick against the Posh in 1989
 
We are not worthy! 
Sick support tonight from 
Ya estamos en Rusia. Objetivo logrado⁠⁠⁠⁠!! / Job done!! Qualifyed for Russia 2018 WCup 
Due to a cancellation we have a table of 6 available for Friday evening! 
Please call 01695 572511 to snap it up 
Having confirmed his place at The 
Father John Misty's stunning 2017 album "Pure Comedy" is no.4 on 
Looking fabulous 
No one I’d rather do life with than this guy. I’m so proud of the man and champion he is in life. Thank you God for all our blessings 
I want to win a Round Metal Print from 
When else can you do burnouts in the middle of the Las Vegas Strip? 
 Congratulations and we look forward to seeing you on the 
Big news from us! Great to announce this and to achieve a fantastic result for our investors and Funds I and II companies alike - onwards! 
Introducing another fine 
Don't want to spoil the fun but.... 
Can not believe this is only $50.

Ch. 3+4 launch in Nov - the timing to learn now-holiday break is 
It’s cool to see 
A massive thank you to everyone that participated in 
Cool! 
 I was watching the 
Sand-boarding in Nicaragua down volcanic sand. That was EPIC 
Our EVP Selina Webb is heading to 
DEFIANT! has arrived at the 
One of my fave sessions this year!!
vibes with 
These perfect 
Check 
Need more music to play in my shows! If u done any awsome tracks I should play at my gigs, feel free to send it to promomikeperry@gmail.com 
# YAY, Check Out the Official Video of 
We've got a little treat for you to celebrate the weekend! 
WEEKEND! Go with the 'FLOW' by 
Cheers to the last month of 2017! 
Big ups 
We're heading up high! Happy birthday 
new mix with some friends 
When you’re not nearly as dead after going hard at 
Let’s talk about this morning. 

What a mesmerizing sunrise to wake up to. 
Are yetseng Retweet 
Inja ye Game... 
 Hands up who wants our 
Venom One Remix of Refeel - Always got its first play on A State Of Trance tonight!! 
Yesss bro 
rundstyle at about 5.30 this morning still going offf 
 's performances were too dope man, the setup, entlek alles. I had Goosebumps the whole time 
GREATNESS 
'Until The End' doing solid 
Loving all the support on 'Until The End' with 
Chris Lorenzo at Tank TONIGHT!!!
C.9INE Feat. Joao Orecchia - Wonder 
Awesome music 
 another week, another session! 
Now available Scantraxx: 15 Years of Hardstyle (Documentarty)! 
Love it 
Huge remix package of 
This is what we're living for! 
Last weekend I had one of my best gigs so far at the 15th anniversary of Scantraxx Recordz! 
 Excited for my new 'The New Generation' EP? 
Thank you to all the delgates from SLS 
It's here; The Show Of Madness w/ 
2018 is coming closer and what better way to warm up for the new year than with some fresh Trance! 25 extended mixes from the likes of 
The soaring riffs and lush pads are sure to set hands in the air! Grab your copy of the new 
We can always count on 
I liked 7 tracks from this week's 
ORCHESTRANCE 214 
Epic 
Thanks so much buddy, awesome to have your support 
Yeah he is 
Weekends like this are why we love the Premier League 
Only four teams remain unbeaten in Europe's top five leagues this season 
"Mind of The Wonderful" is back with a brand new 2017 remix from 
This melody never gets old...
After already having received some huge support we will release the amazing 
10 steps to setting up your own zero waste shop. These guys 
 14.- 
 11.- 
6 days to go
See you on the dance floor! 
Who's got their 
2 DAYS TO GO! 
D U S K Y


On sale now, the massive 
The remix of RIFF which David Tort and I made is finally out! (Official video will come tomorrow! 
Thanks so much Minsk and Liverpool! Had a fantastic weekend!! Already can't wait till upcoming saturday! Will play as 
Wow!! What a night 
THIS WEEK AT 
The LEGENDARY 
Can't get enough of this one 
To celebrate the release of 'Riff', both 
Only three more nights of sleep until 
An entire arena consumed by sound, light and pure energy... 
Some nights are beyond words...
Thank you, Prague & 
A paradise made of steel... Thank you Liverpool, 
Memories for a lifetime... Thank you Liverpool! 
Super excited to have fellow 
Merch pop up today at 
Detroit! EASTGOODS pop up at 
New merch up now! 
Doors Are Open! The skies are clearing & 
It is with great honor to announce that 
The moment you've been asking for has finally arrived! Daily lineups will be released tomorrow, and we have added some trance! 
TUNE IN to hear the best music from around the globe including Don's VIP mix of TAKE HER PLACE! 
Realizing 2017 is finally almost over 
The winner is… Eruption! 
No, we’re not yanking your chain. Nuts 2 just beat Carbide! 
Want to win a 2017 
There's no lap times, just 
SOLD OUT! 
Who immediately google'd Preachers on Demand after watching this? 
What an AWEEESOME premiere tonight!! 
YES!!!! Go get 
• F E M A L E •


When your song comes on. 
"In the beginning, there was me, I was rhythm."
Phrenology by 
One of 
YESSSSSSSS. ALL THE 
A company is only as great as the people who choose to dedicate their time, energy, and attention to building the best possible product. Thank you for choosing Help Scout and for helping us create a wonderful workplace 
 making the neighborhood cleaner 
Thank you for voting for us & BIG congratulations to everyone in the 
Many thanks to 
Huge congratulations to our training facility Futuretech and 
Well deserved win! 
 Glad 
There's no growth in the comfort zone, but there's no comfort in the growth zone. Words of wisdom from 
HUGE thanks to 
Today!!! 
Exciting news! Starting in 2018, admission to 
So excited to be here! Miigwetch 
What an amazing crowd out today in South Surrey—White Rock for 
Neo can hunt!!! 
We're glad you enjoyed it! Keep piggybacking and you'll be #1 next time 
dood 
Thrilled to set the 100 mi World Record & best the men's and women 100 mi trail FKTs at 
Committed to the 
Have you heard this yet? "U Cant-3" by yours truly 
TOMORROW NIGHT || lounge beats with 
Arizona! See you next March at 
'A band that you know that even if they were playing in a bloody shed to their Grans, they would perform as if they were playing the biggest show of their career.' OUTLYA - coming to a shed near you in 2018. Thanks, 
When the bullies called, 
The biggest congratulations to Sentrics very own 
 Tonight!! 
Sultaano! Time to represent the 
! -- Tara Priya releases new single 'Fascinate Ya' - premiere
Had a great time playing tennis and raising money for Dezzy’s Second Chance Animal Rescue & 
Hiiii Saturday night! 
Reasons to love 
We're live from both of today's 
MASSIVE well done to 
It’s the 
 returns for 2018 
We're thrilled to announce that to Sue Williams, 
Huge congratulations to 
Come and see us tomorrow at University College School in London for their Summer Opportunities Sixth Form Fair 
Only a week until applications open for the High Achievers’ Summer School 2018! 
Applying to study 
In celebration of 50 years, we're hearing from people who have helped bring the Octagon to life. Here is the first of our five "50 faces of the Octagon" blogs 
Tickets to Insomnia62 - the UK's BIGGEST gaming festival are now available! 
We WON!!! 
Time to digest an incredible couple of days 
Big thanks to 
FREE DOWNLOADS! 
Another incredible crowd at Adelaide Oval 
Top three needs to be Tiny Dancer, Rocket Man and Your Song 
Finally made my 1st trip to 
What a beautifully inspiring Sunday 
Inspiring 
It's Women Who Rock for 
The first wave of acts playing Boardmasters 2018 has arrived including your first Main Stage headliner, 
Yesterday's first wave announcement saw us reveal legendary dance duo 
This week's 
We want everything! 
On repeat 
Some show this is going to be 
Glorious Mint Hot Chocolate 
There’s a lot to love about our Festive Winter Salad, but it’s all about the Wensleydale and caramelised pecans 
Yep !!! James made it into the pitch !! 
Tekkers... 
OUTSTANDING 
Ok PETeachers at Wembley you can imagine the challenges 
Yet another successful event 
One's on water, the other's on ice - but they both wouldn't be able to compete without your support 
 is just around the corner, but 
What a great day 
The most worthy winner of them all 
Good quote 
Can't wait to meet everyone 
Winning! 
“I refuse to run. I’m here to fix it.” - 
Whitney Wolfe just said one of my favorite things: “We need to celebrate the rise of all of us, not just one of us.” 
Speaking of 
And that's a wrap! Thank you to everyone who made our "New Songs and Spaces Tour" so wonderful. Grateful for you! 
A tribute to a former 
The Ideal Facebook Cover Photo: How to Make Yours Stand Out (With 12 Examples) 
Special thanks to 
Just one more sleep! 
When Cavan's best meets Longford's best 
Guest speakers for the 2017 
Best moments compilation! 
Weekend of a lifetime! 
 Prepare for a pure BOP, 'cause 
Sounds great!!! 
Exciting news – we've announced a partnership with 
Great to see such a unique scene getting a national profile 
7M here we go!!!
This nude lip combo though  
Head over to our Instagram account to enter an exciting competition 
Friday feels! Time to get the weekend started 
thanks for the set/love/vibes 
we're gonna be performing i miss you on 
Six foundations for pale skin 
We've arrived 
Re-watching 
Finish your 2017 strong: join the WORD Inner Circle Membership and check out our end of year events 
29-straight NCAA Tournament appearances 
Saw Jay-Z perform live tonight for the 8th or possibly 9th time in the last 10 years. He’s more uplifting and more political than ever. And still played so many classics 
Next week's 
A huge congrats to Dr. Andrews 
 We're happy to announce that we've renewed our partnership as the Official Travel and Hospitality Provider of the 
Who's got the 
Orlando’s own 
Bob Costas NAILED this. Patriotism comes in many forms, but it's been conflated w/ bumper sticker flag waving & "military only." 
We're in! 


Nick flying up for a rebound against Harvard! 
That Sweet Sixteen feeling
Head to the Health Enhancement Center for a night of fun competition with fellow Pointers, prizes donated by local businesses and a variety of challenging games! 
When you score the game-winner... 
@ConnerRyanCombs  thanks Combs!! 
Finally 19!!
Love starting my day with a fresh 
 Your Union Station location is EVERYTHING 
 you go to bed after earning the first NCAA Tournament win in PROGRAM HISTORY and know you get to keep playing....
Ballet Ballet Ballet 
A lot to be thankful for this time of year. Thankful our student-athletes have opportunities like today to give back and serve the community at 
 x 20!

Our historic run in SEC play reaches another milestone.


Our go-to spot at the 
"I trust my boss, I trust his boss, I trust these guys behind me, and I love you guys..Let's see what we can do." 
What happens in 
Our crew is ready to go! 
"Drama at the Ricoh!"

An incredible end to an incredible game of rugby. 
HUGE congratulations to 
From Gal Gadot to Lynda Carter, view the many on-screen incarnations of 
Not picked up the new Thanos title from 
I love how when I need or want to look into something 
What a day! Feeling truly inspired by all the beautiful ladies I met and moved with at 
Currently in action 
Oh and let's not forget 
Check out these cracking photos of 
So excited for 
They're in! 
1) It's Friday
2) We've got a sunny weekend on the way (though cold!)
3) We'll be playing 
A massive thank you to everyone who came to see us in 
A jumper with me on the front 
Cardiff 
BBC Somerset's new home 
BBC Somerset's last ever broadcast from Park Street in Taunton. 

Happy to have worked on this show.
Picking up a bronze for the best mid-morning programme at the Gillards 
It’s the final weekend of 
“Social enterprise is one of the most powerful and effective tools for changing the world” - Michael Sheen 
Our only LONDON preview of 
Big thanks to all our brilliant co-producers and venues we've worked with this last year 
The Hairspray company bringing ultimate 
Loved it over here too 
Star and Garter-ing tonight! 
Last night we picked up the ‘Growing Business of the Year: Smaller Company’ award at the 2017 
Hands up if you're excited about the new season 
Did you know? The 
When you find the perfect Secret Santa 
The Women’s 
Quality start to the 
Three in the bag for Amy Hardcastle in the 2013 World Cup 
Good start to the weekend 
Back on 
HAPPY FRIDAY 
Two Toronto chicks wearing some maisonvalentino Congrats on the new Soho Store 
Support from 
Delighted to chat to 
Another busy interval in the Essentials Shop.  Keep up the hard work! 
Hats off to 
My prospective week-end just improved drastically – most Rainbow Quest episodes online 
So excited 
Can't believe 
We're so excited for 
Woo! Fantastic news! 
When you see the Wonder-ful 
Absolutely! 
Our Youth Ambassador, 
When the whole family is pumped for tonight’s extra-long show...
See you at 9pm on 
This. THIS! Always this!!!! 
Pleasure! The more we can do to recognise the achievements of SLP & spread the importance of adult learning the better 
Molly’s life lessons 
Panto season has arrived. Yes it has...and we've got tickets up for grabs 
Nice one David. 'Bury Everything' is a great record 
Last week they were headlining 
Adelaide tonight we party!! Awesome artwork by Shani Finch 
 happy new nicholas krgovich album day 
We missed the tinfoil roll out but 
That winning feeling. 
Thanks to everyone who joined us in raising 
Down south, Gremio have become 
We can't wait to play for the beautiful people of 
Hands down. 
 is happy on a Saturday night! 
Show this tweet any time until 4pm at 
To the party crowd out there. 
Check out the brand new slice n' dice edit made by the friends of Onboard Snowboarding Magazine. 
Yesterday we showed you how the snowboarders @primeparksessions went crazy. Check out their skiing edit... 
The November College Readiness Institute is in full-swing! 
From NYC/ 
A team of Rice undergraduate students won third place in Project Green Challenge 2017 in San Francisco. PGC is a 30-day eco lifestyle competition that seeks to inspire students to transition from a conventional to a conscious lifestyle. 
Today was 
It has been over a month and I'm still not over it! Still thinking about it. Still need to watch it again. Kind of speechless. 
#1 works like a charm — EVERY time. 
FOOTBALL IS BACK!
New video out via 
SNEAK PEAK OF THE GOODS 
i just wanna let y'all know... 
A BIG Congrats to our 2018 
I think it's more of the environment you and the rest of 
Come for the sick 
Fat to the rafters!! 
What a win yesterday! 
History made! We're in the quarter-finals of the 
He is worth it all. 
Sounds like a great evening in Walsall... good job all round!
Next up... a Sunday double header! 
Today we’re launching Twitter premium APIs to kick off the next era of innovation for Twitter developers. 
How brilliant is this going to be?! 
For cereal! Great 
TONIGHT: post-thanksgiving party with 
3 days into my first kombucha and kefir fermentation - not looking to poisonous yet 
We'll see you in June 
Preparations for the 
Todays the day!
Late night ink 
Thanks a lot 
 launch tonight Suki10C - come out and support 
 thecapeoxford we're on at 9pm followed by the amazing 
I was literally having a conversation last week about booking some gigs in Germany & then today I get this message! Well maybe I might just book those gigs! 
Looks like that risky Samba paid off! 
Darling 
A great day and year 
God is good... 
Just released our official recap video on YouTube for "What Happened" 
The wait is almost over
OTD 35 years ago, Michael Jackson released THRILLER worldwide. It is still the best-selling record of all time. 
Did you think we’d gone quiet now for the rest of this week guys?

O no.... we’ve got a little something extra coming your way later today... 
Amazing dinner wine from Wednesday 
*rubs thighs* 
Thank you to everyone who visited us at 
In Episode 1 of 
Hello internet! We’ve just launched our very first podcast in association with 
We're so excited to see you all at 
We're ready to rock with you on Sept. 28, 
 tix available >> 
Best part of my job is building new relationships with busy women in the kitchen 
Calling All 
This is the biggest campaign rally I have attended so far.  
Crazy
Back in Miami for round 3 of FADER x 
What a journey: from 
Can't wait to see you! 
Nominated for Performer: Alhaji Fofana, Millie Innes, Phil Fletcher and Savannah Baker 
Huge congratulations to all of tonight's winners, what an amazing year of children's TV! 
The sides, don’t forget the sides (this soup
Never ignore somebody with a disability, you dont realize how much they can inspire you!

Meet Abhishek Thaware, India’s tooth archer,Man who never quits
The Charity Concert is underway. Wow, the boys sound good
Sean Dyche signifies everything we love about a coach. Having had the privilege of seeing his methods first hand, he is meticulous & disciplined in his approach to training & match days. Respected from players & staff and keeps everybody striving for more 
Great drill for ball control, speed and awareness 
That feeling when you realise there's just ONE WEEK until we return! 
Don't Stop Believing! 
What Mr Shi & Fosun are doing for us 
One of my all time 
Brilliant 
As always, sending  good wishes to Nuno & our team 
62 Goal 
Guess who finished all their tasks ready for the weekend 
REPRESENT 
This story is proof that walking netball is truly an amazing sport 
He gave it everything he had. 


This year 
Fresh Spring’s oak smoked salmon 
Congratulations to all this years MOBO award winners. So much good music this year 
Brilliant stuff from the 
What a night to be involved in
From local lad to home hero. 
Check out why the 
A Dough-luxe Universe Pack is headed to 
If you're shopping online don't forget if you shop on 
 is a sell out!
Plenty of time for people to stop by 
PIZZA KLAXON - it's Double Up Day! 
Get any individual 1/4m pizza delivered and your second is just £2 
Brill to be included in best fintech startups for 2017, thanks!! 
Congratulations to our Students who started rehearsals yesterday for Jack and the Beanstalk at the 
Virtual Reality headset shipments are on the rise 
"The future of computing is here and it’s time we all sat up and took notice." A fantastic read from our very own 
You and I 
Huge shout out to 
Read. This. Thread. 
 Thank you for sharing this great picture! Happy to help! 
I think I saw today more women than men on the bike 
Good news! Nominations have been extended for the 2018 Victorian Honour Roll of Women 
Chuffed for the whole club to get that win, especially going into the international break. Our fans were immense today, too. 
Delighted to score my first goal for 
Sunday Funday = Eating Pizzaville 
We’re thrilled to announce our first ever VFLW signing. 

Welcome to Tigerland, Natarsha Bamblett 
WHAT A GAME THIS IS! 
 Vita Coco Coconut Water Giveaway 
Fall/winter pro tip: Massage  coconut oil into your wet skin after showering. Towel dry & bask in the glory of your ultra-moisturized skin 
God all of this 
Get 20% off on any order! 
Math lovers, rejoice! 
 beautiful work Travis 
No one I’d rather do life with than this guy. I’m so proud of the man and champion he is in life. Thank you God for all our blessings 
Deck the halls 
Today's winning team 
Really proud to be in this video by the brill donors at 
What a feeling!! An epic win for the team! 
Tonite in Baton Rouge we have a stacked line up! So excite
Stay AWAY from NEGATIVE people... they have a PROBLEM for every SOLUTION 
Ive never had a problem being creative.  Im very thankful for that.  
Tunage; taking u back to my set 
YES it’s 
DON'T MISS: 
Attention to detail 
Faux fur look 
Get 50% off our new mustard quilt parka jacket 
The new range 
 Incredible first-class career numbers for 
 We're heading back to Arundel in 2018 to play Sussex!

Who's this celebrating a wicket there back in 2012? 
Can’t wait to see everyone at Chester WH Smith’s this Saturday 12pm signing my new book . Bears nessesitites 
Returning tomorrow & Sat Sheffield's street food heaven 
It’s competition time! 
2 tickets have become available for tonight's sold out pop-up 
This week's top movers on 
Our Downtown location is open until 8pm tonight during 
Looking fabulous 
Sheet metal apprentice Macaulay Reavill receives hero's welcome after representing the nation at 
AMP LOST & FOUND 2018 IS HERE  
AMP Lost & Found ambassador perks 
Beautiful morning in 
It's the last day of the 
Check out some unique merch at the DIY Christmas Market! 
Yasss chopping it up with my girl 
Thanks for having me!! 
Big shoutout to the hometown gang at 
Thnx for having me 
Race winner 
Big S|O to Rogers and his team at East London Airport for the great service 
Need some dinner inspiration? This creamy moringa coconut lentil curry is packed full of flavour & nutrients - perfect for leftover lunches too! Get the recipe: 
Season opener is less than a week away 
Discover how 
Low Carb High Fat Diet Experts Latest News is Out! 
This show 
Well that's my last night in the motor home sorted! 
I'm on my way to watch you 
This is what we like to hear 
Tonight! Tune in to 
This looks ace. Packed with amazing artists loved by 
A BIG thank you has to go out to 
REALLY excited about this book and an awesome project we have coming along 
Welcome to our new series introducing you to all the incredible women powered by Keychange! First up it's 
Also out today! 
Also this came out today! Co-wrote with patrick_patrikios and 
                       
Shoutout to our incredible panelists: 
 teams up with 
Torshi at 
I can't believe that I am announcing my first headline show!! See you there 
Bit late on this but big big shouts to 
Visuals looking good for the show 
Tonight's, the night! Running In The Shadows: FLEETWOOD MAC SPECIAL goes live in Camden Town this evening! 
Classic Hits 4FM listeners party tonight! 
Meet our Radiography students 
JUST ADDED! 
I've got some beautiful songs to show up pretty soon and i'm exited to share that with you! I'm coming back this friday 
Last night was an absolute blast with 
In action! MOVEMENT FESTIVAL TURIN. 
Playing this 
Amsterdam we are ready! 
Way exciting!! 
Happy Black Friday weekend! There's now 30% off everything on our online shop. Don't miss out on the oatiest bargain you'll find this weekend 
Safe travels!!! See you at the game 
My beauty routine involves first becoming an otter. It should props end there too because I feel fabulous 
We were there! 
Thankful to be living in a city with Christian radio 
Nothing like some pre game piano playing 
Invest & build movements not moments. Mission driven, social change before sellout. Of place. Integrity core to 
Waking up to this view on a weekend morning never gets old. 
Best fans in the world 
Looking good isn't about self-importance; it's about self-respect 
Our CSTAR Slack app has been featured as New & Noteworthy in the Slack app store. Cheers, 
We're so lucky to have such great people to work with! Big props to Helen for everything that she's doing to help people! 
Congrats Sheldon and to everyone else who's graduating over the next couple weeks! Hope you've all had as amazing a time as we have!! 
Awesome stuff happening around the country this week for 
Great stuff guys!! 
Bumped into a mentee from 
Ronaldinho was a god! 
There we go 
Game Winning FGs Episode 1 is now live! All videos were submitted by you! Check it out! 
We want to make a game winning FG compilation for our YouTube. 
Send your game winners to kickersmatter@gmail.com! 
Grab yourself a drink & settle in with the whole 1st season of 
 Feels when you remember you can binge watch all of 
It's a Miami thing. You wouldn't understand 
This for the Crib | 
GAMEDAY at 
Congratulations to all the teams who participated in this year's Gildan Charleston Classic! The 10th anniversary was one for the books!
Ha! Glad you made it to the end of the 
Totally on my list to try! The recipe really does look fantabulous! 
An incredible journey! 
Who's a 
The twitter handles of the WoC-run list of initiatives that foster D&I in tech which we tweeted a link to a few days ago. 
A great list of initiatives run by women of color that foster diversity&inclusion in tech. Thanks 
Activity Zone committee tonight in the Students' Union from 6-7pm 
Leaving the office on a Friday like... 
 Many 
Our final focus event of 
This Girl Can Week - Activity 2) VS Pink Yoga 
Grabbing some quick lunch at Street Kitchen before heading back out to halls! These were legit the best nachos I've had in my life 
Just over a week left until the Camps Reps will be coming to Brunel!
Our lads can be proud of what they have done 
Amazing night Notts 
Today's Prize...

A 16/17 Arsenal FC Home Shirt signed by MESUT OZIL! 
 Training wear, leisurewear and our fantastic 2018 
 More Salford Red Devils will be out at local presentation evenings this weekend as 
 player of the tournament: 
Kehlani will be joining 
Inspiring talk at 
 Geko And Cadet Link Up For ‘Southside’
Excited to kick off the Gen-I 2.0 Visioning session in LA with key partners! 
The two teams to beat Ohio State: 
 Hands-on with the Polymer 3.0 preview 
Great news this morning - Moana Soundtrack is nominated for a Grammy 
Some of our amazing employees raised a whopping $13,000 this 
Huge congrats to Right Homes who cleaned up with a suite of 2017 
Our place is empowering girls & young women in Scotland & if you want to help more girls join in the fun & adventure then we’ve got a place for you too! 
"When I lost a match I broke down in frustration. Today players lose, take a selfie and put it on the Internet. They make me sick."

- AC Milan's new head coach Gennaro Gattuso. 
We are super excited to be working with the amazing folks 
 is in 3rd place rounding around the eastern point of Brazil. But the 
The rest of the glory 
We're thrilled to be involved in the 
Rak whoooooooooo 
RAK FRICKING SU 
We're excited! 
Want to win tickets to see 
We’re very proud to see so many of our students, graduates and staff at this fantastic 
Tuesday means a new episode of 
Thank you for watching our final show of 2017 
"My responsibility as an artist is to remind people that human beings are better when they work together. That in times of suspicion we need to dramatize possibility. In a time of nervousness, we need to dramatize optimism." 
We're even on the escalators! 
Rehearsal day 2. Such a dream team. 
Lines learnt. Inner child released. Let's get crackin' Bring on rehearsals! 
I knew Ada Lovelace. Let's give the rest more 
I'm literally tearing up as I see my close friend 
shout out to 
 abstract submitted 
Stella panel! All doing such inventive and fascinating work 
 injects €16 million euros into local economy. Thank you for having us 
Pep at his best. 
SMASH Test Dummy’s Daddy is TAPPED! 
Poke is here for dinner tonight till 9pm 
This is what the most spirited student section in the country looks like! 
Wow! What a fantastic 
20% off all issues and prints this week only...yes, that includes the recent Sweden issue release! Visit 
Come celebrate the start of the season with us at Cityzens Saturday! 
Some madness tomorrow evening 
This Saturday 25/11/17 Bring a Friend for free and drop in for only £8 
Can't wait for this year's Just Bollywood 
Supportive + collaborative university partnerships across the country at the heart of this. Great example in 
I still can't believe the 
MY ALBUM IS FINALLY OUT! Tell me which track is your favorite 
See you this week Europe! Tag a friend who should come to the shows 
Double page spread on my last day 
Our games hero Marvin talking about chatbots as a future of social gaming! 
Autumn is well and truly here!
Raise your sticks & give a cheer! 
11/10 
Get ready for tons of new music when 
Wishing a BIG congrats to 
2000 lights shining bright 
Can’t wait to perform with 
Partial bass set up for 
Wow. 650 geordies
BLAZE...full length album...12.1 
Reason #1 to be an 
Yes, you can turn back the clock 
