I know it’s crazyyyyyy they are so good 
Wow how sweet.. Really so nice 
 our favorite hat trick 
Ms. Cortes, if this exchange with uninformed assumers were on video, I would need some popcorn. 
Isn't it a bit too late though??? Really wish she would've announced when she had picked the winners. Congrats to the lucky ARMYs though! 
It’s on my feed 
Thanks for the follow, I’ll return the favour 
I lived in Memphis for almost 15 years. 
Happy Birthday Demi! I hope you have a wonderful day and a wonderful year? 
That's a good drawing!
yes i meant the useless 
Our TIME is just as much a resource as MONEY. The message is meant for raising awareness, not pointing fingers. 
Holliday unfortunately social media is full of mean/unhappy people, especially hiding behind a cell or computer.  Remain positive and ignore the ones that don't reason, there are plenty of them!  
Why are these folks homeless miss r.arcelys? 20% of CA are homeless as of 2016.(113,952 people) right off google! Yes the homeless need jobs but how many are capable of working? My life is great because I have a home! I’m not hiding, I’m who I say I am 
Yes you are so beautiful Lady Gaga! Yes you look amazing
JUST LIKE YOU BB 
Bought mine :) I needed a new long sleeved shirt with my favourite animal on 
hey plz follow pretty please please
And I told her that
Except you who commented... 
Q: if one gets old and die on 
Sweet couple, quirky Chip! 
Your team makes it hard to choose but since I'm currently on break eating a snack I would go with the kitchen
Can’t wait 
As much as i want them to get married, These comments “Marry her already” makes him never post about Brittney in social media, He hasn’t been posting about her lately because he know everyone will comment “Marry her” I really wants them to get married but not pushed 
Its cool mate, I was being a bit of a facetious dick 
Thank you very much 
I hope a museum bought it so people (moi!) can view another example of Da Vinci’s brilliance and appreciate it as it was meant to be.  
Yes because of what you said 
As much as i want them to get married, These comments “Marry her already” makes him never post about Brittney in social media, He hasn’t been posting about her lately because he know everyone will comment “Marry her” I really wants them to get married but not pushed 
Beautiful, simply beautiful 
That's a good drawing!
Humanity at its finest 
Age is a state of mind. 
Thanks, Kevin. I forgot about auxiliaries or used as adjectives too. I appreciated 
Which products have you brought out, Ryan? Since you know how easy the process is 
please do and if you disagree and want to argue in a civilised manner, I'm more than willing to exchange with you :-)
There are so many more... but thx you for taking the time to read 
this one from Fox news... Despite how critical we can be  against FOx, this time they were right !
Thanks for the kind words 
Hulksterr!!! Well thank youuuu 
This is me with Grads from both 
The Qs, the emails, the social media posts all about this. Now this is a great place to get answers 
Thank you to all of you who related to this by sharing your personal stories with me, it means a lot. I wanted to share this with you guys to show things will get better, but you have to fight for it and be patient. Good luck and I hope you all have a Happy Thanksgiving. 
Finally sharing my third and final look from 
Time to take a walk 
안녕하세요! there is a GwentMania Korea Special this sat on 
Love me some off season roster speculations 
Loved walking the carpet last night with our daughters 
I can’t with this dress man. You are a magical dressmaker with Harry Potter-like skills! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! 
Ran into my girl 
Before I frame this picture and hang it in my office to stare at like a creepy stage 5 clinger I thought I’d share it with y’all 
If anyone was wondering what 
I’m gonna go ahead and say thank you for helping make it happen as well 
It is part of a radio tour. I am a guest of the radio show - not part of my tour 
Oscar, we love your 
I actually like driving alone bc I can listen to the same song 96 times in a row without anyone stopping me 
Oh right I see! Fair enough! I'm looking forward to my hug next weekend 
This is the dress I'd have worn if I'd made it out tonight! Dress by 
Gonna pack my selfie stick so we can get an epic selfie with the audience at 
for anyone wanting VIPs you get them from his website on “store” 
 is simply awesome !!
Say hi to “Atlas” 
 I finally killed my cactus, but I had my directions to start a new one. Miss your face 
Sorry, Chris AKA 
[Free Brushes] To celebrate the 100th birthday of the great 
What I imagine doing when some a guy on the street goes “you should smile honey!”    
You 100% know when you've had good pizza...it can be life changing!!! Ok life changing while you eat it! 
Wow, we're so pleased to get this mention! Thanks for another great show 
Over 100 people gathered to hear more about 
Here's the source of information regarding the costs of luggage on planes 
Good morning from Heathrow! Tweet us if you're passing through or require any assistance today. 
It was great to welcome you both to the hospital 
Thank you Andi for your kind words. We wish you and your family all the best for the future 
Proud to have told my story for 
So excited about this!
Watching the ever inspirational 
Super excited to have co-directed a new short film featuring these amazing trans folk, in association with 
Very exciting to be screening at our first 
Happy Monday to players in 
Get voting for our 
There's still time for you to help us make our 
It's our Inspiring Afternoon on Thursday...there's still time to book a ticket to see the fab Sarah Glendinning, from 
I enjoyed visiting the digital leadership conference today at CJHS. In this picture, a third grader explains to the audience how to create a FlipGrid video. Adorable!
One of my favorite pictures of the walkathon. Pure happiness 
Amazing performance by CMS band. Thank you Ms. Curran for sharing your talent with kids! Welcome to Twitter 
 My Ss Love the creativity and fun that they get from playing with Monster!! 
Homegrown basil, homemade pesto slathered on chicken thighs resting on a bed of veggies! Real food does exist 
More Dress for Success pictures! It was an awesome day! 
Coach Ty Lue and i 
Happy birthday jack!!! Hope you have a great day 
Happy Thanksgiving from these little turkeys! 
thank you! Also on itunes and amazon ! 
Ooh but can you please??? You’d be an exemplary Judas 
Choi Kee in Wanchai to satisfy all your  late night cravings :-) 
When your 11 yr old daughter is spinning the tunes in the car and plays 
When See Forever Eyes by 
Great result tonight! Brilliant team perf, wish I could have tke part of it bt I guess everyone have to enjoy those CL moments 
Good to be back & score today
Really proud to be on 
Liverpool are a joke . When will he learn this team can't defend. Whole nation can see it : baffling. Ah well . Pass me the jellies again 
Not forgetting a raised ferritin in TATT could suggest further Ix for haemochromatosis - often missed for years before diagnosis 
Definitely agree she was fantastic when I visited in the summer - on the list! 
Can't wait for some more frosty crisp days 
Thankyou for letting us use yr footage for this song, would be lovely if you shared
I am so thankful for you all! Have the best Thanksgiving!!!!! 
Some wonderful reflections on the Lord's Prayer here!! 
The face when you realise you can catch up with 
Thai-inspired canapés and cocktails at the launch of 
Nice to see our colleagues 
Welcome to the teens, Tahlia!
Really excited to be playing 
He's the star of Channel 5 
Benefit worked magic on my eyebrows
“What do you want to be when you grow up?” 
Really enjoyed hearing typographers 
This braised beef & Gorgonzola mac ‘n’ cheese is guaranteed to warm you up on a cold November day. Available on our great value 373 lunch menu 
we hope you enjoyed your visit to the Gin Library & sampled some local favourites! 
And it was well worth the wait 
It warms my heart to see someone sitting in the middle of 
There's a new 
Enjoying some delicious hot scones from 
 to The "BIG DAY OUT"  at 
Good morning. Happy Tuesday! The warmup continues with temps in the 70s along the coast into the mid to upper 80s farther inland and perhaps even lower 90s in places. Tomorrow will be downright hot! Stay cool, stay safe and tune in starting at 4:30! 
We need lots more followers for 
Great to hear you're able to make it. 
ZW46 the public are amazing, on a road closure at RTC and freezing cold and brought out a cup of tea by friendly neighbour. 22740 
Woohoo - snuggle up it's Sunday! 
great time at the nec in birmingham over the past couple of days! i was able to inspire the future generations 
We had the pleasure of entertaining a new Mr & Mrs on the 
As always an interesting, informative 
A huge thank you to Helena 
We've had the best week spreading the news about our 
Hey thanks, Ed! As ever with 
I’ve been touring with 
Installation completed this morning at Wounds UK in Harrogate. Best of luck to all at 
I’ve been busy framing small prints and sorting out stuff for next weeks ‘A Sense If Place’ Exhibition with 
 WEEKEND TEAM CHALLENGE:Please FOLLOW 
....YES YES YES! Over 300 of YOU SHARED the ABOVE tweet with 41,000 others to HELP ABOVE WEEKEND CHALLENGE SUCCEED! Now THAT is the POWER OF TEAMWORK! The Pine Marten is VERY HAPPY INDEED! THANK YOU to ALL involved for raising awareness of this AWESOME rewilding project 
excellent piece of work needs some promoting 
Very late update but I had an awesome time working with the rest of 
Good luck to everyone taking part 
World Tourism Day. Perfect day to plan your trip to 
Presenting a new documentary series starting on Monday 26.Here's a wee link with the info.
Thank you for your lovely words, mean so much to us and all the team 
What an outstanding performance from 
a never ending story .... and pinot by the looks of it 
If you're being bullied, or know someone who is, here are 6 tips of things to do!  
Stay calm and ready 
Hank was a good little teacher today. 
Don’t we clean up well 
If you'd like to give sanitary protection to women and girls in Dublin direct provision and refuges, these are the drop off locations. Tanken yew 
Want to make an early donation for 
THANK YOU to our 
I feel so honoured 
Happy Charter day boys!! 
TONIGHT TONIGHT!!! Can't wait to see y'all lovely faces there 
 is one good looking chocolate man like dt good ole 
Missed you guys. 
Awesome gig thank you 
Great second day at the track today 
Had a great week 
Rocking the face mask in India. Next few days are looking a bit clearer 
Amazing news congrats Al 
It was a fantastic evening! Thanks for helping to make it merry 
Been recording quite the most extraordinary novel this week - Adam Roberts' 'Jack Glass - The Story of a Murderer.' Strongly recommend it in original form, or - even better - Chapman performed version 
We’ve gone and got ourselves a stunning new website thanks to the wonderful people at 
Editing your domain settings doesn't have to be so daunting 
Not everyday you get a parcel off a Sir. Thanks so much 
Just had a wonderful meeting w/ my lovely friends at 
Makes me feel all warm and happy inside watching my friends channels grow! They deserve it so much 
Done alot today! Went out and sorted some bank stuff, bought paint and other decorating stuff and did food shopping for the week! Tired now 
Thanks for the feedback guys! 
“Canadian-born artist Kristin Wilkinson has caused a stir among Liverpool supporters on social media...” 
Books! One month to go! Pre-order links at 
Bob: "Only God, who appointed me, will remove me!"God: 
dont forget to presave my song with 
How to make a writer’s day, by being a lovely reader 
Tonight’s the night! Check out my cast and I in Holiday Inn Musical playing in theatres today!!!! Who knows maybe I’ll see you there 
We are! Loved meeting you 
You can’t win it if you’re not in it! 
'The Good Mother is a compelling emotional story.' Thank you! And ENTER for the chance to win a signed copy of THE GOOD MOTHER! 
My latest release! It's so good, you'll feel the sand between your toes 
Two years ago today I stood in awe for 8hours overlooking Clifton suspension Bridge and the total eclipse of the moon 
I could look at this all day 
Have you read the 
Our Class of 2013 
Really looking forward to it, Hannah, thanks again for having me on the show! 
Easy! Such a cool concept. Thanks for getting back to me! 
5 Scouse tweets from an epic weekend in 
Loved tonight's episode and seeing Jamie getting along with all his camp mates 
 as a fellow Electric Theatre student could you please retweet our poster for my next show in Swansea pleeease ? 
Our staff and volunteers have been hard at work renovating our new home today. It’s starting to take shape. We can’t wait for you to see it! 
We're glad that you think so Shari! 
Sound advice, pals. 
Thanks for letting us be a part of such a fabulous event last night 
Who is excited about my tour I can't wait! 
On our way to Killarney 3rd train today
I think that this photo is when I hit peak cuteness. 
Very interesting. Thanks for sharing. Time to get a paeds 
Always a pleasure Mr Heath 
That's all from us for today. We're back from 8am tomorrow. Don't forget you can get support on our online community too 
Super proud of this new collab with the legend 
Turned 17 today! 
My new track Atlas is out NOW on 
So so happy I managed to catch 
Treat everyone with kindness and warmth. Don’t hate. Don’t be rude. Don’t be an fool. We all know how to behave decently. Be bright, be adventure, but be sensible. Aim high. Achieve and believe. You’re all awesome. Keep smiling 
Another busy weekend coming up. I'm at the Normansfield Christmas Craft Fair at the Langdon Down Centre in Teddington on Saturday and in Radlett for 
It's Friday !  
Kaiet & Joama from the Basque Country visited us on 
A bit of colour to brighten up the grey days..
Always a pleasure to have Mr Brand at The Farm - we love a cupcake 
Congratulations to our childcare student Abigail Greenslade who is one of the top 5 nominations for the Inspirational Youth Award 
Thank you! She gives some perspective about how big and beautiful they are 
 team photo, well done all the students from North Warwickshire 
Join us to CELEBRATE Independent creative businesses on our alternative to Black Friday - INDIE FRIDAY!!Share your work & let's SHOP INDEPENDENT! Please retweet 
Bumped into these 'ladies' 
Now to the panel with 
Pleasantly surprised to be in the running for favourite Family Day Out in the 
 We received this lovely review at the weekend. It's so nice to see people enjoying what you have to offer. 
LORDY!!!!! I see 
We are delighted to announce that the team that ran Golowan in 2016 & 2017 has been awarded the contract to deliver the Festival in 2018!  
ALL THESE YEARS ON 
There are still five days left to vote. Please, if you haven't already, could you support this and ideally share? 
You're very welcome, 
Thank you for sharing pictures 
Catch up with my latest posts: 
I have some very passionate feelings on the driving test... 
Looks like I'm getting the cold grrrr! Oh well, on the bright side it's an extra excuse to drink loads of tea with honey 
Warming myself up with some hot chocolate 
When you're in the car and your song comes on 
About to cook rice in bamboo over the fire with the indigenous Li tribe of Hainan, China 
Love that face paint! 
NEW SONGS COMING OUT ON 10/6 INCLUDE (FOUND YOU, HEAVEN, WHATS MINE IS YOURS, AND SETTING THE NIGHT ON FIRE)!!!!!! TAG A FRIEND 
Definitely The Hobbit! It brings back so many memories to when I was a child 
Have a family day out and save yourself the hassle of driving & parking the car 
 Good morning to you! Thanks for sharing your marble love gertrudetornvall 
Want to collaborate with us? Get in touch! Reply to this with your blog and contact details 
#12 I Wanna Move To Australia - I Feel Like I'm in a Dream 
Hi, I’m a new blogger, would love to connect with other bloggers. I’ll follow back 
Remember to register before you leave! It only takes 5 minutes 
So happy to have opportunity to work with smallholder farmers in Africa & Asia & have support such as this! 
Next week I'll be talking about the 
Photo shooting with the first harvest in our new Basile 
More than 1,250 clean ups were held at out second 
Link's in my bio. 
 I used to be a 
Post funding, state of mind 
It was great meeting you at 
 Thank you for catching the show fam 
Disney On Ice is back next year, as Tinker Bell takes audiences on an enchanting pixie-dust filled journey of beloved Disney tales in a new show entitled Disney On Ice presents Dream Big. 
My great& lovely friend 
Wake up everyday in a good note, give your day a chance to make you happy! 
 The way everyone is lost but tweeting anyway 
Cant seem to help myself shimmer and 
Thank you for tuning in. Catch you same time next week. 
Like your moms Coochie 
A wonderful Tuesday morning! Everything  FOR MY HEAD
Any changemakers looking to develop their personal brands? Let me know: 
Don't let your dreams remain just 'DREAMS' .... be CREAM
happy friday to everyone, except 
Do you believe women should have equal pay? Paid maternity leave? That companies should allow their employees to utilize their sick leave to help a family member? If the answer is yes to all of these questions please consider donating to 9to5 Year-End campaign. 
I'm in! 
Basotho blankets: Seanamarena, Motlatsi, Kharetsa, Sefate, Khotso,etc.Know their names before calling them 
Proud to have travelled the long road to the Finale with both 
Me looking *very* happy in the British Museum for this inteview 
The (pretty boring) review for 
Had a *wonderful* time at 
Looking for a tasty, kid-friendly weeknight dinner the whole family will love? Look no father than this Spaghetti Macaroni! Inspired by my 2 yr old, it is certified kid approved 
No harm in a little bit of indulgence ... surely  
New job postings up now! 
I know quite a few of you are coming to this. It might be worth ordering tickets in advance...just in caseOsseous are the first band on at 8.00 pm so get there early. They are playing 3 songs from the ep plus some from forthcoming album.Looking forward to seeing everyone 
It feels very odd to not be off to Harrogate and 
It's all about the coffee beers at 
Our fourth(!) indigo dyeing and Shibori retreat will take place May 13th-15th 2018 with 
Celebrations at Easons in 
And also thanks to and feat. 
Well this is my first tweet today! 
Another highlight from yesterday's AMR conference at KCL - seeing our rainbow flag flying from the Australian High Commission at 
Nice to be here with 
Identified inappropriate antibiotic prescribing and resolved the issue with a doctor today! 
Good fun in the 
Awesome lunch with mi padre y mi madre in London today 
Looking forward to it!! Will be fun 
It's finally here. My new ad campaign with 
Good panel discussion to get things started 
Hooray! Thanks for the awesome feedback 
I was at Dalmarnock last week and thought you must have been chairing this meeting 
We are happy to be part of 
 amazing job on the panel at Play Summit 2017 
Having fun & making memories!!! 
i wish for all children around the world to have a chance to a good education and fulfil their potential throughout their entire life! -aisha 
We met some sweet girls in Gallup that came to give the Gov flowers 
Taylor Thomas asked why I call her Double T on twitter,  told her couldn't remember her name, she said you always day it, told her it takes too long to type 
Stopped by the Southern Christmas Show last night to explore and take snow requests 
Gap has a shirt I want to get for John$50. Let me know if yA get any good coupons yA don't want
we are delighted to share our 'real' kitchen
The biggest focus in 
our children were doing this in the forest today-it doesn't need an outcome or a tick in the box does it? 
Nearly Friday NQTs and all teachers! Well done on what I'm sure has been another great week 
we swatched our "magical forest" eyeshadow palette for you 
A lot of people get annoyed when others copy their every move... you should be flattered! I know I am 
Happy birthday to my best friend! Thanks for making me so happy
Nothing like a post-win autograph session in the locker room! 
Climbing up one more spot. STOP IT sitting at No. 4 in the tech house and YA DIDNT is almost there sitting No. 11 
I’m glad ya did that U - turn 
They're goin in ur room if you keep them 
“MANENO MAZURI HUTOA NYOKA PANGONI” (Good vibes remove the snakes from the holes) 
Looking forward to sharing the 
Music that HEALS, UNITES, UPLIFTS, ... What’s on your 
Wow so nice to hear for 
Sister, so funny how people choose the 'best' day to say hurtful words...still thank them.
OUR FIRST PROPER SHOW SINCE OUR RETURN!! TICKETS ON SALE FRIDAY 9amSet Your Reminders
Y’all know this don’t make no sense...  Georgia Dome gone!  Astrodome still standing
no worries man happy to support good music 
Side note: I’m here for the gender balanced panel 
Buffet lovers will love Le Comptoir! Feast on culinary delicacies from around the world
75 Independent Eateries to Try Before You Die | Leeds-List Hey 
Hey! Miss out on a table at today's Sunday lunch? Guess again. We've managed to jimmy some space after a couple of cancellations; so give us a call if you're hungry. Just look at those vegan yorkies. 
Let Cantina warm your bones with some Saturday soupy goodness. Guaranteed to shake off the wintery chill, our hearty wintertime dishes are all 100% vegan. Kind to you and the animals. 
It's official, only one more week until Cantina's third sell-out Sunday Roast in a row. If you managed to grab a ticket we'll see you there. 
Nice review of my gig 
Amazing to support the legend that is 
Wow very excited to have been nominated for an 
Boston Globe with list of best classical albums this year, so far. Our RIMUR amongst them, in good company!
Thanks so much for coming Claire. It was wonderful to see you 
Photo iD essential. You know the drill 
Morning Tweeters...it's fresh outside today...just right for a morning run 
Well I'm no numbers guy, but with 15,000 tickets sold for 
 Hey David thanks for the follow 
I have many happy memories from singing with this wonderful choir - 20+ years ago now though! 
I’m really excited to go to India for the first time next week and can’t wait to meet everyone in Goa for 
A fantastic day in a fantastic place meeting people and signing my book FEEL. Thank you to everyone 
! Good news. My first convention appearance! Who is coming to meet me at 
Stranger Things season 2 becomes the most in-demand US show
Team Alfs and Mike "Spike Edwards  spills the beans on Endurance Racing 
Well done folks - proud to be your mentor 
My cousin Phil and I
Mum's homemade Greek style lasagne 
Out for dinner with awesome friends
My fav Sat night activities until recently were clubbing it till the wee small hrs...now it's  comfort food watching Location Location 
For all those working in our emergency services tonight. Cheers very much for all your hard work. Please be careful 
Let's do this 
Right, I'm back in action today, and I just got my new books! To celebrate, I'm giving away one copy 
Thank you to the parents of our little heros of 2015 
A few pics from a great 
Congratulations and Thank you to all the Team at The Rotunda Foundation 
Gives us hope in the states.  
There will be signed photos available next week 
I was always premature 
Please try to help we have 4 famous people that have agreed to do same watch this space 
Thank you so much Louise 
Today Special : GOAT with chiminchuri 
Getting ready for the holidays around here 
We have a fully booked craft fair now... 
Jack Ma vs Ipman, Nov 11th midnight.
Both coming up, sir.. 
Plus awesome big bowls of hot steamy tonkotsu ramen, to warm your cockles!! 
Congrats Max. We’ve got great companies you can fund with all those $$
Rodney rocking the demo of the 
I’ve never related to Nikki as much as I do now. I HATE being vulnerable and breaking down infront of people. Thank you Nikki 
Ran into my girl 
 did great standing up in front of all the 
Calling all new members! Join us tonight in Baker Ballroom to catch up with your Rho Gamma group! Good times are guaranteed & refreshments will be provided - Hope to see you all there 
Thanks so much to everyone for donating to the school supplies drive! All of these items will be given to Kids on Campus 
had a lot of fun workin on dis bit w patti & 
I waited a couple o days as wishes were still arriving: now is time to thank you all for being so nice to me in remembering my anniversary!
Any suggestions on where to go 2m for a nice, relaxing drive and maybe an easy walk with my wee dog? I have cabin fever from being off sick!I Need nature and/or castles! 
Some beautiful photos! Thank you for posting them! Glad you enjoyed your trip 
Great seeing you as well!! 
Our new favorite event 
Love me some off season roster speculations 
Lovely feedback from some recent guests at 
So proud to see our CEO on the list! Huge congrats Jules 
Hope you like it - Deus Ex is a great choice 
My Glasgow Comedy Festival show is on sale now. Friday 23rd March 2018 
Whoop! Our premiere for ‘Guardians’ is SOLD OUT! Can’t wait to walk the red carpet 
Another screening for ‘Guardians’ 3rd Dec at The Genesis Cinema in Mile End! 
Like your moms Coochie 
Anyways the way this nikka woke me up 
Well. Now you know. You asked, you got 
Today at 2.15pm on 
Enjoyed being part of Skot Wilson’s new play Footsteps 
Every cast member did brilliantly well and should be very proud! 
You're so welcome 
A good friend of mine is involved in the organising of this lovely event in aid of an important cause. If you're around do pop in 
Thank you Autum. It was lovely to meet you too. Keep spreading joy with that gorgeous smile.
Thank you so much Autumn. It was lovely to meet you too. Keep smiling that gorgeous smile. X
Good morning from Heathrow! Tweet us if you're passing through or require any assistance today. 
In need of something to warm you up on your Monday evening commute? Pop into Costa Coffee at Brindleyplace and pick up a cup of happiness!
ICYMI! Drop into one of our London stores before Dec 15th to purchase the new 
Our dream 2 open 4 
We had a celebrity in at Waddesdon recently, he wa lovely and let us take a selfie 
Was great being at the Raindance Film Gala Event Network. A fresh place to find courage from the like-minded. 
As fellow holders of Stage 1, many congratulations! We are working towards Stage 2 
A very happy birthday from his namesake school 
 Horsham Festival. "A Slice of Hamlet" Horsham Park Human Nature Garden. Saturday July 9th. 1pm and 2pm . Come along! 
Next Thursday (30 Nov) the 
So much love for these guys! Still pinching myself ! Can’t believe we got to dance at The Blackpool Tower Ballroom! 
We are on route to Tower Ballroom. What an exciting day ahead 
OMG just when I thought 
Thank you for your answers 
It was an absolute pleasure to get to speak to design students and my old teachers at 
I love this little article in a local magazine 
Couldn’t be prouder of our very own 
The heartwarming moment when David Beckham surprised the amazing 
3-0 3 pointsTOP OF THE LEAGUE 
Today we handed over a Christmas hamper to a very grateful 
Always a great way to open out Winter Wonderland event! 
Great 3 points to end the month, super 
 Hi I would like to say that David Lloyd West End Southampton is my Happy Place a big thanks to everyone who works there. 
Our Primary schools competition is now CLOSED. Winners will be announced 8.30am on Friday. 
So happy that you'll be stocking 
And yes, the baby dino, also known as the baba-squid, really is a confirmed best boy 
Throwback... 2014, after winning my 2nd World Championship
The feeling is very much mutual 
i love her buns 
Thanks for being a great sponsor 
Discover the journey of 
Aw, shucks, 
We'll let our team know, Mikey. 
Thank you for your lovely words, mean so much to us and all the team 
thx so much! Raider Pride, huh?
Get the Underbust Bodysuit on BLACK FRIDAY November 24th at 50% 
Decided to put all my favorite country songs in one 
HAPPY HOMECOMING!!! What a fun surprise coming into this awesome locker room this morning 
Hey guys! New Twitter account 
Me too!! Thanks Scott! 
Relax and recharge! Happy Sunday you all 
The city of joy & its mouthwatering food! Tonight at 8pm, I am unfolding the 
What did the orange say to him. 
We are feeling all festive in the spa today ... the smell of mulled wine and mince pies is so enticing 
There's always time for tea! Visit us in Chipping Norton or Broadway, we'd love to see you 
 is just one week away! Get your gift in early to help the Animal Rescue Team and we’ll send you a collapsible travel bowl for your pet 
 great to see you, glad you enjoyed your breakfast! 
6 key things you need to know about microblading! 
The start of a new day. A beautiful one too. Lovely dawn light on Helvellyn and the Eden Valley this morning. Can see my home from my camp up 
Who saw Amy's spectacular installation at Lumiere? What a fantastic event 
We're looking for a Group Senior Web Developer to join our growing team! Know someone that might interested in this role? Please share or tag them below 
Day 2 of training. It never gets boring! 
Ahh that’s so kind 
 thanks for the print! It's so shiny 
We couldn't agree more 
A is for ACCESSIBLE SERVICE! We offer our services in Kirklees and Bradford and also have an Outreach Team! See our website for details 
Boston Tomorrow!You guys are about to be the biggest show so far. Got some floor tix left below 
I also got some merch 
All ready for 1000m2 
Thank you so much to all the people who came to the 
 concert sounded fab at 
The Amur Tiger - Sadly very endangered with fewer than 540 left in the wild. We are having a huge Black Friday sale this Wednesday. It will be running for 5 days. Stay tuned guys 
Don't forget it's our Fostering Information evening this Wednesday at the Town Hall from 6.30pm. Great opportunity to meet us & ask Q's 
Amazing food! Definitely recommend 
Cute lil' blog post about indie brands to look out for, including us! 
Happy to get the win tonight 
Great to see our 
After a couple of days sampling it, I can safely say the New Mexico DLC for ATS is amazing - the cities look fantastic and the general scenery is stunning! I also love the random events in game, a superb new addition. Nice work 
Let's hope life improves for the poor clown once his new journey begins! Thanks for sharing your insights with us
Last few days to vote for our 
This sounds like an exciting mission - maybe some of our 
Open to students 11-17. There is a course in Stirling in February 
So true. I will be letting my family know that if they're not sure what to get me for a gift, a beautiful picture book is the go to option! 
We have now added Tiny Owl to the map! Hope more indie children's publishers do the same 
We think you are all amazing 
SQA Maths exams today! We know we can count on you! 
Very well done to Charlotte, JayJay, Mia and James who competed at the Young Technology Competition today! You did us all proud! 
Muddy 10k this morning whilst listening to 
A reminder that there is a wide variety of activities on offer tomorrow night, including swimming! So please ensure you bring the appropriate kit and lots of water! 
We are lucky to have such talented Pupils 
Looking forward to getting into the festive spirit tonight 
Seems it was love at first sight 
Clever programming for kids 
Happy to be hosting at 
Good luck to our 
ITS THE WEEKEND - PUT A LEG UP - PEACE - FREDERICK CHARLES MCRAE 
Friendsgiving will be held here we'll bring the modern, glamorous kitchen to cook in...you bring everything else 
We have 2 dogs and a cat who are all big pals 
Can’t wait to see 
Only a few days left to register your place at December's Adolescent Lives conference, a cross-displinary look at all aspects of young people's wellbeing. 
 Budgens grand opening tomorrow at 11am.
You can see the wonderful Alford and a sneak peek of the fab  
Wonderful to be here 
You can’t win it if you’re not in it! 
COME AND JOIN what I honestly believe to be one of the very best professions and places to train as a Nurse!
Chris to win, you always go above and beyond and definitely should be recognised 
My thought from this week 
 moo mami makes even steak that looks this good better 
Happy international men's day!! 
Watch “C is for Community by Califia Farms” on 
Here at the Barking & Dagenham 
Thanks for highlighting this 
How could you not want to vote for this team?Take 30 seconds today & vote 
Fab blog -fits so well with ethos of 
Fantastic. “Rural” is definitely the place to be a GP - holism, clinical judgement. And in Powys there are some great schemes in place for “right care for the patient” including nurse triage, urgent care practitioners, physician associates 
First full time youth worker post in Wales within diabetes. Please RT 
You have until the end of today to make sure you're registered to vote. Your county, your vote, your say, your choice, because you matter. 
People who touch patient make change 
Say hello to your 2017-2018 First Year Council! We're excited for what the year will bring and hope you are too 
Well done Lynn!! You were awesome 
Building work is all completed at SOSS. We are back open 
Look out for our very special 
Listed building measured survey 
Passed through Dark Sugars on Brick Lane with Laura but too many chocolatey temptations so went to Yumchaa where they take tea seriously. Lounged on sofa for hours talking to my friend. 
Tomorrow is the big day, friends! To the good people of 
Thanks for sharing, Bette. 
Can't wait to see my Cali boys in Portland soon 
Time to stop taking care of me and start taking care of your new baby 
The way we feel every day! 
Can’t wait to get stuck into Jessica Hughes’ book about 
Exciting moment during today's Santa's Day Parade when I spotted a fellow New York Islander's fan!  We need to stick together!! 
The Indian Act is in North America so no goal posts were moved...sweetie. 
Without rain nothing grows. Learn to embrace the rainy days, and let your smile be your umbrella.
 Half term + St. Ives + 
Peaceful morning's walk 
Love Autumn in St. Ives. Walking around the quieter streets & beaches, wrapped up against the cold Atlantic wind 
PLEASE people put Talia Dean, Georgina , Jack & Joel and Leon through as Wild Cards 
Check our Facebook for the video 
Headed to 107 Grand Street hope to see you there! 
Never liked sprouts? These might change your mind! Thanks 
Breakfast sorted for tomorrow thanks 
Here’s the selfie I took during that scene in the movie. 
 Hope you enjoy this brudda 
I gotta go get this stinking flight! Sorry I couldn't do more, but thanks a lot for the questions, I'll do more next time 
What T-Shirt are you wearing today?
Bless baby Jesus for letting me have Embiid on my fantasy squad 
Real sound guys mix in Speedos.  Lol.  Hahahhahaha. 
If you would like to submit music to be played on my 
As am I! 
All booked and now counting the days till December!! 
Favourite lunch spot with @bearweaseldean , happy days! 
Doing it with the "R" 5 days a week!  No place I'd rather be than 
Excited to play Balasco this Saturday and play so much exclusive bass house tunes. Have nothing to do Thanksgiving weekend? I got that discount! DM me or just reply here! 
 It's worth the wait! Welcome back 
 Episode 1 coming soon!! 
Compliment someone today. 
You were all brilliant. Still loving the Fish & Chip counter masquerading as a piano 
Adam corner at the Sir John Soane’s Museum 
The birthday boy gets all the glam... thanks grandma 
So glad it went well! 
The law is a like a scalpel in the hands of the award winning  
At the Andrews Sports Med. w/Ivey for X-rays, etc. (please pray) and saw this on the wall. This is how you know you’re at the best orthopedic’s office in the whole world. 
Thank you, glad you had a good night 
Glad you enjoyed it bud. Hope all’s going well for you right now. 
That’s what it’s all about! Glad you had a great night 
I'm happy today.....my man is on his way home!!!! 
I'm so excited!!! Tomorrow I get my husband back after his trip to South Africa. I'm as excited as I always am on Christmas Eve!! 
When you get a lovely 'thank you' card, words can mean a lot. 
Thanks Michael, hope your keeping well, may see you at one of the events 
Mm who would I like to wish me a Happy Birthday today, probably 
I'm proud of the friendships I've made this year and the 
such a magical place, just booked our next retreat weekend for end of Feb 
Terrific! Let me know if you want to SKYPE. I was in New Orleans yesterday 
Such a warm start to the weekend 
Same to same...almost, but I feel he looks like MS Dhoni 
Life with ASD *new blog post*: 
Hey guys, just wanted to share my lovely lady’s illustrations 
I’m ready for a new hairstyle now
Join us at the 
Still doing the rounds, still in a lot of DJ-Bags n playlists. Grab your copy 
Now who loves a good old fashioned dippy egg and soldiers 
Fitting venue for tonight’s 
Thank you! We're so pleased that you enjoyed 
We're going to assume he's talking about us, in which case, stop it you 
Damn it’s good to wake up to having 
My 2 logo design ideas for the ncs T-shirt competition 
Gives us hope in the states.  
Looking forward to meeting young Adam on Friday 
I actually ended up ordering a few last night I loved it so much. So once my order is ready for collection will be popping in to see you guys soon 
Woohoo - snuggle up it's Sunday! 
Stepping out on the majestic stages of 
Good morning & Happy Friday!! 
It's Friday!! The George team are back & here until 10pm 
Happy Monday! We hope you had a lovely weekend 
Good morning & happy Tuesday! The team are here until 10pm to answer your George tweets 
To who, what and where do we belong? The mind is reeling! Thankyou 
Love Edinburgh at Christmas time 
Nice article and support from 
My Jack arrived this morning and it's DIVINE 
Never be embarrassed to do the things you love 
 hello, I wonder if u could RT? We r an am dram group performing A Christmas Carol at the 
Mans universal way of showing Respect & making up 
Well done to Miss Leitch, 
Such an incredible book! 
26 Young Ambassadors using their in service day to gain some Competition Organiser Training 
Just to let you all know ‘The Snow Child’ by 
Not to mention co-authors of the next 
Starting my day with coffee and a book (seeing 
Just LOVEEEEE listening to You on The Outlander cd, plus watching You On the screen..... Just heaven....THANKYOU SOOOO MUCH 
10 more days till I go to the Tower of London for the 
Chunnaic mi sin an dè - bravo a h-uile duine! Poetic recalling of another way of life...is bha uisge beatha ann 
After an amazing and surreal evening on the TV last night, it’s straight back to gigging, and this morning we were warming up the runners for the 
My CNF piece "Corpus" about a Stradivarius violin & my desire to transform is in 
Could anyone who was at this year's Official Opening Ceremony please make sure that they returned translation headsets that were provided on the night. A few have not been returned. Please phone us if you find one! Taing 
Thank you Alex & everyone who contributed to make 
Iona's take on extreme reading 
I'd like to give free access to this course to women/POC students who want to learn web development! Please retweet and share! 
Sunday enrichment! Talk to strangers Ziferblatters 
I love a good sale 
Sitting in a cafe and the little girl at the table near me is reading a book. An actual book . Not a Kindle or a phone. This pleases me
So excited to meet the girls of Presentation school here in Tralee and the girls in Castleisland after.  
Some snaps from day 2 of 'The Tomb in the lab' for 
We are chuffed with ourselves to have won 'shop layout and design' award 
It looks like Geoffrey has found a lovey new home in 
If you go down to the Crawford today...Good morning 
Inaugural West of England 
We’ve got a couple of cracking reds on tasting, and a bunch of exciting events coming up! Come in to find out more 
Thank you so much! Yes it is lovely! The quality is beautiful 
Exciting Band 5 opportunity available! Come along for an informal visit and meet the team 
 Thanks so much for visiting 
To our aspiring chemo nurses have a look at the macmillan websites very informative! Great source of information for patients and for staff learning 
From my last visit 
Baby George trying out his 
Hi Ria, welcome 
Lovely to see you 
The longest horizon crescendo... 
C R A Z Y !!!guess i need your support here!
I've been making 
Celebrating my amazing nephew Joshie and fabulous niece Ada on 
You gotta love football. People spend the week slagging off Batshuayi and Willian then Saturday comes and they win you the game 
Thank you all very much for the birthday wishes... you made my day magical 
Sit back be quiet & watch people self destruct how silence is golden 
Active girl who loves a game of fetch 
Long year out but so good to finally get back on the rugby pitch yday. Massive thanks to everyone who put up my grumpiness over the months
Looking forward to our Charity Race Night tonight & raising lots of funds for our Multi-Sensory Room 
Fantastic night! Massive thank you 
Here's the full tune I made with 
C u s h i o n s  D a y.  I’ve been up since the crack of dawn packing my cushions (including these pink Thistle velvet ones spotted here 
I had 4 pairs of your socks arrive yesterday....3 for my son including Star Wars.....he's one super happy lad 
You're so cute but you're such a dork. 
Officially welcoming our new OT’s to the OT team 
Fantastic and engaging presentation by 
It was the only place we could! We left it so last minute and everywhere else is made to order - thanks for the help! 
This photo says it all 
Ooh it's on! 6th Dec at 7.30pmThe Liverpool Beer Collective Christmas party over 
Me love. My names Cynthia how’s your day been 
Like walking into a painting 
Thank you for my birthday wishes 
Look at our warehouse now 
@SweetWordsUK you too 
Celebrate our 20 year anniversary and watch our wonderful head brewer work his magic this Saturday for our open brew day! 
Fabulous box of Betty's cakes in dressing room at Forum Northallerton. Proper northern welcome! 
I would like to say a huge thank you to everyone for all the support, likes, shares and comments, I really do appreciate every single one 
This feast for the eyes is a banquet for the belly 
PLEASE RT! We're on the lookout for a baker/pastry maker who can manufacture our gyoza wrappers. Any tips welcome 
I have many happy memories from singing with this wonderful choir - 20+ years ago now though! 
Honored to be on 
Nursery have been looking for shapes! We were super shape detectives. 
Hit me with your favourite way to stretch high attainers in the classroom, Twitter. (Planning CPD, RTs appreciated & especially looking for non Maths responses 
You totally rock, Nisha.. 
Nice to meet you 
This week we are hosting a great selection of 'Skate & Donate' nights here at Icescape. Yesterday we raised money for the 
Feelings are mutual Dylan, looking forward to seeing you 
Hot drinks taste so much better in festive mugs 
this is youtube gold by my friend ash 
If you want a masterclass in effortlessly beautiful songwriting, check out 
Dear community organizers: you got it all wrong. You just need a 
Good panel discussion to get things started 
We believe a chilly day like today calls for a cup of hot cocoa (with marshmallows!), a cozy sweater, and our Satin Hands Pampering Set 
What was said about 
We’re “driving” on cloud nine—this fabulous donation raised $42,500 at 
The ribbon was cut, and were headed in 
Beautiful views on this drive from LA to Phoenix 
dont forget to presave my song with 
Thanks Nick for the love! 
wait til i tell him i fixed the bug and also have adhd 
Seeing a physical award is like winning all over again. Yay for awards 
Hope everyone is having a lovely 
For some of you who haven't seen THE MEETING produced by 
Don’t let another “human” have so much control over you.. 
Thank you - It was nice to meet you ! 
Saturday came with flowers. 
It's just too easy to make me happy.  
It's SHOW DAY!!!!!!! I seriously cannot wait for you guys to see what we have tonight....... a bit of Deja Vu 
Still in his kit 
Thought it best to just explain that I was offered funding but chose to turn it down! Thanks for all the supportive tweets though, means a lot! Now just to get back to the main task of running as best I can 
Humbled by your support. Thank you 
This makes my day: when I get emails from people who took my training that they got the glitcher up and running 
Hello...From 16yrs to no-limit 
Alright, let's give this Steady Divine business a rest now.
Since Sanchez got to ArsenalArsenal - 2 FA Cups.Man City - £400m, 1 League Cup.But Sanchez wants to go there to win UCL.
Copies of our three newly released books are now available at:
Get your copies here: 
happy birthday gorgeous girly
happy day late birthday 
Believe in miracles! 
YEAH .  Can’t wait 
When you receive a thank you @ work, it really brightens your day 
It's half way through the working week! 
Just a reminder, 
For every retweet this gets, Pedigree will donate one bowl of dog food to dogs in need! 
We’re almost ready for Christmas, how about you? 
 is simply awesome !!
Because December is magical, we're giving you a treat! It's reindeers for the 12th, and elves for the whole month! So whenever you want fun, start inflating yuletide characters and post them with the tag 
I hate drawing typography but this time it turned out just fine
NYC!!!! See you February 11th 
Loved the trailer,really looking forward to this
This was such a blast! Can’t wait to play more 
Thanks to all who came to my 
Honoured to be the Pick of the Day at 
Aboriginal Midwives catch up 
Offering the best seats in the house everyday 
What a great day at the North Down Craft Collectives 4th Birthday market 
Couldn't agree more 
What a day this was! Took this while watching 
Always good times working with the very beautiful and talented 
Check out the new album of the one and only
Playing with texture with @martinatolot_photo 
What an incredible day 
Ready to make a difference as APS fine & performing arts coordinator! 
Back at the top of the tree again, Peter and the Wolf CD hits no. 1 for a 2nd time tonight! 
Right on Mike!! Thanks for being a great advocate and supporter. 
What I imagine doing when some a guy on the street goes “you should smile honey!”    
Thank u for all the birthday love yesterday 
DTLA just got a whole lot better today 
Check out the latest interview I did for 
Ah mate how lovely 
What a Happy Birthday 
Loved walking the carpet last night with our daughters 
I can’t with this dress man. You are a magical dressmaker with Harry Potter-like skills! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! 
Ran into my girl 
Before I frame this picture and hang it in my office to stare at like a creepy stage 5 clinger I thought I’d share it with y’all 
If anyone was wondering what 
I’m gonna go ahead and say thank you for helping make it happen as well 
dont forget to presave my song with 
Cheer up! A new 
Upgraded our showroom with new reception desk and sales desk. Away goes the old "sales tower". 
happy birthday Jo!! hope you're enjoying your day!!
Happy birthday Liv, hope you have a great day
“What do you want to be when you grow up?” 
I had to cook dinner & bathe kids at same time to make sure my husband voted 
Awesome, thank you 
Also, not buying things sold in plastic bottles in the first place would be a BIG help. 
For those of you asking to add me, here’s my Friend ID 
Ally Pally is all sold out 
21 Bayonet Slaughters left to give away today!Can we get 5k retweets in 1 hour?
Thank you so much for 350k followers!
I’m really excited to go to India for the first time next week and can’t wait to meet everyone in Goa for 
A fantastic day in a fantastic place meeting people and signing my book FEEL. Thank you to everyone 
Good tough Event today at 
These guys just make you smile 
Come down to our Staples Corner store today for a party! Snot and other special guests will be there 
Calendars now available for pre order 
WE R GIVING 1 LUCKY PERSON THIS WATCH, all u have to do is donate £5 to the SA Fund b4 9pm Sun Nov 5th! 
Please see link in picture if you fancy the chance of winning 
Your Reno Bighorns have scored over 100 PTS! That means FREE Gelato from 
Thanks so much for coming Raj! It was lovely to meet you. 
Having a wonderful evening with 
What an outstanding performance from 
Always plenty of helpers in a family business 
The future is bright, the future is green 
Just ordered room service for a $1.50 garlic bread 
3rd in class at 
I’m excited! See you all tomorrow 
Rehersal tomorrow (WED!) at lunch time and P5 in E107 for Christmas lights switch on on Sunday 
Sing a long - THIS THURSDAY! - this is where we give you / teach you all the audition material. See you in E107 after school 
Could all pupils that performed in Dear Evan Hansen please meet in E107 at lunch time on Wednesday 
We scored some smiles unveiling a new mini-pitch in Denton, TX with 
 is one good looking chocolate man like dt good ole 
Never liked sprouts? These might change your mind! Thanks 
Breakfast sorted for tomorrow thanks 
One of the best moments of the day… enhanced by 
Playful colors to start a new day with optimism. 
Who's looking forward to a cosy Sunday morning breakfast with friends and family? 
Ah, we love this, 
It is part of a radio tour. I am a guest of the radio show - not part of my tour 
Had a very long day today BUT I met a lot of you all at the mall 
Goodnight baby :) 
I can’t wait for tommorow 
Where are you taking your Kobo eReader this Winter holiday?
With the cold weather upon us, professional foodie Kat Romanow shared with us her favourite cozy food memoirs you can curl up in bed with.
Starting our weekend off with a new read. How far along are you in your current read?
Champion of the 6ix, 
Remember, if you are feeling tired or stessed then follow the advice on this bench... 
Thank you so much to all who joined & made 
 you made this for my friends last time you were here in Pensacola! He was too big for it when he was born. This was just taken --he turns 1 tomorrow! 
I can't believe how far this kid has come! 7 years old & heading to Level 6 this year. Rocking her 
Tickets on sale! Book for a fun evening & help us support a superb 
Great to meet the new MD at 
I took over the 
What a gorgeous Autumn path the dogs have for their walks 
Good morning Skyline conservation grazing cattle! Seen here quietly munching away on Sham Castle Down 
Thank you very much for your support 
Come and see us and pick up your free Christmas Market Guide 
Two of my lovely friends are hosting this, check it out 
My pleasure! Always enjoy sharing my story 
I would like to say a huge thank you to everyone for all the support, likes, shares and comments, I really do appreciate every single one 
I'm so incredibly happy to have this gallery on the BBC Wildlife website, thank you so much. 
A lovely autumnal image from a couple of weeks ago, I hope everyone is having a lovely weekend. I've decided that after this weekend I'm going social media free on the weekends unless something really exciting happens! 
Wow ... OK... So 3 things I love about this tweet.. 1)You are feeling festive (yay) 2)The Cathedral Christmas Market (because it's awesome) 3)The word resplendent (just is not used often enough) 
How cool was Stormzy last night at Judges Houses 
If you're being bullied, or know someone who is, here are 6 tips of things to do!  
Today's space fact  
Great job, team Willow 
Some really great performances 
Happy half term! Have fun, stay safe and come back with fully charged batteries 
Glad to see that astronauts take chocolate into space 
Sydney! Hi! Here until Monday 
We had fun at NAPA today 
Next Thursday (30 Nov) the 
Stay calm and ready 
Good morning .. you can whatsapp me on 0728822149 or call me on 0660495772 for more information about the shoes .. Thank you 
 Budgens grand opening tomorrow at 11am.
Ending this run on a high note (no pun intended 
Tonight and Tomorrow! 
Liliose: By the way, if you're not a KCB customer, worry not. Simply dial *522# and open your account today 
Totally forgot to tweet this, so re-tweeting Jo's tweet instead... 
Thanks for checking on her, 
On our way to Killarney 3rd train today
Thank you! Here's hoping for benevolent peer reviewers
Who saw Amy's spectacular installation at Lumiere? What a fantastic event 
I'm on Instagram, come and follow me there 
New video up on my channel! I used the 
Hah there's our new coffee table in 
Our volunteers are the best! They have these lines running as smooth as can be 
The day keeps rolling along for 
Have you donated yet?? Check out our website to find a location near you! 
Had such a great time at 
Thanks for letting us know Melanie.  We’ll be sure to recognize Matthew, aka “jump start angel!”
Wrote a song with 
Yay! Thank you so much 
Happy happy business as usual at RELAY on Concession.  Come for coffee 
Five weeks til Christmas means (among other things)  five weeks to enjoy RELAY's EggNog Cold Brew.  The fridges are stocked up! Delish 
Tomorrow is the Hamilton Santa Claus Parade & the 
Cards Against Humanity can definitely give you a good hard laugh even if you’re feelin blue. 
  has some great items. Take advantage of this great offer & snag yourself some goodies 
Stand up comedy gig tonight at the stoneboat Kimmage peeps gonna be a great night 
We are here setting up the media lounge for the National HIV Retreat which begins tomorrow 
 will be in Clarendon this Saturday!! Remember to RSVP for our session
 Want a great J1 summer job for you and your friends? Come along to our J1 Hiring Day in the Mont Clare Hotel, Dublin, on November 30th between 10am and 4pm 
Good morning ladies! 
Can't wait to see the calendar! This is my shot for April! 
Phone call from Mam... "you're on the telly again tonight"...! the infamous Hebridean Way... off road as much as possible of course 
Great news for the Isle of Lewis yard 
Looking forward to this today with 
Well, well, well... if it isn’t our 
Congrats 2017 Kerry Rose Breda O Mahony! 
This one looks like a sure shot winner congratulations team 
Great to see Gareth getting out on the bike since organising the duathlon 
Thank you so much for today 
Our pleasure! We had a great time 
Excited to show you my two videos today. Some absolutely fantastic goals in both and a crazy transfer offer in the Huddersfield CM, our biggest fee received in the series by some distance! 
Thank you to all our parents who were out in force supporting both the U14 & u16 teams 
working on my new years day speech for warehouse project, which will include poetry, word play, shakespeare quotes and personal secrets. 
Of course it stands! 
This is great for our game 
We'll take two thanks! 
A great feeling to get our first 3 points today. A total team effort! 
Holidays are all about celebrating with the family and friends. And when it comes to making the most of celebrations, Hershey’s Holiday Miniatures make it all the more fun 
Get to know some of the cast of 
I'm so excited because my book P.S. I Forgive You was nominated for 2017 Readers Choice Awards! Please vote at 
What fun when he's around !! 
Friends: I have ONE ticket for the Track World Cup in Manchester Friday 10th November pm session, £53.25, anyone want? Please share 
Resting is just as important than training
 will be receiving my sponsorship £’s tomoro from doing the 
Aaw thank you, Tim! That's very kind 
Episode #003 of the 
Just published my new website if u fancy checkin it out. Will be adding content as time goes on. Much love all 
What % of your life do you waste caring about what people think? How about spending that time doing stuff that moves you towards your goals instead?Try it. You’ll be too busy to care after a while, I promise. 
If anyone out there is auditioning hard, maybe check out my latest YouTube VLOG episode, cos I am too! 
Self tape from earlier init. 
David would like to argue that writing your acting website content in the third person when you clearly wrote it yourself makes you sound pretentious. David knows you wrote it and he thinks it would be lovely if u showed even more of yourself by writing honestly instead 
Anyone out there need help with their TV script? Email me  at davidwilliambryan@gmail.com with your work (especially comedy sitcoms) and I’ll do my best to to help. I’m really passionate about helping people get better. Beginners in particular. So hit me up. Much love all. 
Morning folks! I’ve started a VLOG to show the hustle of being an actor/writer. I’d love for you to check it out> 
And then my legs whispered to me...”there’s nothing wrong with another rest day.” So I listened. 
So. Damn. Grateful. 
Two Save the Dates for August 2018 already 
Every cast member did brilliantly well and should be very proud! 
China is definitely pretty at night 
Everybody's gonna love today, love today, love today 
Bless you thank you 
Okay peeps,if you have been acting all "Doubting Thomas" concerning the 
We have a great promotion for day in aid of 
 WEEKEND TEAM CHALLENGE:Please FOLLOW 
My walk to work 
I just wanted to take a moment and say "thank you" to everyone for taking time to wish me a happy birthday from all over the world! I am such a lucky girl 
Thank you for being amazing 
Enjoy your well-deserved day off tomorrow! 
Here's to another great week at 
Had this during the week, soooo nice 
Is there a queue? Just goes to show what a gorgeous man you are 
Thanks to everyone who voted for us. Was the perfect end to a brilliant Blackpool! 
This arrived in the post today - thank you 
Love these happy little messages from 
Delighted to do the honors of chatting with 
Feeling hot hot hot will never be quite the same 
Glad you had a great time - see you soon! 
'Bristol's first salt beef bar is open - and it's truly wonderful.' 
Toasty days and nights by The Cellar House 
Looks amazing- thank you for sharing 
We love receiving photos from those who love our foodie landscape! Glad it brightened your day this morning, Eugene 
So, brewing up a fresh batch of our Winter porter today, Smokey smells alert, we love it, Norfolk's original winter porter 
Not all winter beers are dark our amber red Xmas Mash up, fruity spicy and light 
Looking forward to dinner 
Incredible doesn't even begin to describe it! What an amazing experience - you guys are THE BEST!!! Thanks again, everyone 
We really enjoyed working with 
Having a Bridget Jones day 
Glad you like it 
Our Java Coffee doesn't half get around 
We have just taken delivery of our state of the art top of the range waffle&crepe makers. Not long 2 go now
Excellent water quality announced for Portreath again today 
Are you expecting your first baby in January? We'd love to hear from you! 
Now, now son! 
Lesson for life-You must live strong. Strong not in terms of how much you can push something or someone, but strong within yourself.Good 
Hearthy is featured on Disruption Hub 
I got to talk to aspirational students from both Hamstead Hall & St Francis of Assisi about 
Such an exciting morning 
We're thrilled to be hosting the 
Reviewing light concepts with Laser Maze! ITL is a win-win! Kids engaged = happy teacher 
Best feeling getting home and having pet cuddles ! Missed my animals 
Finally made it to Grenoble! Can’t wait to compete this week! 
Very proud with my 
Getting ready for this weekend !  
Such an amazing day out enjoying the fall weather at the pumpkin patch 
Health research showcase at University of Salford tomorrow. Starts 1pm. Its free 
Ha ha so true!! Thanks for all of your help! 
Aged 18-25? I'm running a Board Game Night today for 
Love a day that starts with a client visit, and a day job/mini makeover in the bag 
Monday! & only 31 sleeps to go till.............Winter solstice & longer days 
Winter's almost here, so let's make the most of 
So happy! Me and my dad will be running the 
Happy birthday Mark!! Hope you're having a brilliant day 
11 of the 12 pies we entered into the British Pie Awards came away with an Award. 
The final bow for 
Success don't come over night. If you fall you need to pick yourself up again and again. 
The winner of the 
Have you thanked a teacher recently?  
We've been there 
Donna is talking about the intervention 'Act Up!' for children who have emotion processing difficulties. Some activities include:Acting out facial expressions 
Coach Ty Lue and i 
Finally in my hotelroom after a exhausting day! 
Last day in Brazil 
Thanks Kenny!!!! 
This is me with Grads from both 
Why don't I moto camp every time I camp? Perfect combination of my 2 favorite things 
Picture in picture! 
It’s way to early.  But WV here I come 
Thank you for your support! Hope you had a great evening 
Great article on House of Straus 
Operation School Bell campaign is up and running! Click the link to find out more on how you can help  
Try to name a cuter family, we'll wait 
We’re “driving” on cloud nine—this fabulous donation raised $42,500 at 
Everybody's favorite ass-kicker 
Podcasted about this today! 
Sunday with the family 
Help us wish a VERY happy birthday to a woman who helps keep Kalitta Motorsports on track -- our Team Manager 
This is the ish right here... 
Red carpet ready... Meeting some friends along the way 
Who is excited that it’s Thanksgiving week?!?!?! We are
Very happy to have met 
Winona, Cara, Gaten, Millie, Caleb, Finn, Sean, Dacre, Charlie, Natalia, Joe, Paul, John, Rob, Brett, Noah, Sadie, Linnea, SusanSo proud
We raise over ONE MILLION dollars tonight for childhood cancer research! A big thank you to all our donors and athletes who helped make this possible - we're simply awestruck 
More gorgeous autumn colours on the Douro River 
Hugely proud to be publishing the Secret of Vesalius today! It was sold in eighteen countries worldwide, and now the UK is ready to discover the secret . . . Congratulations 
THE BEST FOUR MONTHS OF THE YEAR START NOW! HERE WE GO FOLKS! 
Check out my interview with the amazing 
Big love thank ya! 
 is simply awesome !!
Hope you enjoyed it 
Can’t wait to play in this all star game 
What a great piece of wisdom!  This one struck a chord with me today!  
Yesss!! Couldn't be more deserving. Such a big impact on so many people, me included 
Celia Peerless is Scotland's BBC 
and young brat zone 
Hey Anja. How's it going? Had a great time! Such a fun with the boys. Loads of laughs. 
Nice companions! Cycloops & 
We Love Summer: Plettenberg bay! Munnibrotherz are on at 19h00 this evening 
Headed to 107 Grand Street hope to see you there! 
How i sleep knowing i ain’t shit 
Rodney rocking the demo of the 
Opening night in Vegas was a blast! WOOHOO! 
Woo hoo!!!  I can’t wait!!! 
Our guys and girls are gearing up for the biggest night in the Impact calendar! Make sure you know where to view where you are 
Thank you, Chuck! Please pass along my thanks to your wife & I hope you both have a great Thanksgiving! 
Turning on the NFL pregame and seeing packer hater Troy Aikman and Joe Buck calling the game. 
 I think someone heard the suggestions you kept brining up over the last week about our area corporations not stepping up to save the parade. Whoomp there it is
 Happy Thanksgiving to you!! Thanks for bringing us the AM news with some fun n laughs 
I love a good sale 
Loved walking the carpet last night with our daughters 
I can’t with this dress man. You are a magical dressmaker with Harry Potter-like skills! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! 
Ran into my girl 
Before I frame this picture and hang it in my office to stare at like a creepy stage 5 clinger I thought I’d share it with y’all 
If anyone was wondering what 
I’m gonna go ahead and say thank you for helping make it happen as well 
THANK YOU BRI!! You’re the BEST!! 
I challenged my PLT mentees to pass 10 focus areas 
When you go shoppin for comics today, grab first issue of Simsolo & Bezian's DOCTOR RADAR published by 
And to end my day at 
Very much looking forward to welcoming 
Always a pleasure meeting 
Thanks for coming Matt. It was great catching up and discussing growth plans 
Hello and good morning from Mia, Denny and Sophie. 
It was an honour to be a part of such a fantastic initiative 
Had an absoultely fantastic time at 
In studio - work mode, tracks for a new film are shaping really well, God willing it should touch gold, cheers and thanks for all your love and support 
Thank you for the OVERWHELMING love for 
My fans are the best! 
 hobo diya bhool hol saage excitementot... when the intentions are good everything is ok.
Hoping to meet you soon ! 
Everyone loved the trip to 
Ref has final word to both teams 'it's a contact sport, get used to it!' Love it 
Keep your eyes peeled while watching Strictly this weekend!!!
Keep your eyes peeled when watching Strictly Come Dancing this weekend!
Throwback... 2014, after winning my 2nd World Championship
 as a fellow Electric Theatre student could you please retweet our poster for my next show in Swansea pleeease ? 
Good things happening with great people. 
Always a pleasure Mr Heath 
Y'all know I'm geeked out right? I love my boys 
So this is the 2nd day of my healing process after my hair transplant. Goodbye traction alopecia 
Wondering where to watch 
You guys, I had the BEST TIME at the 
Group yoga session with the fitness team at Virgin Active Live 
You've made it through the week! Treat yourself to a new COACH Bag (on sale)! 
Unexpected mail - one of the best surprises in life. Thank you 
Whooooooooopppppppp Ladies and Gentlemen, MISSION ACCOMPLISHED! 1000 
Looking forward to hearing about tomorrow's challenges in today's buildings 
How to make a writer’s day, by being a lovely reader 
I’ve never related to Nikki as much as I do now. I HATE being vulnerable and breaking down infront of people. Thank you Nikki 
We are! Loved meeting you 
You can’t win it if you’re not in it! 
Just over a week since 
The book is for girls & boys. Workouts and meal plans for both Male & female 
That's a nicer picture! The Foilco gang collecting their amazing 
Very welcome Abbey! Glad you enjoyed it 
Thanks so much for sharing guys 
Great start to our Foil Workshop today at 
Now to the panel with 
Never liked sprouts? These might change your mind! Thanks 
Breakfast sorted for tomorrow thanks 
If you aren't already, go follow me on Spotify! 
 Mmmmm, bamboo This red panda enjoying a snack, taken by 
We had a celebrity in at Waddesdon recently, he wa lovely and let us take a selfie 
Thank you for chatting to me 
Amazing Vietnamese souvenirs for kids (but adults will love them too 
Thank you. Feeling very proud 
what a special time this was. 
It sure was! Good luck to all involved 
Had a lovely time chatting to 
 STEMtastic -- the next generation of 
If it’s anything like last years event - its one event anyone involved with Social will not want to miss! That and 
Beautiful to hear the twins both singing me happy birthday today.
Thanks so much to Emiratesfir allowing us to use your lounge to freshen up before taking the baby home 
Me and the roomie 
We've very happy to hear that Anna, you're making us blush 
Mr Harvey will be happy - hey 
Can you spot the Sara? 
And I'm proud to live on such a beautiful island 
The video is out 
Just one week to go... ;)Next Monday 27/11, it's the 
Happy birthday Mark!! Hope you're having a brilliant day 
Nice to get another winner on the board with Born Legend 
The heartwarming moment when David Beckham surprised the amazing 
I won the Irish Fencing Open!
Special screening tomorrow hosted by the beautiful 
Sure aren't we great 
Delighted to get thru to the last 32 of the NI Open here in Belfast,back on tomo again,homebound now just in time to watch 
To whoever sent this, thanks!
Why not pop over to our stand at the 
We love this collage of a recent wedding we hosted 
Such an honour to able to say that I've won the 2017 Bernadette Greevy Bursary. 
The "army of trolls/socks" used as an excuse to censor r/Bitcoin? 
The countdown has begun! St. Patrick's Day is near! 
In times of despair, seek clarity from Sir Winston's observation. 
Just because it's on the Internet, doesn't make it "fact!"
It's almost Christmas, call a "buddy" and check in to see if they're doing okay. 
As Remembrance Day approaches, please wear a Poppy and take a few minutes to reflect on our Freedom and thank a Veteran! 
Almost Halloween. Ignore the Cold Weather and Trick-or-Treat!
Almost the weekend ... Ensure you make time for Good Friends! 
C'mon Jays - More dingers and less strikeouts! 
Giddy Up Blue Jays! 
This Elephant Rocks!  And counters the negative Tweets of the day! 
Good morning everyone.
Team Canada Women's Soccer beating Germany is "what's happening!" Go Canada Go! 
Fist Bump to Team Canada Olympics from U12 Girls Gloucester Dragons Soccer in Ottawa. Go Canada Go! 
Well Done Blue Jays!  Keep It Going! 
Thank you for your support of veterans and DAV, 
I'd like to give free access to this course to women/POC students who want to learn web development! Please retweet and share! 
Resting is just as important than training
Match photos from Saturday AK2XV (17) vs 
Training WILL be on tonight! 82 stagecoach bus is what you need 
 My Ss Love the creativity and fun that they get from playing with Monster!! 
Proud to sponsor such a fantastic initiative. Congratulations to 
Ever wondered why your curls never stay? 
Lovely part time position available. Please retweet and share 
Never thought Id see my art on a toilet door! 
We are receiving amazing feedback from this project! Thank you 
 Thank you everyone for your retweets & support this week. Have a GR8 weekend! 
The ‘Electric Warm Up’ is now LIVE! 
Finally reunited with my long lost brothers
I fu**ing love extended sets! 
What a night!!! Still sleepy but damn, that was AMAZING 
One hundred things that make me happy! 
TONIGHT! FREE ENTRY w/ sounds supplied by Baba Stiltz, DABJ & Big Miz. 
All ADVANCE tickets now gone - 80 will be held on the door, please get down early to avoid disappointment 
Just 10 adv. tickets left for 
After a few days off in Miami, I'm on my way D.C. to continue the 
Once you’re done with that Kate we’ll have Season 2 on 
Amazing!! Thank you all so much for such an incredible show of support. We are all incredibly grateful to you for raising funds to support our work and for such fantastic awareness. 
London we are playing tomorrow at 
Our new website is online : 
We’ve got a rainy day ahead of us but our botanical houses will be lovely & warm. We’ll be open 10am until 5pm today with last entry at 4 
Thanks for being a great sponsor 
Start your week with a brand new episode of CityCast: we're talking energy, environment, and how to make the world a happier & healthier place 
Join me and OnePlus this week for the OnePlus 5T 
Hey thanks, Ed! As ever with 
NEW VIDEO: OnePlus 5T vs iPhone X Speed Test! RT's appreciated 
Was great hanging out with 
We wish everyone a terrific Summer week, and take time to listen to Nature!  
I would like to say a huge thank you to everyone for all the support, likes, shares and comments, I really do appreciate every single one 
Thank you so much for the wonderful shout Jacqueline 
....THANK YOU to 
Oh, thank you Helen. I shall add these to my list of books. Enjoy your day too 
Absolutely lovely to connect. In a former life was RGN major head and neck/orl, so we have more in common 
Best of luck in the 
Ok, we won't argue... thanks for the kind words!
Thinking about ministry in rural context 
Super T leadership day - taking 
First round of workshops at 
I'm very, very proud to announce that I've just been appointed joint coordinator for the 
Getting my morning coffee saw this and thought of you and our fab 
NEWS | We're delighted to have been named as a 'recommended artist' by the 
Good Morning, Glasgow. IT'S FRIDAY!
I've taken my 
Gooooood morning to all my twitter followers, today is another rainy day in scotland but that wont stop the smiles in Deaf Connections!
The best way to spread Christmas cheer is singing loud for all to hear. 
We can't wait for this next week! We'll be joined by the wonderful 
And Auntie can't wait to see you! 
Glad you had an awfully good time! 
Hope you enjoyed the show! 
Thanks for the kind words! So glad you enjoyed the showsy-wosey! 
Great night last night
Why not spend some time this Sunday evening getting clued up on all things 
F&F press day .... SS15 like heaven 
First Time Directors Seminar just about to kick off in Belfast, great turn out too 
Great to have you both in store. Thank you 
Thanks Fram... really kind of you to say. Much appreciated 
Truly brilliant to see this happen. Congrats 
Lovely to have a surprise today and go for lunch with 
It's beginning to look a lot like Christmas - Belsize Village 
What a treat we have lined up this fine Sunday 
Can you see your fave flavour? Our factory shop is now open! Thanks to everyone who stopped by today to see us 
In at no 13 lovely 
Just what you need on a cold rainy Tuesday, a lovely roaring fire at 
Want to customise your Hyundai Tucson? Mr & Mrs Burham did. Thank you for your custom and choosing SG Petch 
Fairy tail in the wood 
Wine festival at Balaton 
Never let your wings be stolen from you 
Relax time at Balaton lake 
It was great to meet Michele 
Who watched the WTCC today?Michelisz finished on 2nd place with an amazing drive 
Special shoutout to Mark S. for showing us his mushroom growth using the hashtag 
Some aquaponic news for your Thursday 
We are going LIVE at 
We are ready for tomorrow 
Hair today, gone tomorrow - still a great 
Just spent 45 mins with blond hair in my face.  It can only mean one thing ... 
Has any of your family or friends been helped by 
Ahhhh nice hot bubble bath and 
I was listening to 'Wolf' and got some inspiration 
I feel dumb doing these videos but its worth it so 
ON SALE!! 
Thanks for having me on! 
Band rehearsal went great today. A talent team on the album with 
Its good to be home 
Thanks so much for RTs 
I'm warming the mince pies & dusting the baubles. Then again, I've been thinking of Christmas since I wrote these 
Many congratulations, Hannah 
Meet the crew Ben 
Best of luck to all the Day 2ers out there, especially me 
Geeky but cool. I love this stat 
A lovely lady of twitter has found some of my older work and tweeted about it. How nice 
Looking forward to it. It's rather nice here on your apron 
New house & dip in mental health - all good now! Add to website FREE or I'll do it FREE til 1/1/18! 
Thank you so much for your support 
Thank you to everyone that played 
Do Something Unforgettable and get involved 
98% of parents 
Tonight our Head of Sales & Marketing won the Creative Innovator Award! Congratulations 
This is great for our game 
So.... I’m doing a Q&A with 
Welcome to the neighbourhood 
Awesome to hear! Was hot chocolate provided? 
 It's matchday!
Shocked and honoured to receive the British Writers Female Athlete of Year award. It means a lot knowing it is voted upon by the expert athletics press, thank you 
Great to be back! First race since London WC and retained my 
Congratulations Callum, truly deserved after a brilliant year 
1st circuits session of winter done!Thanks 
these people are my people, my heart is full 
we’ll be announcing TOMORROW! 
Had so many nice messages for today
Looking forward to this 
First behind the scene impressions from Tallinn. Pitches start at 4 pm! We will keep you posted. Greetings from Estonia 
So guys still got opportunity for personal sponsorship this season, if you want information on it all send me a direct message 
 Mr Cooper can you retweet for me please 
Instagram - Buchan83, watch out for the live feed....... 
Plans for 2018 announced tomorrow 
How how how????? Admire this guy, another notch on the belt. Well in 
Surprised my grandpa today by coming home, and he started crying...
It’s here! Now everyone will know my love of Little Dude and the folks & animals over at 
We're down in Tassie for the next few days to visit our friends at 
Tandragee what a track!!!! Steady away today looking forward to tomorrow 
Joined the craner curve club yesterday caught out by a cold tyre unfortunately stiff and sore today nuttin broken thanks for all the texts 
Save the date...Peugeot Festival ‘18 at Prescott HillJuly 1st 2018Hope to see you there 
Nothing like a day out with mom 
Can't wait for the w-league to start! Lovely meeting you the other night 
'Brilliant' test match perhaps but reckon 
What brilliant decision from 
Goodnight LA.... happy to be home 
We're super chuffed to have WON the Swansea Bay Tourism Awards category of Best Activity Provider! Thanks to all our passengers and our fantastic crew 
Well done Tracy Drummond on winning the bottle of champagne in our business card draw at the Basildon business expo
What a great event, thank you 
Such a powerful evening 
Lovely film showing the fantastic work from Saltscape! We're featured 3:58 seconds with our work to develop media skills in local communities 
And check out the 
Got my copy of 
Love the sea...a great time to reflect, relax & recharge...great little mini break 
Morning Tweeters...it's fresh outside today...just right for a morning run 
The world at a glance!Together with NUVIZ we'll offer a Head-Up Display especially for our C4 and R2
Happy that I can finally share the cover of my next True Laurels zine, which features the supremely talented Baltimore singer 
Descendants of the original egg thrower - the (In?)famous Brosnan family, without which we may not have the 
Well done to Maria in 2B who won a trophy for football 
Well done to Kelsie in 5c for earning a green belt in Taekwondo 
Well done to Maryam in 3d for her swimming achievement 
We're here at 
What a day!! Thanks 
Great am cold mornin with 
You're very welcome - it's a great website 
The red earth in 
After to have assisted to your victory last year it's just so great to relive that this year ! What a race, what a team !! #88  
When even the pilots step out to take a selfie! Simply the most stunning airport in the world! 
So proud of my boy 
We know you’ll be smiling too when you buy your next pre-owned car here during our Show Me the CARFAX Fall Event! 
I’d have had Brackley make a 4, Brixworth make a 4 - and then put them together... 
 Day 4. Parent/Teacher Conf. tonight and Thursday evening. Talking about student growth and progress is always good! 
I hope that this will be the last move for a while. It's exhausting & I want to stay put. I'm glad to be all settled in at my new place. 
I love you so much you have amazing lyric videos and original music videos on YouTube 
When one door closes, another one opens. 
Thank you. Very happy to know this. Also, I hope, the sequel Finding Your Element. 
We're so happy to hear so many of you love our Organic Lavender Hand Sanitizer 
This kid loves Elmo!
Charging my batteries on Whaleback 
All ready for the 
NEW POST | Going out tonight? Sack it off, stay in instead 
 is where she was given the freedom and encouragement to learn so many sports and become the great sportsperson she is today. First female member of the school football team too, I remember! Fantastic school days & fantastic school 
Happy Halloween! Love, Jack and Jill 
Being a part of the Condors means being a part of something way bigger than hockey. This here proves it...go Chris! 
Pls RT: Tickets still available for 
Come on down at 4pm, we’ve got beer! 
Big congratulations Mark from all of us 
So great to work with you all!  THANK YOU!
Beautiful day out, ride, coffee, cake, lunch. My kind of day 
Our holiday market is coming up quick, only 18 days away! Our market is 80% handmade vendors, many local to Transcona. During our market we will have a raffle in support of the Scouts Hall roof repair.  Please share, and we can't wait to see you there! 
Do you want to know how the 
I don't know who made this but thank you 
Thanks for sharin’ guys! 
Luminaries will be lighting up 
Thank you for making our beautiful library a reality
It's a vixen! 
Thank you! You are appreciated 
I think we people with dementia did ourselves proud at this years UK Dementia Congress 
I love it Dory. You inspire me so much. Today I needed to hear that. I can't be positive always. It's exhausting. Thank you 
That’s very kind  Pippa
You do a stirling job 
Edmonton food bank is offering a new free, flexible employment program offering a great opportunity for resume assistance, tickets and more! Check it out 
"Golpes y Flores" is getting some attention. Check it out now! 
Hi friends! This makes me 
Once Calgary City Coucil is done adjudicating each and every secondary suite application, they should move on to pet licences.  “Yes Ava, we understand you want to adopt Fluffy, but will you really walk her every day like you promised your parents?”   
Free Coffee and Cake tomorrow at St Teresa's Hall on corner of Connaught Road 10am -12noon Looking forward to seeing you there 
It's good to hear that Leia
Come and be informed & inspired at our next 
Incredible things happen when an icon and an idol meet in the Gap 
Garrison is the best! Hardworking, fantastic basketball player and one of my all time fave math students 
Unsubstantiated rumour that  this will be new 
Prom 2k16 with the love of my life....ME!!
Tonight at 8pm we have 
Seasons are coming again See you there. 
Want to join the team at Lincoln Students' Union as a Marketing or Entertainments Assistant? Apply now!Vacancies close Monday 20th November at 8am, visit the link for more info. 
Really looking forward to this 
And that’s a wrap!! Thank you so much for following and we hope you enjoyed at least one or two of our terrible jokes!! 
Tomorrow is the big day, friends! To the good people of 
~ Last Sunday - Family & Friend’s - mood. 
Thanks for coming out this morning! GO TEAM 
Our new website is officially up and running! Visit 
Me, my brilliant tv son
Beautiful fresh Sashimi overlooking the River Thames 
Wake up everyday in a good note, give your day a chance to make you happy! 
I had an amazing time at the 
Today at 2.15pm on 
TGIF!! We're firing up a big party already in a remote village on 
Here's this weeks 
I'll have to give it a try ASAP! Love trying new gins to feature on my blog 
Happy Friday guys! Quick update: the Recent Events will now automatically save the checked events for your conveninece. Enjoy! 
Stuck at work, but will leave you a host if you are still going. 
Just finished an earlier birthday dinner with my parents 
Online! Day 5 of the streamathon 
Please check out this stream! Will be going towards the local hospitals in Alberta! 
Really cool interview I'm glad I got to do. 
He’s so happy 
We're in the 
Fantastic day with the team, met some great people too! Until next time 
He was very well behaved 
It's all about the angles...
We wanted to drop by and let anybody who's interested hear about the lovely gift boxes we've just launched.  But we're glad that we could help on photo and video apps too 
- can we give it 10 stars?! 
 I got mentioned on 
More of our luxury vinyl click fitted in hall and landing. Phone 01244 291900 for a free quote 
The daughter of one of my colleagues has made this site as part of their college course. Still a work in progress, but please take two minutes to visit it? They need traffic 
Nice touch from the 
Ah I would have liked to have gone too 
Excellent! His shop in Quiggins was a Saturday haunt in my youth. Great bloke 
We couldn't agree more! Maybe a half term day trip 
Last minute items, including essentials like Stewart's Milk or Eggs, can always be found right at your local Stewart's Shop 
 thank you for your timely delivery services & putting a smile on 1 face 
always happy when i see you my friend
En Ties flikt het weer!! Upward H1 - Fletiomare 
Retweets welcome for our fab 
Glad you enjoyed it! It was great to have you join us for the day 
A simple smile or a hello can completely change someone’s day today. Hello! 
24 things you can do to make a difference this advent 
A smile is a universal language
Being happy is a very personal thing and it really has nothing to do with anyone else
I do get mad but it's pointless to wrinkle because of it,when i could just smile and feel better
We're looking forward to some fun activities around the wards and departments 
For those who don't have time to read the whole editorial, this is how I really feel 
Celebrating a big win with the main men at 
20 staff today given protection midwives, doctors , medical students , ward clerks, domestics all given their flu jabs in women & children’s by Risk & Governance midwife 
Absolute pleasure to be part of the 
 we are so fortunate that all our nursing students get access to this excellent resource 
Aw, love getting Thank You Cards!!!! So pleased you enjoyed the Baps!!!Many thanks to 
Big thank you for having me to 
Throwback to when Kirsten roasted me on my own photo
Last training session for 
Thanks for helping us update our knowledge! It's great to know our clients can count on us having a full skillset to help them out 
Super excited to hear it! Books, chats, and friendly faces on wheels - what could be better? 
Good evening spent with the kiddo. 
The Graduates' Teaching Award goes to Dr Laurent Galbrun from Architectural Engineering 
Hi Ian, of course I don't mind. There are not enough characters to mention all the fab teams . Best wishes for a great day 
Happy Monday everyone! Can you guess which location in the National Park is in the picture? 
Gaga for gadgets? Hot on trends? We got 
It's not too late to make it along today - the Food & Drink Festival, shops & activities are open until 6pm 
If your looking for your weekly dose of 
When you show the world what you can do! 
Wow DA Matters is such an amazing programme. I get a massive buzz delivering it every time 
HELP! We're looking for bloggers to review our new TGA WHILL powerchair. Please send details about yourself to social@tgamobility.co.uk 
Wishing all a great 
Thank you for the photo and the advice on what I should do for my foot much appreciated 
Nice review of my gig 
Amazing to support the legend that is 
Wow very excited to have been nominated for an 
Looking forward to playing 
I'm nominated for female para athlete of the year! Id really appreciate your vote 
Thanks to the Fabulous 
Well today we've got alot of Trucks out! We have 
Thank you so much for today 
Great start to the season for 
The day begins here in Bury
Looking forward to talking ALL things Health 
@Jack21e do you have a picture of it? I'd be curious to see Americans perception on English attire 
The youth CEO advisory team building blocks for young leaders  conference has been amazing so far. 
Wow, we're so pleased to get this mention! Thanks for another great show 
NCO led night doing some leadership 
Myself, Cdt Brown and Cdt Roberts are in M&S collecting for 
Another successful day collecting for 
Incredibly happy that this happened on the same day I went flying! 
Selling some clothing, shoes and lingerie on Poshmark! Check it out 
Just another day in the life of an air cadet 
 Can we have a retweet ma’am 
It's an honour to have won the Workplace Mental Health Award at 
Thank you, Sarah-Beth! 
What a sweet write up on British Parasnowsport - Snowboard TeamRider Ben Moore! Won’t be long now Ben!!! 
Any photos of group 2 today please 
Happy faces at the start of a weeks adventure training 
Good morning lovely people 
Recorded a beautiful jingle for a Madurai based jeweller & did the voiceover as well. Perhaps my first official voiceover to be released. Feeling quite pleased! 
 receives the RedFM Award for the "Best Composer" for 
Just a little reminder... 
EXCITING NEWS X2 COMING IN THE NEXT 24 HOURS!!! STAY TUNED!! 
In my seat ready to see 
 No problem Harry!!! Keep pushing and striving! Great work today! 
Well onto the next chapter 
I can watch these little dorks hop around pie plates for hours. 
When you're up at 5:30AM bc of jetlag & your whole to-do list is done by 8AM 
Busiest year so far, but always looking to add more dates, would really appreciate any RT's 
A very atmospheric picture Ray 
Kicking open the Diary for 2018 lets make next year even better than this one! Email: Zoelucasbookings@gmail.com All RTs and mentions appreciated! 
Not a bad venue to make my 100th professional appearance with an incredible result to match it. So happy for the main man 
And another one for 
First edit from today’s audience with 
Headshots on a Sunday?! 
The lovely Michelle Hassan from Judge Rinder 
If you guys didn’t know I will be gone until next Monday visiting family for thanksgiving
Do you know anyone that has ever stuck to a New Years resolution?I have done it this year. Not had a sip of alcohol in 2017I’ve travelled 15 times this yr with the 
There were so many beautiful dresses and smiles at 
Honored to make it in to Milligan’s HOF tonight! Also very thankful for the people in these pics who have treated me like family from day 1
The “tap, tap” of TEAM 
I’ve been both a physician and an actor. Yes, the stakes are different, but the level of technical competency and teamwork isn’t that different. Working well on set feels a lot like working in an OR or on a Navy dive operation. I’ve done both. 
 happy birthday, alexx!! hope you have the best day
 Big Up Virgin Trains & Rock On UCLanAOK 
This Friday I get to sing with my home orchestra 
I am so happy that my team 
The sun starts earlier now, and you should too; take your breakfast outside this morning & get a head start on your day 
They're not called delicious magazine for no reason! Check out these healthy oat muffins with 
There's nothing continental about it! We make breakfast as unique as our home. Which flavour will you choose? 
My week on Facebook 
It warms my heart to see someone sitting in the middle of 
For the love of books and sharing knowledge to the youth 
 Happy b-day to tommy, I'm your fan marcoo!!! 
I've been nominated for manager of the month for October, please vote for me if you feel I've done a good job 
Pool comp tomorrow registration before 1pm £5 entry! £100 for the winner 
. . and played cricket for 
Getting ready for the holidays around here 
It's Wednesday which means its community meal day from 6pm 
Excited for our employee volunteering day with 
It's community meal night tonight, come and enjoy a free 3 course meal 
Thank you for coming 
Don't forget, lower entry of £2 if you follow us on Twitter or bring a flyer 
Time to start another beautiful day! 
Great! Thank you 
Bristol Harbourside and Wapping Wharf are the perfect destination today for a bit of early Christmas shopping interspersed with coffees and several bites to eat. 
Swinging 60’s has arrived at Kip Marina for BBC Children in Need. Everyone has made a fantastic effort with their costumes. Please pop in & make a donation if you can. Thank you 
WIN 10 FREE LUNCHES at our new market 
Big love to all the manchester crew! What a weekend 
I met so many happy smiley 
More love from Russia 
At 3 PM CET today you can order your copy of Crystal City. No preorder, will ship immediately. 
So happy to be a part of this!! 
Ozil looks good out there today 
I really really really want to go to 
One of the best days there is 
Where the magic happens 
Fuck Halloween parties I’m staying in the house to work on my craft make money & smoke blunts  
Hey guys, just wanted to share my lovely lady’s illustrations 
I’m still in development 
For my daughter & her future & many more daughters!Thank-you 
Our students are LOVING their first training session at the Vonage Center! Thanks 
Save the date!!!! 08.03.17 
 nice one for the play of "Patience" 
Happy Independence Day to all! Jai Hind! 
My oil painting, line drawing, and a photo of my favourite species: the king pitcher plant. I'll never forget seeing them on Mount Kinabalu
Thanks for the ongoing support 
1 DAY TO GO!!!!! Come watch us kick off the WSL season tomorrow with derby day!! 7.45pm @ Halton Stadium 
Delighted that award-winning gardener & broadcaster 
After two years of waiting , we have finally made the national press 
Reminiscing.. One of the best days of my life to date! 
Thank you to all the lovely ppl who visited the garden and nursery. We're closed now for 2017 time to start taking orders for next spring 
****Competition Winner****Ashleigh Longhorn Please message us to claim your prize.
Below are the details of the Newark Head on Saturday 2nd December. Please let Phil know if you'd like to compete or comment below 
Perfect conditions for a row! 
Last of 2017’s newbies started on the water today
Tonight’s face skin routine has my face feeling like a babies cheeks. I feel great 
I picked up some 
Delhi firecracker ban had no impact, say STUDIESDedicated to MIAN Lords of SC & GOI which recommended the ban
Donna is talking about the intervention 'Act Up!' for children who have emotion processing difficulties. Some activities include:Acting out facial expressions 
We're looking forward to welcoming our students next week, old and new!! If you've got any questions, drop us a line! 
Beautiful day for the 2nd year petrology 
Baby George trying out his 
Ahh - such good memories of seeing this come to life 
Let's do it again?! 
...Or how about joining 120,000 others who have had a go at our online numeracy check. Everyday examples, calculators allowed, mistakes are ok. We’ll even give you help to brush up if you need it 
Good luck on your opening night 
Congratulations Napo Wildlife Center, well deserved! We loved our stay this summer thank you 
Looks a little like my drinks cabinet 
 Show..ni  poa..Just  passing tru..Didge  pia jina  yako ni complicated 
We had a fab time at Bristol's 
Alright, let's give this Steady Divine business a rest now.
How well do you know your DStv shows? Take this quiz and share your scores 
Yummy! Awesome evening with 
Maurice is so much around... Now you know where to see him 
Throwback... 2014, after winning my 2nd World Championship
3 if my favorites: performance tasks, a growth mindset, and emojis! 
Attention FUTP60 students: Make sure to log into your student dashboard to see this week's new Challenge! 
To see my family struggle everyday growing up and now I can help change that..YES I'M HAPPY
Happy to do my part 
Final street fair tweet goes to 
I’m so damn excited about this! This book sounds AMAZING. Welcome to 
Hi ladies!!! 
Look at how they do it down south 
We've had a great turnout for 
Bought my Christmas tree this morning. Coming to see the Big Switch On tonight. Feeling very Christmassy today 
Best of luck to 
Exciting news from our 
Tonight’s the night! Check out my cast and I in Holiday Inn Musical playing in theatres today!!!! Who knows maybe I’ll see you there 
Not a stupid question!
this was such a tear jerker. I’m so proud of you 
I've been nominated for the 
Morning the Emily Bronte is lovely. Staff are amazing and the cabins are really nice. We stayed  in one of the lower deck cabins . They will enjoy 
Surprise a loved one this year with a gift that *comes* with a gift: a Warby Parker gift card! (Our holiday gift card arrives with a custom deck of mini playing cards, featuring artwork by Andreas Samuelsson. 
Our happy place: the 
Back at ya! 
The heartwarming moment when David Beckham surprised the amazing 
Happy to get the win tonight 
Radiothon is almost here!  Meet Alyssa, Sophia and Calvin... three BIG reasons we all do what we do for 
October newsletter is here 
 10% off Shoes today 
When your two loves combine in the most pawsome way possible: puppers and politics. 
Yes I did and it was amazing. Next time we will march together Anita. 
On the train to London Town to play on 
We're sampling our 70g bars in 
Glad you enjoyed! 
The perfect Sunday pick me up 
We all wish we'd written it! But .
Food from Wrapture, film, music and drink tonight in Shipley 
We hope our postgraduate open day guests have enjoyed spending time on campus today 
This tawny owl was left completely covered in soot after getting stuck in wood burner at a house in Shropshire - luckily he was rescued by an 
Ooh but can you please??? You’d be an exemplary Judas 
What do you think of our dapper Mathew working in our 
Thanks for the wiggly great show 
This makes my heart happy! Miss you guys 
Thank you to the Menke family for coming out to the game (and sitting next to the social media manager 
What a day this was! Took this while watching 
Limited tickets available. Come sell this bitch out with me. Doors at 8. 
Meet me in Richmond, Virginia today. 
In conversation with Jeremy Corbyn on 
Due to enhanced security measures 
I may have to change my view of Monday’s being no good for comedy.!!! Tonight at Edinburgh playhouse was something else - thank you everyone who came and made the last two nights simply brilliant 
What a great picture 
That is one of our trucks arriving thehydroglasgow 
Today at 2.15pm on 
Come to Kresge Auditorium 
thank you, miss you too
she deserves it!! thanks
I’ve been both a physician and an actor. Yes, the stakes are different, but the level of technical competency and teamwork isn’t that different. Working well on set feels a lot like working in an OR or on a Navy dive operation. I’ve done both. 
If you feel so moved, please LIKE our page. We SO appreciate your support!  
Traveling through airports this weekend and talking to people taught me that there are far more good people in the world than bad and it’s just our society focuses on the bad apples, but I’m here to say I’m really thankful for all the good people in the world! 
eHealth = VBM's 
Always a good time when my love comes to Chicago 
Getting ready for the holidays around here 
That's all from us for today. We're back from 8am tomorrow. Don't forget you can get support on our online community too 
BE THE REASON someone sm:)es today! 
Some friends make life a little better 
We're not because we won a 
Its a pleasure. Your resources are fantastic and the children love them 
Students tell us what they are thankful for at 
You deserve to be happy 
Great seeing you as well!! 
This House guest was enjoying himself with a game of pool this afternoon! 
Shout out to this awesome group from 
All smiles from our young professionals in Brazil after a project with 
So proud of my boy 
Good training session at the 
Another great result yesterday going from P11 to P2 with the fastest lap again.. 
Looking back on 2017 this has to be my favourite lap of the season 
Do you want us to play a show for you at your house?? Email us at contact@skywardstory.com for more info about a private house party for you 
remember that we did an acoustic version of “Hey!” Check the video out below 
 A few clips from last Friday’s test in the DS3 R3 
Making sweet sweet noise with the fooooooking awesome 
Thanks Chuck!  Appreciate you being there
Thanks for playing Colours 
We will play UNER Solar Distance Tour in TOKYO 
At the OVO store launch today
Happy new year ! Thank you for your support in 2016, our first year in the game had been quite an adventure 
Brought the sun with me to Krakow 
It’s here! Now everyone will know my love of Little Dude and the folks & animals over at 
Check out the latest interview I did for 
I guess christmas is here early ?? hi cutie 
Climbing up one more spot. STOP IT sitting at No. 4 in the tech house and YA DIDNT is almost there sitting No. 11 
I’m glad ya did that U - turn 
A little delight in my night to see 
Ohhhhh he JUST fits in the frame. My gentle giant of a bro 
The goody bag contains pens, pencils , a 4GB memory stick and other nice things 
 OMG thank you so much for my fabulous gold parcel winning. I’ve played since the start and today it’s truly paid off 
It's like been able to go back in time and tell myself things I would have wanted to know back then 
Practice pods are over ..looking forward to getting dug into this ,have some interesting people lined up 
You can submit music for airplay consideration on 
Calf raises while photocopying...why not! Workout at work! 
Want to add my congrats to all round good egg 
Who’s looking forward to the 
Great to see 'I need your love' at #6 in the 
Just got my tickets to see 
Morning! Tell me why we do like Mondays... 
Brilliant jewellery making workshop today with 
We love shouting about 
Morning! And happy weekend 
 enjoying the Tanora at 
Please vote for the equestrian team all very talented especially my niece
Let’s all get 
Fave new word "Jirble" it means to spill a liquid by shaking or unsteady moving of the vessel.Dont jirble your drinks otw back from the bar
Aw, shucks, 
Results of the 24 hour poll. People seem to prefer Tayto 
A must see in Ireland 
Good morning Twitter world. Wishing everyone a great day and weekend
It was such a pleasure to meet you all and to be surrounded by such inspiring young women 
And what a view..
My dad & my brother both had Duffy first goal scorer, 29/1.... 
The concert for Music for Galway is featured in the Irish Times! Am on my way there right now
DEADLINE EXTENDED TO MIDNIGHT TONIGHT! We have extended the deadline time to Midnight Tonight! You're welcome! 
 helping us enjoy Friday with fabulous treats from 
We've been busy making some delicious cakes on 
The Christmas shop is open today until 4pm if you feel like a midweek treat 
We only serve the finest coffee here in 
Congratulations!! Here's to another 10 and more! 
Join me tomorrow for a tasty tasting 
Great idea guys & a fascinating insight in to your lifesaving work. Unfortunately I see you guys far too often in my world. I’m hoping our paths won’t cross again today (nothing personal I promise 
Looking to support a local charity this year on 
Wow ... OK... So 3 things I love about this tweet.. 1)You are feeling festive (yay) 2)The Cathedral Christmas Market (because it's awesome) 3)The word resplendent (just is not used often enough) 
Good to catch up today with 
Black Friday 2017: All the best deals... in one place 
Looking forward to be at the 2017 
guess we won this
Thanks for the kind words 
Hulksterr!!! Well thank youuuu 
Hooray!! Lots of love for the winners from this year and prior years! 
Had a lovely time chatting to 
Won best comedy screeenplay award in 2013 and now ‘Don’t talk to Irene’ wins comedy vanguard feature award at 
just a happy boy in heels
Who doesn’t love oysters at Thanksgiving?! 
Did you catch the short documentary on ATG by Banger TV? A perfect little movie for your holiday break...Enjoy 
Steeler win!!!!!! 
Train your mind to see the good in every situation 
When Dr. Charles Venable is the first smiling face you see upon arriving at 
rock 'n' roll at 
Nice mention in the Daily Echo about my exhibition 
That's right, gorgeous. 
You made my day 
London town looking very pretty! Touring design hot spots with 40 interior students from 
National Numeracy Challenge! Just jump past that first hurdle, create that log-in & watch your numeracy skills fly! 
We are using our first 
So.... I’m doing a Q&A with 
All donations made via wish list will come directly to NNU via 
A great afternoon with Sharon @cmftpef visiting 
That looks yummy!!! Can never have enough sprinkles 
Tonight at 8pm we have 
We're thrilled to be hosting the 
Just met Aaron and Bryce Dessner and Scott Devendorf of 
Great to chat to 
A wonderful day working with 
Time to start another beautiful day! 
Just what all you nutrition people were hoping for; vegetable Christmas decorations 
Delighted to be featured in the top 10 pimped out wheelchairs 
Ha, love it! Thanks 
THIS GIRL CAN WEEK IS NEXT WEEK 
Baby Charlie was very thankful when Bing gave him his jingly shoes. Does your Bingster share their toys or their food? We’d love to hear your stories of kindness 
There is plenty of mental health info available out there. It’s never too late to educate yourself - knowledge is power:RCPsych leaflets: 
We are closed this evening because it’s our staff party!!! Woohoo!! But we are open for Brunch as usual 
35 years old today! Happy birthday to you! 
We loved having you! Come again soon? 
 wish to thank all the wonderful people of the 
Good morning all! We are here untill 7pm tonight - have a great day 
Come meet us at 
Published as an early rallying call for a 
I won the Irish Fencing Open!
Inspired Aussies... 50 top wines including a couple of snaps of 
Our ciabattas are ready for the lunch rush!! They look especially delicious today. Thanks Rob for your hard work. 
Will I see you at this podcast tomorrow in Dublin? 
We hit 10,000 likes on our Facebook so we're giving away 10 Coffee hampers to celebrate! Pop on over to enter if it takes your fancy 
All ready for 1000m2 
Today I had the pleasure of leading our 
So the last case was brought buy 1 person...so we got more in for you all to try!! 
Santa’s little helpers are busy preparing some thank you gifts for our lovely customers! 
Had fun hanging with this gem today 
Well done guys! It was a pleasure to judge your entry 
Remember the 1999 National Draft? We certainly do 
It's all about the angles...
 Over 500 folks experienced the 1st Annual Smile Day that honored NYC Smile 4 Me & it's founder 
Spence jun back from the Ryder cup raving about his day. Aaaah but it wasn't Utd v Saints son. 
Oh look! I'm on Product Hunt! 
Coach Ty Lue and i 
Dr Stirlingshire's Discovery won Scottish Event Award in Small Event of the Year category last night! so chuffed!! 
If you had told me this time last year that I’d be posting book tour dates! I’m not sure I would have believed you! 
Dear community organizers: you got it all wrong. You just need a 
Great engagement from our schools during the PAH BMT training 
Come out on Saturday December 2, 2017, to the Bob Marley Museum for the Smile Jamaica Dub Party.  Part proceeds from the event will be donated by the 
“Can you be my friend?My name is Deborah Mame. I’m 3 and my Favourite colour is blue.I love posing for pictures. When I am older I’m gonna have my own camera.Errrrrm my favourite drink is orange juice.”
“Hey I am Stevie Evans, I am 13. Basically, I love to draw with anything. When I grow up I will be an Artist. Right now the community creates war “inna” the school and we don’t like it. My happiest time is whenever I play football.” 
“Our names are Lesha & Okaysha.We are 12 & 13.If we were in charge of Jamaica, we would fix it up and make it a better country.We need stuff for our school like AC, fans, chairs, a new bathroom, new windows.The meaning of life is to live and learn.”
“My name is Stanley Abrokwah, I am  10 years old. My favourite lesson is Maths.My Favourite colour is yellow.My happiest times are Fridays as it's the start of the weekend!My Favourite foods are fufu & palm soup!”
“Hello, my name is Tyra Eubanks and I am 17. When I leave here I want to study Animation at College. I would say to all women, stand up and defend yourself.Too much disrespect caused disagreements and violence. We as humans can do better.”
What are your names?“Daniel” “Daniella” “Delbert”.Ok what are your favourite vegetables: “Okra, tomato and cucumber.”.How old are you? Daniella: “Three, Delbert is the eldest, he was born first.”
“Respect, My name is Ricardo Hamilton and I’m 17. My favorite food is bull beef & rice. My favourite Artist is obviously, Alkaline. When I grow up I want to be a Police to look after the area and make sure the children are safe.”
These are beautiful smiles on the faces of Legend, 
Morning well spent Updating 
It’s the last day the whole team is together this week so Happy Thanksgiving! What are we thankful for? You of course! 
Hey 10K+ wonderful Twitter & 
Welcome Lloyd's SSE 
screening & panel talks discussing British Women of Colour in Film this weekend courtesy of 
 thank you!!
We're in the 
Thanks so much Charlene! 
Very excited to be performing 
Thanks for the RT 
It’s almost that time of year!@IHI_Ireland Founders Banquet and Management Awards 2017.  Just over a week to go 
Lovely little interview with us on the 
Cheers to the UCC rugby folks for having us last night! Had a great night! 
Roses and Rose Buds party 
Isn't it just?! 
5:45 wake up call so we can 
Thanks to spotify for adding ‘Nobody cares’ to there ‘Massive dnb’ Playlist 
We are chuffed with ourselves to have won 'shop layout and design' award 
I’m SO excited to share this with you. I’ve teamed up with 
Real sound guys mix in Speedos.  Lol.  Hahahhahaha. 
So glad you enjoyed it! Thanks for visiting 
Looks even better in the evening with all of it's twinkly lights 
hi guys, who am i meeting this winter at 
Look Mom, we’re Lexie’s header 
A gift card or cash is great too for the 
TURKEYS!!!  So thankful for all the donations coming in to the 
HUGE thank you to Rifco for their donation of almost $34,000! This will go a long way in helping us 
 A shout-out to everyone from 
Looking for a place to study at lunch, to finish assignments or just  to work with other grade 12 students? Come to room 217 every Tuesday, Wednesday and Thursday for gr. 12 Study Hall. Bring your lunch, your work and your friends! 
Full house at Gr 8 Information Night. Great way to end a great day at CC! 
I loved playing Chess with my dad growing up .... now he plays with my son 
My new website is now live. Dedicated to the world of big and tall fashion, and helping giant dudes everywhere find a new sense of style. Please take the time to visit 
Quran Cube - **NEW** Islamic Baby Cot Toy - With Quran And Nasheeds - Available Now At 
ebay shoppers! Select St Peter's Hospice as your favourite charity and help us win vital funds to support patient care in the Bristol area 
Got some free time to organize our collection 
When BWR lands with me I’ll have 7/12. 
So after approximately 15,000 votes, we have made the top 50 in 
What a great list of places! Happy to be included! 
Still wondering how to make your Christmas party just that bit more unique??? Get in touch if you want some quotes from one of our fab traders 
Mans universal way of showing Respect & making up 
Thrilled and delighted to meet Maxwell Caufield at the Chiller Theatre expo! AWEsome man. 
Helium runs this afternoon 
Delighted to see Towering winning for his new connections 
Club & Stable Star Helium makes his seasonal debut 4  
Guaracha makes his comeback for 
Towering & Sofie arrived safely at Hexham prior to his run 
Towering attempts to follow up his debut win for the club, back 
Ok, guys, so now that I'm on my way to being a reality tv star I thought I'd do some paparazzi training! It's going really really well 
It must be my lucky day 
Dr Charlotte Lees, Dyffryn Clwyd VTS GP trainee, explaining how her childhood family doctor, Dr Firth, inspired her to apply to medical school and to train as a GP. We've a lot to thank him for. 
The boy done good! 
This is great. Thanks very much 
Cyah Bruk Out Dance. Come Ina Dis Grover (him wear bell foot pants everyday)
An honour to have written my first 
What design trends will we see in 2018? The 
Overwhelmed by all your tweets, texts, msgs..
Coming again this Saturday. Can’t wait!!! 
Set times for today's Beer Festival 
Some of our owners are raising money for the Neonatal Unit at Leeds General Infirmary. Follow the link to donate 
More of our luxury vinyl click fitted in hall and landing. Phone 01244 291900 for a free quote 
WIN a £250 voucher with our 
Black Friday starts... NOW! Up to 40% OFF early access deals! >> 
Our Maison et Objet trend report is in! Check it out for our round-up of 
Wet and windy midweek. 
hey guys, am open for PORTRAIT COMMISSIONS: you,family & friends, book characters...black ink (bust): £33+p&pdigital colour (bust): £55custom stuff available too just askdm me 
All set up and ready to go 
Would you like to know more about how to help a mate? Book on to next week’s workshop with Wendy 
 Break a leg tonight guys and dolls 
 Inspiration I, food for music making 
Thanks Carleen x feeling good to share... 
Hope you can make it Derek 
Do Something Unforgettable and get involved 
We're now closed till spring.  The exotic border is still full of colour and have flower buds on the tree dahlia
Busy day at Triple A ... music, singing, biscuits and a deep discussion about artificial intelligence.... 
DSW National Youth Board is on Twitter! Please follow and share our tweets to help us promote disability sport to a wider audience 
We need your help 
! Why not train in 
Thank you! And it was fantastic to explore a whole new side to Bandon 
2/2for the Anti-Bullying Campaign. We are proud to support and work with you all with this. Well done Nicholas 
So we received a ton of requests to extend the shirt campaign for an extra few days so here you go
Had a fantastic time at today's tea party celebrating our two-year 
Thanks, just settled on the 11:15 
It's official! 
Tomorrow, children are taking over for 
Fabulous two days at 
Really pleased with how markers of 
The sass is on 
Have a look at this 
No society can legitimately call itself civilized if a sick person is denied medical aid because of lack of means.Happy 
 Yes, it's a thing...embrace it!"Emoji data science in R: A tutorial" by 
Absolutely delighted, privileged  and  v honoured to receive the first Annette Bartley Scholarship for Nurses! Thank you 
Had a brilliant time chatting to 
Nice to be here with 
I have one listener! 
Enjoyed being part of Skot Wilson’s new play Footsteps 
Tomorrow is the big day, friends! To the good people of 
We had a blast helping Ms Gulliver’s class this afternoon! Even the soil was smiling! 
THE THREE JUST A CARD RULES:1.PLEASE don't just LIKE a TWEET - Please RETWEET it as well.....Think about this - We're trying to support YOU - that's everyone - A LIKE means only you see it - doesn't help others much now does it?! 2. Same3.Same again.....geddit??! 
Join us to CELEBRATE Independent creative businesses on our alternative to Black Friday - INDIE FRIDAY!!Share your work & let's SHOP INDEPENDENT! Please retweet 
Join us for brunch from 10am-2pm,  supper starting at 5pm, or desserts and coffee somewhere in between 
I was born on a Monday. I wonder if that's why I like Mondays so much? 
Amazing women!! I am 
For more information, visit 
Meet Bruce a.k.a Monkey 
Please email me if you need your code
 I got mentioned on 
Hi,I'm looking for back to school books for my 4th grade class that teach GRIT&diversity any advice? 
How are you increasing classroom talk 
This card brought me a lot of joy this weekend. 
Come visit us right now in Milo Bail! We’ll be here until 2 pm 
That is so cool thank you 
Aww thank you Dimirt ily 
When a board member shows off for Hunger and Homelessness Awareness Week! Thanks to some generous friends and family, these 66 bags are going to make people very happy (and full!) 
Happy birthday Jaidon! Hope it’s a great one! 
 happy birthday jaidon !! have a good day
The sisters of aKDPHi would love to meet you! Tonight at the USU ballroom 
If you know why today is the best day ever, better be liking this tweet! 
Happy bday pretty!!
Ahaha thank you sammy
Words cannot express the pride that I have of being a part of 
A bright group of students from 
You were sued for 40 million dollars.You settled for 25 Million dollars. So...62.5% is not a "small fraction".You're welcome.
When you visit Clyde today please DO NOT TAKE ANY PICTURES! Please. Respect Me, My Parents, & Family. 
Gonna pack my selfie stick so we can get an epic selfie with the audience at 
If your were one of those flogs whinging about not getting tickets to 
Thanks for joining us and the fans, 
Not a bad venue to make my 100th professional appearance with an incredible result to match it. So happy for the main man 
The man behind Moana’s ‘We Know The Way’ - Opetaia Foa’i is here too! 
The team is back! Thanks for joining us this AM 
Many thanks to Clodagh 
How lovely to see 
HOME. A cup of decaf tea and a hot water bottle as I do show reports, rehearsal notes and call time emails. 
Are you ready for 
 13th Greenside.   Shaped and drained .. revetting turf starting tomorrow 
Very excited to be singing 
Full field of 80 and the weather was perfect. Thanks 
Today Special : GOAT with chiminchuri 
Sun's up on a 
CALL OUT to farmers and members of YFCs... We’re working on something festive but need your help... please PM us if you’d like to be involved 
Come for a walk? 
Happy Monday everyone! Can you guess which location in the National Park is in the picture? 
Tasty posh burgers at Silvan’s Van in Taunton where East meets West 
All looking great for Day 2 Future Business Magnates Challenge 1 
Very much looking forward to welcoming 
Westlea Primary supporting Children in need 
Has any of your family or friends been helped by 
We celebrated at our run last night with pizza, cake and prosecco! And, of course, some good 
Think stair use....
Gaz ready for school with the new 
(the) Melvins  are always on Sarah’s list 
After a few days off in Miami, I'm on my way D.C. to continue the 
"Where do you see yourself in 5 years time?"Out my pickle stuck in Ibiza somewhere 
Got the banner from 
Oh, the anticipation 
Discussing the cover for my forthcoming title Infinite Possibility out June 2018 - just joyousness all round 
Never saw this while playing...very very humbling. 
Australia starts as firm favourites to win the Ashes...England would do well to win or draw 1 Test out of five. Early prediction. Bricks/bouquets later 
Thanks everyone for your love,support and wishes it means a lot to me 
Wish you a very Happy Birthday, 
Happiness is... Being married to your best buddy 
Probably one of the greenest place to eat in Jaipur with great ambience and food. One of my favourite for sure 
Sunday special Rajma masala Yes,  i cooked it 
Wishing all my twitter friends a happiest new year and will be ever grateful for your time n patience to interact with me. THANK YOU
Do you have a U21 player who has been leading your squad this season? 
The reflow oven has been hard at work soldering boards all day 
Thank you so much James, hope you enjoyed filling the box 
Thank you so much Kirsty, looks amazing 
Thank you both so much 
Thank you so much Katie 
Thank you so much Sophie 
Thank you so much ladies 
We love the personal message 
so i have this playlist that i update every few weeks 
hit the ellusive 10k on soundcloud today! 
wowow big thanks to 
This woman is brilliant 
Help us to get small charities trending on Twitter through the Small Charity Week Thunderclap 
We believe in the value of a community pharmacy, that's why we commend our staff members on their work within the community 
Target audience training teachers, NQTs and RQTs.....buuuuut you’re ALL most welcome 
Can't wait! I'm sharpening my pencils already!! 
Some of our grads share their reflections from the day 
Homemade light jar. 
 I wanted to show my love for your amazing show - 
@Mat6453kicks of the stories of inspiration session 
If you’d like some ideas of how to use Clips in the languages classroom I’ve written a book 
Fantastic warm welcome from staff and students at your brilliant school. Your school oozes all that invisible, non data driven stuff that anyone walking in can see and feel. You don't need Ofsted to tell you all you're Outstanding 
Excited pupils en route to 
Thank you so much for coming! Go to 
It was our absolute pleasure! Thank you for sharing your special day with us Mrs Brough! 
Just had a wonderful meeting w/ my lovely friends at 
Best answer to my question about non-medicine headache cures. 
Our team works on helping students in holistic ways. Here's our first donation to 
In honor of (the day after) 
 Guys this is robin(Ravi Chauhan) from 
More lovely business cards from 
Wonderful! Well done to Yvonne - a regular at all of our 
Email from a local 
The law is a like a scalpel in the hands of the award winning  
Thank you for your support! Happy to start a new mandate with the new + enthusiastic EB as Senior Vice-President of 
So this is the 2nd day of my healing process after my hair transplant. Goodbye traction alopecia 
Before leaving Pristina, I visited Demos-Ti that teaches children how democracy works-and told them about my day as a politician
are women, but congratulations to female MPs of AoK for a 50/50 quota of the committee chairs (7 out of 14)! 
Got some exciting news coming soon about 
Never liked sprouts? These might change your mind! Thanks 
 just wanted to say that I used your NeroliPom Moisturiser and I think it's gorgeous..smell & texture.Great base for m/up too 
Breakfast sorted for tomorrow thanks 
 was a pioneer in advocating children’s rights.Happy 
Free soothing body butter worth £16.95 when you spend £35 at 
Our Primary schools competition is now CLOSED. Winners will be announced 8.30am on Friday. 
So happy that you'll be stocking 
I can’t with this dress man. You are a magical dressmaker with Harry Potter-like skills! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! 
Loved walking the carpet last night with our daughters 
Ran into my girl 
Before I frame this picture and hang it in my office to stare at like a creepy stage 5 clinger I thought I’d share it with y’all 
If anyone was wondering what 
I’m gonna go ahead and say thank you for helping make it happen as well 
In October's edition of 
Hey Turkish friends, this is for you 
Great feedback from delegates post our speaker Ali Al Saloom’s keynote in Al Ain at the Marketing Forum 
Thank you Stuart, Des & 
 congrats on your continued progress in your 
An absolute honour, privilege and pleasure to spend time with author, & global 
NEW! Stoked to share my latest project for 
I'm glad the session had a lasting impact. I hope your resilience strategies are working out well 
Enjoyed that report! Best wishes on Monday, Natasha, with Freddie! 
Very happy little lady this morning 
We've had the best week spreading the news about our 
Hi Martin don't know if you'll have heard about this young girl in Greenock is organising would be great if you could retweet might rally up some of your followers to help her out. Thanks 
Thanks Fram... really kind of you to say. Much appreciated 
New video at 4pm!! 
SUBSCRIBERS BUY MY OUTFITS (SURPRISE ASOS HAUL) 
Sit back be quiet & watch people self destruct how silence is golden 
Delighted to win the Sport Award with 
Jack & Jordan host 
Getting ready for the holidays around here 
 is just one week away! Get your gift in early to help the Animal Rescue Team and we’ll send you a collapsible travel bowl for your pet 
Please listen and RT 
My Glasgow Comedy Festival show is on sale now. Friday 23rd March 2018 
FULL TIME: Lowestoft 3-1 Leatherhead! Thanks 
Don't miss the 
Your weekly dose of 
This had made my day!! Thank you so much!! I'm so overwhelmed! 
Diolch Ruth and thanks for all that you and our hospital colleagues do as well 
At the OVO store launch today
So this is the 2nd day of my healing process after my hair transplant. Goodbye traction alopecia 
This lotion smells so nice & makes skin really soft!
Follow my other page 
Great 3 points today, put us right back in the mix and I know we can still up the gears on our performances 
We have 2 dogs and a cat who are all big pals 
Today we handed over a Christmas hamper to a very grateful 
Always a great way to open out Winter Wonderland event! 
Congrats to the Class of 2016 on their graduation yesterday, best of luck in the future 
First Time Directors Seminar just about to kick off in Belfast, great turn out too 
Service with a smile 
... and the nightshift have arrived. Looking smart and fresh and raring to  pack 
Where’s the best Christmas market in Europe? Me and Emily are looking again this year :) Dortmund was ticked last year 
Happy to say that we have won 1st place overall at the Ten80 NSL Competition! Everyone did an amazing job today! 
Thanks for coming over, Josh! It was nice meeting you 
 prep starts now! 
And a nice bank account 
Chris & Naginna from 
 to when you ask a future 
Proudest Bird Mom ever 
Proud to have told my story for 
So excited about this!
Watching the ever inspirational 
Super excited to have co-directed a new short film featuring these amazing trans folk, in association with 
Very exciting to be screening at our first 
THANK YOU BRI!! You’re the BEST!! 
It was so awesome meeting you! Thanks for making the drive, we were honored to have you. I was the fan today 
Here it is! I put up the first review on my YouTube channel (which I didn't even realize I had 
Thanks a lot to YOU!!! And even though we don't celebrate Thanksgiving here I wish you (& all who read this & celebrate it) a happy Thanksgiving!!!I love the 
Aliexpress Wishlist #2 
On the one hand, i don't have a romantic partner who loves me.On the other hand, if 18 year old me could see me now she'd be like "Damn! She's really doin' it! She's a legit cartoonist and editor!"
We’re proud to 
Sharing again for the evening crowd! 
Top of the league well done boys
What I imagine doing when some a guy on the street goes “you should smile honey!”    
Coach Ty Lue and i 
Come to our concert at the beautiful Royal Concertgebouw Amsterdam! 
Save the date, Londoners! 
Listen to our live broadcast from 
Every day before I went on stage at 
 Your event One Item Only has been featured in our TOP 5+1 because it's 
I get to do this again tomorrow 
Attention FUTP60 students: Make sure to log into your student dashboard to see this week's new Challenge! 
 My Ss Love the creativity and fun that they get from playing with Monster!! 
Interesting charts by Dr. Paul Kelly 
 I got mentioned on 
 in Thornham, on the North Norfolk coast. Available all the time and pretty damn amazing 
Let’s kick off 
Spent my afternoon at the El Paso Museum of Art to celebrate the beautiful and creative artworks of 
Hi ladies!!! 
 - please get in touch for free no obligation quotes on doors, windows or conservatories 
Jot it down on your calendars! 
Oh, the anticipation 
Here at the Skills Ontario Career Exploration Event for Women! 
Live painting at the 
It’s the anniversary of the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
Our 4th Graders presenting their projects as classmates take notes 
 You made it through last week. You are so beautiful and strong and awesome. I hope this week is a nice one 
How you know your TAG PD was informative and helpful to your TAG Teachers!! PD Counts! 
When one door closes, another one opens. 
Thank you. Very happy to know this. Also, I hope, the sequel Finding Your Element. 
Repost from alecmonopoly and we hoped you enjoyed your flight. 
Phnom Penh Tonight! My first time in Cambodia 
I'm excited to see the projects my 2 fav people in the world have coming up together 
It’s here! Now everyone will know my love of Little Dude and the folks & animals over at 
Hey FB buds my song Falling is out today on Majestic Casual 
Feels like years ago, yet at the same time yesterday; magic 
Still beautiful after all these years (to be sung not spoken). Trini genes yes!
And thank you for being such a friendly face I remember from tv during my childhood 
Thanks so much for the kind words, Lindsey! We're glad you had such a good time 
We can't wait for our upcoming tour to look out to a full house again! What a wonderful feeling having such amazing fans 
With Sasha here, lead in our film, ‘THE BOY WITH THE TOPKNOT’ - Please watch it on BBC 2 on the 13th of Nov at 9 pm. 
Super excited after the first screening of our film, ‘THE BOY WITH THE TOPKNOT’ - Please watch it on BBC 2 on the 13th of Nov at 9 pm. 
Tonight’s the night! Check out my cast and I in Holiday Inn Musical playing in theatres today!!!! Who knows maybe I’ll see you there 
Not a stupid question!
Well onto the next chapter 
How lovely to get a mention in this incredible interview w. West End & Broadway director 
AVAILABLE NOW! On DVD, my 
We get a mention in 
Few Pictures of our desserts from the Stars Of The Future Dinner last night 
January is almost upon us. Make your New Year's resolution count and try vegan this January! 
Thank you so much, 
It's coming home 
Also, I've always loved this story about 
It’s massive I have at least 30 on my list, I seriously 
Just made a list of stalls to visit at the 
Night all. Thanks for a good laugh on 
Tucked up beside our friends at 
Just been shortlisted for The Scotsman Food and Drink Awards Best Street Food. DELIGHTED 
If your looking for your weekly dose of 
We’ll be doing a sharing version. 
A big hello from everyone here at 
Looking for something to cheer you up ? 
You can submit music for airplay consideration on 
How about this for a match made in heaven! Cherry Orchard fruit cake, Harrogate Blue cheese & a glass of Sloe Ruby 
Got some yummy beetroot and ginger chutney at 
All set up at my new home for the next 17 days opposite House of Fraser. Original glass gifts and decorations. Browsers and moochers always welcome 
This is how Angela Roca pupils are exploring 
You can catch us on your television this Wednesday at 11pm on RTÉ 2 where we play Other Voices 
Leaving oats soaking overnight is a great time saved in the morning even if your kids want to 'decorate' it 
Thanks to everyone who voted for us - we are thrilled to have been shortlisted for prestigious 2018 weddingsonline Awards 
Thanks so much Ciara ...v kind! 
Signed posters for charity are now available!  
Tumblin in the blue 
A great photo of London Rose Caoimhe Gallagher and Hong Kong Rose Clarissa Langley Coleman who enjoyed their evening representing the Rose of Tralee International Festival at the Irish Film Festival London! 
Well, thank you most kindly! Your kind words are very appreciated. (we love you too)  
Not to mention co-authors of the next 
They really did brilliantly! We hope they are very proud of themselves, and that they will come again soon! 
We’re working on getting some more dates confirmed 
Picture taken by one of our fans 
Fun Day - with my 
So good to see all you guys!!! Thank you very much 
Come join the fun with us at 
Tonight's camp at Twin County is going ahead, report to the fields as normal! See everyone there 
Not long now! Come and join us. Also featuring 
Trade morning underway at 
That's exactly what we were saying! Honestly... like another lifetime. But what terrific memories 
We thought that we had got close to his score and realised it was set on junior mode!
I think i deserve some free 
 has so many new features for teachers to use with their curriculum as instructional tools. 
Missed you guys. 
Can't wait to see you 
Must-reads for anyone interested in British landscape and settlement - great to see them freely available! 
Last minute items, including essentials like Stewart's Milk or Eggs, can always be found right at your local Stewart's Shop 
Thank you to everyone who came along to the 
 Thanks so much babes! Dont be silly it was a busy night, thank you anyway for a really inspiring talk picked up a fab few tips 
disgusting that half eight is a lie in 
We did a live session with 
Cheers Rebecca!! 
I’ve had some great convos with the women in my life these past few days. Tonight, I was tickled at the teehee I was doing on the phone when discussing meeting someone new. Such moments mean a lot - very blessed for them. Night y’all. 
When great minds get together you can achieve anything. This makes me 
Woke up to this today! 
This is the first published piece I've written in English. Writing in another language felt surprisingly liberating! 
Hope you enjoyed it 
 i meet a friend on the airport seconds after this tweet,got a hug,heart is warm again haha 
Me and this blackky 
We're glad that you think so Shari! 
He always manages to put a smile on my face 
I love it when an online shop goes well 
Thanks to everyone who voted for us. Was the perfect end to a brilliant Blackpool! 
TGIF, tonight tonight ...Wild & free
1 is enough. 
Lol yo welcome. 
Hii Friday inakuja mbio! Have you bought your ticket?Karibu kwenye Sherehe 
RT/like to Annoy AVO haters
Maurice is so much around... Now you know where to see him 
This was an album dedicated for Amber Rose. 
It's all smiles for 
Save the date peeps...July 27th
Gave up giving a fuck and my life got better 
Play, eat, smoke, repeat 
So this happened and there's no emoji for it 
It's going to be a jam packed day... Experience a day in the life of me 
Immigrant family recipes will make you feel at home
WENT TO THE BROAD MUSEUM TODAY.. IT WAS VERY INSPIRING IF I MAY SAY 
It was a fantastic evening! Thanks for helping to make it merry 
Looking forward to a few 
Massive congratulations to this endlessly-inspiring woman for leading 
Setting up our demonstration at 
A HUGE thank you to all our wonderful supporters in our 
Sleeptime is happy time for everyone 
Currently taking part in Australia's 
Freshly baked cookies for 
Guess what?! It’s November and it’s almost Thanksgiving!  Make sure you stock up on the best tasting 
I just found out that you also play in 
Never forget the memory 
I can’t stop smiling 
All smiles at sea level 
Offering the best seats in the house everyday 
"They are the best station in the world" Well thank you, R.B Morris 
so proud of my dad 
LHF had a bittersweet farewell this morning, with one of our long time friends and former Little Hero Meg coming in to our office for her farewell morning tea! All the best Meg on your interstate move, and make sure you send us plenty of photos!! We will miss you! 
Proud to have you as an ambassador 
Thanks so much to all of the jockeys and trainers who have supported the 
Ooh but can you please??? You’d be an exemplary Judas 
I’m honoured to feature in this photo with you and those other talented peeps 
Our ambassadors are amazing! Big thanks to 
Such a fantastic morning with Baird Class at Sunny Bank School - so proud to see every child getting braver & braver each week 
Excited to meet Year 4s at Sunny Bank School this morning - lots of fun drama games to share with them. 
7 habits of lucky people:1 wake up early2 complain less3 teach others4 roll with change5 be on time6 kindness7 stay positive 
Fresh off the press, our latest Brighter Futures Newsletter has arrived. Pop along tomorrow to our public event to pick up your copy! 
Had a fab time at our AUKYC assessment day. Now we have the hard job of selecting the team!Feeling v.positive for the future of Scouting 
Looking forward to seeing the show tonight! 
Well, I'm still 'well', still connecting on Twitter, learning more sporadic, still doing my bit 'volunteering', exercise limited and occasionally journaling. However, I do believe in 
Target audience training teachers, NQTs and RQTs.....buuuuut you’re ALL most welcome 
What a storming start to November! We’re so proud to be working with & publish such incredible talent 
Fabulous day doing final preparations for the upcoming Professional Learning Communities - excited to be starting! Maths and Early Oracy 
Calling all unpublished authors...this competition made my dreams come true 
Lovely to see the fab 
So excited... Spanish publication of fandom is tomorrow 
This has cheered me up no end, thank you 
Lovely morning with TAs delivering the OTAP 
Only a few days left to register your place at December's Adolescent Lives conference, a cross-displinary look at all aspects of young people's wellbeing. 
All donations made via wish list will come directly to NNU via 
Glad I introduced you! 
What I said here, I think 
...Or how about joining 120,000 others who have had a go at our online numeracy check. Everyday examples, calculators allowed, mistakes are ok. We’ll even give you help to brush up if you need it 
That looks yummy!!! Can never have enough sprinkles 
 I was excited to hear a S ask What if...? today while solving equations with variables in both sides. 
Teaching Ss HOW to critically think & learn is THE skill for success! Hope you enjoy 
Grateful for the opportunity to work with and learn from all of you. 
We’re having a great day at The Royal Society of Medicine’s (
Perfect break time snack 
Just bought my ticket to see 
Our volunteers are the best! They have these lines running as smooth as can be 
The day keeps rolling along for 
Have you donated yet?? Check out our website to find a location near you! 
My previous account no longer exists-- please follow me here! 
Stitch and Bitch tomorrow will be at COOL BEANS and NOT in the intersection (but still from 3-5) 
I think we have a new favorite way to review! Thanks for telling us about Quizizz 
Glad you enjoyed! 
Way too nice of people over at 
It was great to have you there 
And, again, a HUGE shout out to 
 is a choice! Our careless living habits affect us in the future. So,live 
Just what the Dr ordered. Cracking nights sleep and a belting breakfast 
Happy to have signed up with Compton management 
 amazing job on the panel at Play Summit 2017 
Not the best results but we're still proud! With the last game we're confident 
Look forward to meeting them 
What a tasty lineup! Folk are in for a treat! 
Join us to CELEBRATE Independent creative businesses on our alternative to Black Friday - INDIE FRIDAY!!Share your work & let's SHOP INDEPENDENT! Please retweet 
Just over a week since 
We have a new blog post up if you fancy a read about what to do in Cornwall during the quieter months 
Celebrate bookings now being open for 2018, we are giving you 10% discount if you book a pitch for camping & touring or a Eurotent for 7 nights or more in 2018!
We have a new blog post up about exploring Cornwall in winter, have a read here
This tawny owl was left completely covered in soot after getting stuck in wood burner at a house in Shropshire - luckily he was rescued by an 
We hope you all have a safe & HAPPY 4th of July! 
This is our Thorncombe room. It is available tonight & tmrw. Give us a shout on 01297489215 if you fancied a last minute break by the sea 
Don’t forget Table Skittles tonight at 7.30. Everyone welcome 
Having a quick drink then on our way to the 
Cheers guys hope you all have a super week 
Awesome afternoon yesterday at 
This Wednesday at the Welfare, Eugene Cross Park, pop along for a fun filled and informative evening, and of course some magic! 
I  love being a part of wedding day entertainment 
 Pls RT & Be My Hero ? 
Welcome to the teens, Tahlia!
Really excited to be playing 
jhb family. kitcheners tonight, let’s vibe out 
I'll join you 
 Hey Lloyd,plz retweet this awesome adventure tape link for all U adventure seekers2buy!Its fab!Ta 
Congratulations to our childcare student Abigail Greenslade who is one of the top 5 nominations for the Inspirational Youth Award 
There may be better places to live than Coventry, but few places doing as much cutting edge Beh Sci research as Warwick’s 
My 2 logo design ideas for the ncs T-shirt competition 
Amazing day thanks for having us 
MandemIts okay not to be okayIts okay to not always play the tough guy.Some days it gets tiring trying to hold it together cause "Guys should be tough"Bro I cried the other day, it felt great 
Don't ever underestimate your awesomeness to inspire the next generation to be more awesome still 
....Good luck! 
Just having a chill night catching up with video! Got to love it 
If your child is attending the Bridgeton Burns Competition next week (1st December) they should have an information letter in their school bag. Thank you 
Opening ceremony - done! Can't wait for the rest of the 
Had a *wonderful* time at 
Go see the Trio 3 Brighton Artists Show 
Caught up on Facebook so now catching up on twitter while Scott's on his stag do ! Wedding 
Happy World Vegan Day from the Skip Garden team! Come celebrate with us 
3rd in class at 
 look who I found on Sunday it's 
Love this! Thanks so much 
My dad really appreciate this. I sent this to him &he smiled. He loves & appreciate you guys 
Has it really been a year since 'Here' came out? & so it is 
 'The Wide Afternoon' on the car stereo, 
Thank you for chatting to me 
About to cook rice in bamboo over the fire with the indigenous Li tribe of Hainan, China 
24 things you can do to make a difference this advent 
Wow thanks for even noticing that I had you blocked. I knew you checked my page 
Nice review of my gig 
Amazing to support the legend that is 
Wow very excited to have been nominated for an 
Looking forward to playing 
Boston Globe with list of best classical albums this year, so far. Our RIMUR amongst them, in good company!
OMG I got a selfie from 
Congratulations to our latest graduates of 
Industry & government - it's called teamwork 
No problem - very happy to help out 
Love seeing our new project firefighters being trained up for summer. They are passionate about protecting the community and the environment 
A Sunday well-spent at 
So great to be able to work with The Florida Theatre on this again! Thanks for the memories. 
This has been my mantra for a while now 
Let's See if Facebook Hashtags Get More Reach! You'll like this test result 
Catching the last sun of the day 
London! 30th November at the Islington 
Check out the updated poster for my 
Do what inspires you!  One step at a time, one day at a time - just keep moving forward. 
Lots of updates to my 
I'd love if you'd check out my IMDb profile 
Delighted to share my 
Enjoying this pretty certificate for my 
Thank you so much!! 
Honored to be featured in 
Updated poster for my 
Team work makes our dream of taking care of veterans + their families work! 
Don't forget: our research lunch seminar is happening @ 12:30pm today w/ 
ICYMI: Apply to work as an 
Also carrot cake, bagels, fish and chips, Waze, condoms, USB sticks - oh, and cherry tomatoes 
Home. And - such excitement! - some of our pears are ready for harvesting. There shall be cake 
Come out on Saturday December 2, 2017, to the Bob Marley Museum for the Smile Jamaica Dub Party.  Part proceeds from the event will be donated by the 
He's the star of Channel 5 
Would you rock this? Subway&bus life would be DIFFERENT. 
*ALERT* Are you a 18-30 y/o 
Preseason day 4 - really pulling together as a team
They taste really good 
There were so many beautiful dresses and smiles at 
 2018 is coming to Houston. The Call for Proposals page is now available 
Do you have a 
Few of my favourite things...Sunshine, bikinis and handstand 
Favourite lunch spot with @bearweaseldean , happy days! 
Its good to be home 
Out today: a very different kind of post. Would love to hear your thoughts 
We're open with sun & snow showers this morning. The wind's done a stellar job of drying out our snow & main trails skiing & riding nicely 
Best photo of the day 
What a team. Have a great day. Do your best 
We need to make sure we all smile once in a while ! 
Got to meet a child hood hero tonight!.
At dinner tonight in Valencia eating Chinese & the waiter asked us where we are from. Did not really hit me how odd & kinda cool it is until he asked. 1 Australian1 New Zealander1 Japanese1 Belgian1 American1 Italian
Enjoying a nice pre birthday 
Muddy conditions at yesterday's 
Victory today at GP Cuerciotti
Victory for me yesterday at a national race close to my home
Sorry guys not streaming today but will be a definite tomorrow with some skyrim :) so hopefully see ya then 
Morning well spent Updating 
nvm these kind of ppl bro
Cold day for junior final 
Today is the day! It's still not too late to RSVP! For those who RSVP, don't forget to check your emails to download your tickets or have it open in the app so the QR code bar can be scanned at the meetup to enter in the giveaways! See you all tonight! 
Dream bike and the sun ....perfect combination 
Calendars now available for pre order 
We're really happy to hear this 
25th Nov - Come enjoy the 
What a day this was! Took this while watching 
This is so lovely 
I’m away, but the streaming continues! 
Great to meet the talented team at 
Monday Motivation: Let's work to ensure there are forests for all forever. Look out for our FSC logo to be certain your purchases are coming from responsibly managed sources 
Happy World Kindness Day! On this lovely day, let's not forget to be kind to our earth 
Probably the nicest thing that someone has said about my juvenile sense of humor 
We are really looking forward to tomorrow... 
Glad you enjoyed my adventure! 
It's 4 years today since we first opened our door! Time flies 
We'll be closed for our summer break from tomorrow Monday (21/8) & re open Saturday (2/9) at 9am. See you then 
Fab turn out for tonight's 
Children’s Xmas party booking closes on Sunday. Please can all payments to paid by then thank you 
I'm looking to purchase a full size Boxing ring if any of my 
It was a lovely evening on Saturday! 
Nope despite the sadness they can still smile .. happy ppl 
It must be my lucky day 
This wk we have had 3 new volunteer enquiries across the Division 
Fixers are such a huge part of my social action journey and I wouldn't be where I am without my fixers project - forever thankful! 
That's really lovely 
Welcome to all our 
 what a brilliant evening, went with 4 other English teachers & loved every moment of Simon Armitage. It was great to see some of our students there too, loving poetry. 
When Gary met Emily ...& Berwyn. 
I’m happy to chat more 
HAPPY FIRST DAY OF VARSITY!! Come support 
Looking forward to being 
Sunday night means we have a brand new 
One of my favourite rugby moments! 
: What's on in 
Would anyone be interested in coming with us to see the Litherland Christmas Lights get switched on in Kirkstone Park this Thursday eve? We'd be there from 3:30pm - 5:30pm! Let us know if this is something you'd like to come to and we'll arrange it with you! 
17th November wear pj for children in need 
Last few days to vote for our 
Fantastic win for the U14 
Thanks Lloyd, glad you liked the book and yes I did live my dream 
The attendance for our 
Playing last saturday for Fireball Party factoryclublyon with my babe 
Congratulations AAU - you are now officially open! 
sounds interesting- good for community relations! Watch this space people 
Let's beat the Monday Blues with some happy news 
So when are we going to see you lot in a viral video dance off @MPSThamesmead are you up for it, have a great idea for you if you are 
Great chats at the 'Taste the Greatness' session this afternoon with 
And this is why I love my job 
I hope you have learnt something about Caring for people with Dementia &Delirium  I've delivered on Thurs ,Now its time to shine on ur area
So looking forward to our ESRC IAA-funded mentoring scheme event for international PhD students tomorrow with 
Glasgow team in JURE conference. 
Blackbutt has had a win! We have a long awaited new postcode thanks for your help David Littleproud 4314 
That’s lovely to hear! Thanks for getting it out there 
Hey Steffan, how are you doing? Thanks for your kind words 
Great to meet you 
Need I say more...
Keep collecting Magic Show passes
Complete Recipe Cards to win Recipe Points on 
Help your friends by giving some Chips for the Cookbook Counter
Psst!Guess what launched a little early? 
Maybe a bobble head....but it would take a pretty strong spring to hold the “Hudson head” up....
Big thank you shoutout to 
Most fun volunteer picture ever? Quite possibly! Thanks 
Heeey!!! I can finally announce my new single!! 
Finally back mixing. What songs should i include in this next mix? 
Smile its almost the weekend 
I just made another poster to represent all the cool people and things that masse this year awesome for me 
We're so happy to be here 
London we are playing tomorrow at 
dont forget to presave my song with 
Incredible teammate and person, well deserved 
Congrats buddy! Kid works out a lot. He deserves it. 
Donate between now and 11/24 and 
Just landed in St. Louis for ALAN aka my last major appearance for the year, yaaaaaaaaaaay! 
Need to spruce up a room or a gift?  We can help you with that!  We have lots of decor to suit your needs! 
We had a blast at the National Music Centre - amazing place!!!!!! Thank you for the tour and for your kindness and hospitality 
I can't believe how far this kid has come! 7 years old & heading to Level 6 this year. Rocking her 
 can't possibly get more exciting
Season 12 coming soon on EBS! Like & share my FB official page TechTalk With Solomon & make it 210K followers 
Thanks Stephen - not feeling better yet, but hoping more energy will come my way soon. And I have a 
Always a good time when my love comes to Chicago 
Thank you everyone for chatting! That was fun 
Today we welcomed a brilliant team of volunteers from 
Great pics and I spy our Jayne 
Our Health Mentors can't wait to enter the 
How wonderful .. thank you. That statement makes us all very proud 
Getting the weekend underway with 
So TOI reports on 
Looking forward to seeing lots of familiar friends & new faces tomorrow 
If you go down to the woods today...you might find a fairy too 
Nothing beats a simple supper 
Summer, you are my favourite 
We’re in Shrewsbury Square this Sunday morning at 11am just playing some Christmas music and seeing if anyone would like to come to this lovely event in a couple of weeks....we’re trying to help the wonderful 
We’re trying very hard to help brilliant 
I can't wait to fall in love so I have someone to tell my social security number to 
And check out the 
Thrilled to receive my 
such a true blessing! so excited to officially be a UNI Panther
Very excited to teach a food photography and styling class tomorrow 
Look at our warehouse now 
Our libraries are places where all sorts of groups can meet, from writing groups, to gaming groups, to the Pins and Needles group in these photos in 
@SweetWordsUK you too 
Great competition with our friends at Metcalfe's skinny 
White and Bronze turkeys reared in high welfare conditions at Salwick Hall Farm, available to order now 
Dar and I never believed in being productive on rainy days and I made it this far...movie day it is 
Thank you to everyone who came to show their support for a new East Suffolk Council 
Many thanks Syed. I really appreciate your support 
Thanks for your support Stephen. It means a lot 
Why Poland is the most beautiful country in the world 
Great work - benefits the team as individuals as well as local residents, thank you 
What a treat we have lined up this fine Sunday 
Day 2 of filming for an exiting project coming soon 
New Monday, new job. Brought my spirit animal to 
We've had our eyes on this burger for a while and it did not disappoint... 
Drinking a nice Bloody Mary at the 
What do you think of our dapper Mathew working in our 
A lovely couple just came all the way from Dorset to buy our special in store Camden edition, "The Horse Hospital" 
What a nice ride 
Really happy with how our specially designed packaging for our automatic range turned out 
Amazing perspective next to King's Cross station 
Yum, just tried the Crab Louis at at faves 
We are maybe a little bit too excited about Christmas, 
Over 100 backers and almost 200% funded on 
Tonight from 6pm, a Halloween parade will take place around King's Cross 
We're raring to go for day two of 
 Tried this one yet? Not too shabby! 
Getting ready for the Rose of Tralee TV Show 
Next generation in training backstage 
Giving away these 4 beauties. Winners will be announced on Dec 1. For a chance to win, just re-tweet. 
TONIGHT! FREE ENTRY w/ sounds supplied by Baba Stiltz, DABJ & Big Miz. 
All ADVANCE tickets now gone - 80 will be held on the door, please get down early to avoid disappointment 
Just 10 adv. tickets left for 
So... I decided to build my platform and release it on my YouTube page as no one wants to help, everything was in house.. Rather than looking for a co-sign or kudos we’ve been working for a year to give you content. Help me get it to the masses & RT 
 your time has come 
lets do it! what do you guys want to know? 
TIME. CHANGE. READY. TOUR! tickets go on sale THIS FRIDAY, october 20th! can’t wait to see you all.  new music coming real soon 
Woo! I'm speaking here 20th Nov, in London, alongside some very interesting people. 
Today is Grandparents day!! And I have the best there is 
Loving rehearsals for prisoner 466! Don't want it to end! Come check out what we've been u to with 
Can you spot the Sara? 
How many retweets will he need for an upgrade 
I'll be rooting for 
Bringing joy and positivity to  everyone around you will make you a better person and help others to have a better day. 
4. Get your friends involved!That's it!Don't forget to tag us, follow us and use the 
On my way to the theatre to see Aladdin with 
Remember the 1999 National Draft? We certainly do 
Love the sea...a great time to reflect, relax & recharge...great little mini break 
Morning Tweeters...it's fresh outside today...just right for a morning run 
Proud to have you as an ambassador 
Thanks So Much! 
I can say the same about you. You = Awesomeness! 
seeing everyone on snapmap back in Hudson makes me so happy 
"Life is about moments, create them don't wait for them" 
Pure buzzin to see Thorpey this Saturday 
An hour off road and lunch you say? Tell me more! 
Have a lovely weekend 
It’s not all baubles and tinsel with us... you get 3 fantastic courses and an hour off road! All for £75 per person 
There’s a definite nip in the air today! Stay warm inside our luxurious vehicles whilst you drive around our custom made experience 
 killing it tonight at the 
Surely this is the place to be for the work’s Christmas do?! 
Absolutely amazing!! Fantastic business who capture wonderful moments! She's a star 
I guess christmas is here early ?? hi cutie 
Amazing patio furniture + a view = Paradise 
Awe. Would have loved to say Hi 
Ally Pally is all sold out 
If you're anywhere near Manchester check out this exhibition, highlighting the positives of living with 
Our pleasure! We hope they enjoy their tour - welcome to Oxford! 
And now it is open and the traditional celebratory cake cutting is complete 
What a lovely surprise to receive this certificate! Thank you STEM Learning 
Presentation evening tonight celebrating successes of students past and present 
In conversation with Jeremy Corbyn on 
Due to enhanced security measures 
I may have to change my view of Monday’s being no good for comedy.!!! Tonight at Edinburgh playhouse was something else - thank you everyone who came and made the last two nights simply brilliant 
What a great picture 
That is one of our trucks arriving thehydroglasgow 
Today at 2.15pm on 
very moved by all the support and enthusiasm coming our way 
Sorry I come back later! 
If you have some free time, I invite you to watch 8 min of my last drawing of 
You guys!! For every card that gets sent, $1 is donated to the children's hospital!! It takes 30 seconds, do ur good deed for the day 
This has got to be the best love story ever! Congrats! 
thank you. How can I send you my music
If you're thinking about studying 
So proud to see our 
Top of the league well done boys
Loving rehearsals for prisoner 466! Don't want it to end! Come check out what we've been u to with 
Superb show again Alan & what a treat to hear Cigar Store Indian 
Superb mini-show tonight Alan 
I’m one of the featured Pros of the Week in the BBC 
Thank you - It was nice to meet you ! 
The sore feet will go, but the memories will last a life time! Thank you ladies for a great trip 
Today I had the pleasure of leading our 
Everyone loved the trip to 
Well done to our tag rugby team who competed in the 
 Hi I would like to say that David Lloyd West End Southampton is my Happy Place a big thanks to everyone who works there. 
The Big Frieze has appeared at Little Gonerby 
Any suggestions on where to go 2m for a nice, relaxing drive and maybe an easy walk with my wee dog? I have cabin fever from being off sick!I Need nature and/or castles! 
Looking forward to attending our first ever  
Some beautiful photos! Thank you for posting them! Glad you enjoyed your trip 
There are still five days left to vote. Please, if you haven't already, could you support this and ideally share? 
Apologies for the unhelpful images, forgot to take proper ID photos, can anyone help with an ID for this plant or at least point me in the right direction? Found growing on a dry stone wall in amongst the moss on the Mendip Hills at the edge of a woodland 
A day ill never forget. What an honour to represent my country. Thanks to everyone who has helped along the way.
I would like to say a huge thank you to everyone for all the support, likes, shares and comments, I really do appreciate every single one 
I'm so incredibly happy to have this gallery on the BBC Wildlife website, thank you so much. 
A lovely autumnal image from a couple of weeks ago, I hope everyone is having a lovely weekend. I've decided that after this weekend I'm going social media free on the weekends unless something really exciting happens! 
When the sis comes to visit 
Awesome hearing the national anthem 
What a sweet write up on British Parasnowsport - Snowboard TeamRider Ben Moore! Won’t be long now Ben!!! 
Stunning day for training with 
Hi everyone. I'm a freelance voiceover artist working from a professional home studio in North Lincs. Just on a quick break during a 
We hope our postgraduate open day guests have enjoyed spending time on campus today 
Another lovely, successful day at Howard House. Intergenerational arts & crafts 
Excited to be at NES Glasgow office for my first AHP Falls Fellowship Meeting 
Thanku to the very nice 
Graham from Newmilns Regeneration Association sharing his community highlights and achievements this year at the 
Callander PS pupils talking about the benefits of the wellbeing kitbag to HTs. 
Is is excellent bread! Made for us by 
And our results are in! Well done to both 
Fantastic cafe. Very reasonably priced, quality food and nice surroundings too! Love a meeting in Sensory Centre Cafe 
such an interesting experience last night chatting to 
What an honour to be included here alongside 
A real honour to speak tonight - thank you for inviting me 
how lovely to hear 
Soaking in the sun & planning the next moves. Tomorrow I'm heading to 
TGIF!! We're firing up a big party already in a remote village on 
This was probably my favorite jump of the year 
Congratulations Coach Stephen Francis on the Order ofJamaica!!! Well Deserved 
When your reminded daily that your not in control but God is!!! What a Journey!!! 
Taking Jamaica to the world one city at a time! 
Great day at the BHC Ladies 7-aside ladies tournament 
Brill 1-0 win Vs 
We have 2 dogs and a cat who are all big pals 
Thank you to Frank 
This is me with Grads from both 
Assisted Teachers with DRA Administration today! 
College Fair at Largo High School this Wednesday from 6-9pm!!! Details below 
When you are up in the middle of the night, it’s fun to watch infomercial of spray painting devise with 
Amazing stores created by 1st grade students! 
 Hey there! Could you please help us spread the word about the Elastic{ON} opportunity program helping people from underrepresented groups in tech? Would be very much appreciated 
So good to see all you guys!!! Thank you very much 
Come join the fun with us at 
Tonight's camp at Twin County is going ahead, report to the fields as normal! See everyone there 
Back to me weekly Pilates in the am 
My future daughter in law is Awesome!! Love it Kianna!! 
We love our friends at the 
Our 2018 Facebook event page, please share 
I love a good sale 
Hello Twitter World !! 
And a nice bank account 
Had fun hanging with this gem today 
 Retweets make me very happy 
Kicking open the Diary for 2018 lets make next year even better than this one! Email: Zoelucasbookings@gmail.com All RTs and mentions appreciated! 
They were so yummy, I'd say they're better than candy corn! Thank you 
I'll do my best! 
Been following for a majority of 2017, it's so good seeing someone from the Central Coast making it on the big stage 
Here’s my Elsa girl last night! She had fun but was a little timid going up doors as you can see. 
This Queen is strong & mighty. She loves to inspire and motivate all those around her. Available from our website 
Had a couple of Saturday nights off, but now time to dive back into the madness for the last show of the week 
 Rep Workforce discovery Sessions @ Trinity Police Station this evening, great positive Evening 
So today it's the finishing touches to the website .....Can't wait to share it with you all 
First night back = 40 Explorers and Leaders turn up, including 12 new faces! Must be doing something right, I guess 
Thank you! We're so pleased that you enjoyed 
When your two loves combine in the most pawsome way possible: puppers and politics. 
LONDON! I have my final ‘work in progress’ sharing of 
Don't forget to come and see Jon campling tomorrow 
Excited to be going over to 
Mine is the front cover full page photograph for this years LEITRIM ALMANAC, several more inside too, delighted! 
 was recently awarded a 
 I just have to say that I saw MissSaigon for the first time on Thursday and was literally blown away by how fantastic the whole show was!!! Massive respect to the cast 
2 weeks until Snatch premieres on 
Start Your Monday's with a 
Bumping into this great lady a lot lately, and each time is as special as the last 
Somebody wasn’t feeling well today... I think a day out with his mummy is better than any medicine 
Heres my track on the 'Degrees of light' album 'Come Together' hope you guys enjoy 
Lovely little interview with us on the 
Hah there's our new coffee table in 
What a great result today. Really proud of my boys today.  2-1 winners over league leaders and a good side 
Just bought ur book this morning and looking forward to it,need to do some research for Saturday 
I've now joined the world of Twitter so I'll never miss another post about our mugs 
Check out the latest interview I did for 
Loved funky sound of 
Just arrived at a HUGE bucket list destination here in South America 
Mans universal way of showing Respect & making up 
Looking forward to our Christmas Fun Day tomorrow for our Members!!Its sure to be a great day.. thanks in advance to 
This week we're hosting not one, not two, but three 
Feet sore, should have gotta cab 
We're in the Top100 in the world - 5th year running 
Saturdays are for baking pies. 
Happy birthday to my #1 fan
Hey thanks, we like the view from up there too 
LAST FCA OF THE SEMESTER TONIGHT!! Led 1 final time by the gal who started it all...our great senior leader 
Our 2017 appeal is up and running 
Waterway partnership member enjoying the launch of Journal 1 last night 
Oh, the anticipation 
Happy Monday everyone! Can you guess which location in the National Park is in the picture? 
Welcome to all our 
Replaced my poppy pin with this one from 
Students tell us what they are thankful for at 
'LOVE LIKE VIOLENCE' now available to download and stream from most digital platforms, let us know what you think 
Good news! After a slight technological issue with distribution, 
Surprise crowd of science fans at 
Great night Laura, thanks for organising 
Another great example of collaboration between businesses & charities! Hope it's a great night 
Happy Friday to all of our fantastic followers! Have a lovely weekend 
Covering CVs, Personal Branding & Social Media with the Over 50s on 
Bribery and corruption with celebrations 
Now look at that – there's actual data flowing from the classifier to the browser 
Setting up the machine to learn how sketched buttons look like 
Look carefully & you'll see I was flying the flag for 
If there are any locally based OKs out there willing to help, please get in touch 
Yes, for schools with a Year 7 intake we have the free 
We’re just a short 7-hour plane ride away... 
It's all smiles at 
I can't say I hate being called a "master of suspense!" 
 It's amazing to know that 
 we are so fortunate that all our nursing students get access to this excellent resource 
When your day at work doesn't feel like work at all 
“At a boy Clarence”. Just watched 
Our Red Runners Appreciation Celebration is well underway! Thank you so much to everyone for coming along and getting involved 
No clue. Should be interesting 
THANK YOU BRI!! You’re the BEST!! 
“It was such a thrill. I shall never forget.” 
THIS GIRL CAN WEEK IS NEXT WEEK 
Marian, Head of Medicines Management says "please use the new BNF when you receive them & throw out the old ones!" 
Just a little blast from the past to get you in the mood for later, 
Very happy little lady this morning 
Thanks for all your fantastic support guys 
Thanks for all the birthday love yesterday 
that’s cuz we love each other 
A great way to get into the music industry 
Very grateful for your hospitality! Only been a few days and loving it already 
Playing last saturday for Fireball Party factoryclublyon with my babe 
This feast for the eyes is a banquet for the belly 
We wish everyone a terrific Summer week, and take time to listen to Nature!  
Quick note to obnoxious man on the underground: You do not have the right to more space than me. I too prefer a wider stance. I will not make myself small. You can share the space thank you very much 
Thank you v much for following, 
Thanks v much to 
It's all about the angles...
 welcomed a great group of students 
 bikes waiting for our cyclists 
First day back out on the pitch running today, Shoulder feels great 
Looking for support for Make-A-Wish 
Delighted to be featured in the top 10 pimped out wheelchairs 
Discussing the cover for my forthcoming title Infinite Possibility out June 2018 - just joyousness all round 
What a great idea by Loughrea Rugby Club. Spread the word 
Delighted to get thru to the last 32 of the NI Open here in Belfast,back on tomo again,homebound now just in time to watch 
If there's been a better I have yet to see it.Had everything even the Ref was good 
We often get asked about our name. 
Please vote for the equestrian team all very talented especially my niece
 enjoying the Tanora at 
8 yrs ago I met this marvellous specimen. Still quite like him 
Would you like to read something that will make you smile? 
Thoroughly enjoying how much my daughter is loving Amelia Fang. "The puns are brilliant in this, mum!" 
Thanks for the share 
Sleep out for the accommodation crisis, back gates to the back Boole gates
 this year will be held on Thursday 30th November from 5pm till 8pm. 
More gorgeous autumn colours on the Douro River 
Had such a lovely evening! Enjoy the rest of your tour 
I’m happy to chat more 
The call for papers for our next conference in Cardiff 
Right where Binti belongs. 
Fabulous article and experience Flo. You have some great skills to bring to the profession. 
Did mention i love in Tring 
Harry and Stacey are are currently at 
We sure don't! Thank goodness there are ppl out there like you to help 
Amazing day in Huntington Beach
Looking for inspo for your holiday shopping? 
Yesterday I asked you guys what I should sample to make a beat with, here's what I came up with 
If you're out on Sunday stop & say hi to RSPB volunteer John, he'll be at Binn Green end of Yeoman Hey. Memberships, site & wildlife info 
Many thanks to our many partners who have helped us with our ‘green journey’.
Thank you to all our customers in 
Good morning everyone! Lauren, Emma and Adam are your team today. If you need us please send us a tweet! Happy Wednesday 
If YOU see this & care about PEOPLE & PLANET, please add your SUPPORT to the BIGGEST live thunderclap ON EARTH using 
 WEEKEND TEAM CHALLENGE:Please FOLLOW 
The buffet is open! 
Special treatment, special bird. Love it or hate it..I enjoyed it 
It's definitely an exciting time to be a marketer. 
Many thanks to Lindsey at 
We did knock spots off last years total amount raised for Children in Need: this year we raised £340! Thank you for your support.
Charming and slightly alarming, as I had to remind myself it was a sketch and not a very, very motivated cyclist! 
Lovely to meet you Adrian 
Today we are proud to announce the opening of our 400TH STORE in Houston, Texas! We hope you'll stop by and see us, Houston Cheesers. 
Well you’ve got me and 
Mrs Hardwick will be happy 
Good morning friends! 5 more stages to go 
nuthead__ in the barrel, well sort of 
It was a fantastic evening wasn’t it! We were very lucky 
Our beautiful Winter Exhibition opens today! Looking forward to seeing you 
Night all. Thanks for a good laugh on 
So proud to be part of 
Stocksfield Striders Arran relay has started, it's going to be a great day 
Retweets welcome for our fab 
Please everyone give this a retweet and hopefully something special can be done for Mae on the day of the gig 
I love it when an online shop goes well 
Our All In group were busy decorating Pudsey biscuits this morning. 
What a Happy Birthday 
Thanx again for your wonderful music 
 cheers for sharing Matt 
With a little help from my friends 
Looking forward to a mini road trip this weekend to see the folks and gaze over in wonder to the Isle of Arran 
A little thank you goes a long way - and makes me well up 
Last night marathon 24 happened 
Good morning.... 
Sparklers are great fun but please don’t leave them on the beach at the end of the night. Gather them up & put them in a bin (when cool!)
Want to join the team at Lincoln Students' Union as a Marketing or Entertainments Assistant? Apply now!Vacancies close Monday 20th November at 8am, visit the link for more info. 
Look at our warehouse now 
Was a pleasure to be there, hope to be in your neck of the woods soon 
Glad you enjoyed it 
Both coming up, sir.. 
Afternoon tea in Wonderland anyone? 
We got some good news this week from our colleagues in Italy! Last week we were awarded as a Dyslexia Friendly Company from the Italian Dyslexia Foundation 
Fab taster lunch in a stunning location today - thank you 
As the saying goes Invention is the Child of Necessity (Is that how the saying goes?).This week we talk about the inventiveness of people throughout the ages and throw in a few ideas of our own. Have a listen 
Thursday night we will be open until 8pm 
Huge thanks to the children and their families for their wonderful dressing up efforts today for 
We want to say THANK YOU to our amazing customers for another awesome year! 
We had such fun in Art, using a range of materials to sketch & draw shells. 
An amazing day at 
This fab community-led park on our doorstep in Brixton / Stockwell is in trouble and needs your help! Please take a minute to lend a vote 
And we’re off! Day 1 of Chatsworth Christmas Market down, another 18 more days to goooo! 
We're super excited to share our new 
Amazing! Thanks to all who donated! 
So grateful to have you all! 
I gotta go get this stinking flight! Sorry I couldn't do more, but thanks a lot for the questions, I'll do more next time 
This is why you should listen to KOSI 101.1 throughout the holidays 
A Big thank you goes to Robert Brinkerhoff for bringing the lecture together, his thoughtful and kind introduction, and for making the beautiful poster. ￼
This tawny owl was left completely covered in soot after getting stuck in wood burner at a house in Shropshire - luckily he was rescued by an 
If anyone is wanting to do something to help the less fortunate this Christmas, friends of mine are collecting selection boxes to take to food banks. If you’d like to help then drop them in at the shop and we’ll pass them on. Thanks 
Hilda, our 1000 litre Kothe still has been installed. Don't think we'd factored in how much cleaning we'd need to do 
All tuckered out after a fab day at Trentham Garden centre 
We are open 'til 5 p.m. today. Don't forget we are closed on Monday! Back open on Tuesday at 9 a.m. 
When you show the world what you can do! 
Some of our fabulous 
good morning just a friendly reminder that just because someone is denying abuse allegations doesn't mean they are in the clear 
Had an amazing night taking photos of 
FULL TIME: Lowestoft 3-1 Leatherhead! Thanks 
Looking forward to seeing your film 
Going to create a thread for my mixes. 
Hey guys, just wanted to share my lovely lady’s illustrations 
Preseason day 4 - really pulling together as a team
16 great voluntary groups are supporting this 
 I have one very happy goddaughter having received a birthday gift from your TW shop. She's currently learning to spell her name, so the wooden scrabble letters work a treat! Thank you 
A nice, positive story about a transgender methodist minister. Didn't need the 'before' photo, but a nice mention for 
Love you guys!!! More new music coming soon! Let’s keep forgive and forget 
Great to see our friends from 
Please Help!  Our Fab Veteran Volunteer Larry! He Needs A Job! Served 22 Years In The Guards But Was Sadly Made Redundant When 
And a good read it is. 
I’m so happy! Thank you so much!
This was a great idea! I really love the concept of this session and benefitted a lot from the reflection time 
Pleased to have you here! We are glad you enjoyed. You're always welcome, keep visiting us. ^ MA 
Instagram - danthomastattoogo give it a like please thats where i will be posting all my art from now on 
Stream is up! GB's and pubs 
I'm looking to commission some personal stream alerts (subscriber, donation, follow pop ups) - please lmk if you are available 
Welcome to the teens, Tahlia!
Really excited to be playing 
We have a new Ram Fan of the Month for the month of November! Check our website to see if its you 
Join me and OnePlus this week for the OnePlus 5T 
NEW VIDEO: OnePlus 5T vs iPhone X Speed Test! RT's appreciated 
Was great hanging out with 
Way too nice of people over at 
I never do Selfies ...why not today 
All smiles at sea level 
"BOOK NOW" Gotta do as 
That was really good 
The children will have lots to tell you about this when they get home today parents 
Ready to meet some potential teachers at the Appalachian State Teacher Fair. 
!!! The weekend is here
Season 1 ended but watch out for season 2! 
Prom 2k16 with the love of my life....ME!!
You have until noon THIS FRIDAY to apply to be the new 
Fantastic news! Money well spent
So chuffed it’s happening - I can’t wait to hear you all sing my new piece 
Cant seem to help myself shimmer and 
Only 15 replies left to go! 
You know you want it...
Tomorrow, NECA House would host the best and most reputable digital media experts for 
Come join Adam and our other awesome members in 2018!  Sign up to be a 2018 Dubs Member today!  Just follow the link below 
I'll be walking 
Myself & my snaps can be found at 
We have small and Medium BAM! and POW! Necklaces at our Cork Sample Sale 
AP class 24 happy outdoors 
Delighted to announce, Bumblebee Wreath Workshops, 28th Cork city, 30th on the Flower Farm.  Catch us in Cork while you can! RT's appreciated 
I just made another poster to represent all the cool people and things that masse this year awesome for me 
Such an exciting morning 
We're proud to embrace the future. Speaking of which, when are you applying for your e-Residency, Vitalik? 
Honored to be one of the 9 speakers for TNW NYC 
Nothing but respect for MY president - great seeing 
Without having to Google the answer would you be able to name the first woman in space? 
Thanks for the opportunity! 
Amazing day thanks for having us 
Have a minute to spare? We would love to hear your feedback! Click the link to let us know how we're doing 
 log onto MyUTK & choose 
I nearly didn't recognise you with your new hair! 
Our 2nd graders learned we are all different , and worked together to remember to always be kind.
What a nice cake! We recommend to bake a chocolate cake with Change Chocolate 
It is part of a radio tour. I am a guest of the radio show - not part of my tour 
Tomorrow is the big day, friends! To the good people of 
I'd like to give free access to this course to women/POC students who want to learn web development! Please retweet and share! 
IF YOU DONT WATCH DONT CALL YOURSELF A FAN 
Arrived in Nottingham for 2morrows NAPO agm where I am sitting on a panel discussing women in the CJS 
We’re proud to sponsor 
What a fantastic group photograph! 
Podcasted about this today! 
you’d be very correct
Inquiring minds want to know! Well, specifically, my mind 
I belong in any room U enter and if U don’t feel Like you belong, act like it!your feelings will catch up 
highlight of my day today will be receiving my 
A smile is a universal language
Being happy is a very personal thing and it really has nothing to do with anyone else
I do get mad but it's pointless to wrinkle because of it,when i could just smile and feel better
Suppliers will be over the moon to do business with you. 
My fans are the best! 
 hobo diya bhool hol saage excitementot... when the intentions are good everything is ok.
And yes.. I just admitted it.. LeBron is better than Michael Jordan! We can start the twitter argument if you want.. I’m ready 
Now there's an idea. Watch this space 
We'll be posting info on the travel & accommodation packages soon enough. Stay tuned & welcome to Rusinga Island. 
Ukiere woona! We hope you've been well. How about 2 new words today? If they sound slightly similar, to a language you know, do tell us. 
Thank you for having me on it Guls! You are on the top of the list of my all time favourite composer/producers 
I saw you in ravishing blue saree and heard you take my name from the bright stage. I’m small but did understand how great it was to hear my name echo in the auditorium. Thank you for loving me 
Thankyou bhaji im so humbled with ur support and blessings and im super excited for the song release tomorrow
4 more days to go 
So pleased to be joining the team! 
Have just enrolled in a class that I hope will give me the confidence to try writing a new genre..under a different name, of course 
Sat in front of TV with my knitting before 7.30pm - Bliss... 
Off to see Mum & dad... 
Woke up to this FABULOUS 5 star early review for A STRANGER IN THE COVE! Thanks so much 
 I hope it’s true you’re going into 
In at no 13 lovely 
Just what you need on a cold rainy Tuesday, a lovely roaring fire at 
Make sure you save room for pudding 
Have you got a favourite Gin ? Our new menu is available 
Modelling this beautiful lingerie set from gossarduk 
Ok it's official, you all agreed, I'm growing my hair back out 
 in the news again! 
Congratulations to Robin & Gary 
See who came out on top in the last Argentina Wine Awards 2017 
A sneak peek at tonight’s red wine line-up. Argentina takes over WSET Level 2 tonight 
Proud to say PLATFORM_ is shortlisted for BTR/PRS Operator of the Year in the 
Processing means separating and buching together blooms for our beautiful flower peeps. Wednesdays are the best days. 
congratulations, fantastic news that local interest group has won Lydiard Park bid and not some anonymous corporate 
Superb concert tonight. Especially the Vivaldi Four Seasons. David Le Page mesmerisingly brilliant 
Stepping out on the majestic stages of 
Think I spotted filming of Poldark today in Greenwich!! 
had a lot of fun workin on dis bit w patti & 
Can’t wait to get the book - fab pic fr b & Ronan 
I had the best year on this programme! Please do share and apply 
Hope you enjoyed ! 
Hocus Pocus Bestus Captionus and Singus! Bravo 
Excited to be invited to perform the entire cycle of Mozart piano sonatas in 2017 in Triskel Arts Centre Cork 
Although we don't do recommendations we are always happy to retweet 
So lovely to meet with Clem from 
 fab event this evening 
Absorbing and Compelling : Tango Moderno – Milton Keynes Theatre 
I just launched my first 
Fab 5* Review for 
Thanks for a lovely evening every one Well worth the trip especially seeing lots of smiley 
Finally got around to voting for 
Come and talk to us, find out what we can do to help you market your Dartmoor/Devon business whether it's accommodation, an activity, a place to eat/drink, service or a retail product 
And they were voted Highly Commended in the Best Spirits category of the 
Goodbye to your heavy hearts. 
Come out on Saturday December 2, 2017, to the Bob Marley Museum for the Smile Jamaica Dub Party.  Part proceeds from the event will be donated by the 
Thanks so much to all of the jockeys and trainers who have supported the 
Working with the general public gives me great satisfaction 
Hoi, Rotterdam! Haven't got any plans for Saturday night yet? Seize the day, and come to see us at “I Love Urban” festival this weekend.Also, it is a great pleasure for us to meet our supporters all over the world! Let’s meet ! 
It was great having 
New Year's Eve is coming up quick! What're your plans? We're gonna party with 
 Was privileged to see you at Blacks last night - truly one of the most wonderful and moving performances of my life, thank you 
Results of the 24 hour poll. People seem to prefer Tayto 
Gift drive is going well. 
And they've done it! 19 cycling heroes, 240 miles, 4 days - Lands End to Bristol!! Amazing 
We can't decide our fave, so we'll just take one of each 
Can’t wait 
 see you soon? Okay on the real guys, have your friends liked this 
Done something iv never done before.. watching to movies at the cinema... one after the other, watched Thor now I'm gonna watch justice league 
 am Kenyan, I really liked your single "gwe ansanira". Can you please make an acoustic version? 
While hunger is a serious issue, our community of 
Hey don’t forget about the R rated movies!!! Hahaha thank you Will 
We're open with sun & snow showers this morning. The wind's done a stellar job of drying out our snow & main trails skiing & riding nicely 
Had a great time with you guys last night at 
Choi Kee in Wanchai to satisfy all your  late night cravings :-) 
 ...it’s been good! Now on 
Check out my short 
I'm still excited 
 My Ss Love the creativity and fun that they get from playing with Monster!! 
Get a free Lindt Excellence Chocolate bar! Download the Shopmium app and use my referral code s49c4 
If you haven’t followed 
I can’t with this dress man. You are a magical dressmaker with Harry Potter-like skills! Thank you! Thank you! Thank you! 
At the finish line
Changing lives with every delivery, yesterday 
Fabulous box of Betty's cakes in dressing room at Forum Northallerton. Proper northern welcome! 
 Professor Irene Higginson OBE excellent presentation  'What does the future hold for dying people in the UK' -  focused on the future trends that will have a key impact on models of Palliative and hospice care. Excellent speaker 
That winning feeling... nygiants 
Got to watch the last 8 mins of the 
 Russian envoy Nikolay Kudashev tells my colleague 
Everyone please make a note about Perambulators in Bandra Gymkhana 
Dancing shoes ready for tonight in Mumbai 
Watch this video clip to know why 
Now that’s a great brand image to have! 
Never met my grandfather. Roshan lal Nagrath, I call him daduji. But I know him thru his music. ‘जो वादा किया’ n ‘ताल मिले नदी के जल से’ sooth my soul. He was one of d greatest yet never chased d fame. Today v celebrate his 50th death anniversary. ( d cute kid is my dad
U can't run from d Shadow, but u can invite it to dance. 
 Started watching Bose Dead/Alive in the afternoon.... Finished the whole series at night... Going to watch it again tomorrow 
For my daughter & her future & many more daughters!Thank-you 
Never saw this while playing...very very humbling. 
Australia starts as firm favourites to win the Ashes...England would do well to win or draw 1 Test out of five. Early prediction. Bricks/bouquets later 
Now there's an idea. Watch this space 
Releasing on 15 Dec 2017
 will be coming online soon 
Good luck and hope to see the full film very very soon 
Wish you a verrry happy birthday Ajinkya! Cheers to one of my sweetest Co stars!
We're caught....well captured too!
Thanks for the great chat Anil 
The tubes are ready for us! Question is... are you? Don’t forget your coats on the way to work next week 
It's Motivational Mondays 
We can't wait for this next week! We'll be joined by the wonderful 
WOW!!!!! Just saw this 
Love letter received with love 
Walking up a brand new path to a brand New Year!!!!
Wish you all a 
Congratulations to the most lovely couple 
Wish you all a  Happy and prosperous dusserah 
Being yourself is the prettiest thing you can be. 
In between the Shots 
Proud to have you as an ambassador 
May this Diwali bring endless moments of joy and love to your life. Happy Diwali
Having a great time with 
There is always a reason to smile... everyday 
 Swapnatli tu pariAlvar shi basriTujyat sapta sur vajeZure nisha bawri...Wishing my Beauty Queen, style Queen , my inspiration.. A very very happy wala birthday Amu di.. God bless u always.. Keep smiling, keep rocking.. Enjoyy d day.. I love u soo much
I am sure you have done a fabulous job again with 
wooow very lovely, very enjoy & i very like song 
wooow amazing, handsome & lovely look distos 
 ACP Nandini Shukla is just too good in the movie...Her action scenes are treat to watch...!!
Thankyouu Punekarss for d superbb response!!! 
A misty, but pretty start to November - I'll take that 
 It was fun meeting you in Indore.  U r a great entertainer both On stage and Off stage... Hope to see you soon.. 
My 'Student of the Year' experience!Had received 8 different awards for sports, cultural n academics..n d hunger continues
My fans are the best! 
 hobo diya bhool hol saage excitementot... when the intentions are good everything is ok.
7 yrs Back I guess. 
Interesting analysis by .
 and for my next magic trick... SOMETHING LEGENDARY 
Thank you so much bhai 
When you realise that love isn't just about being together. It is also about LONGING to be together
Perhaps...love is actually when you find happiness even in missing them...in crying for them...when even that you love
On that note...hello
The light amidst darkness...the peace amidst chaos...and positivity...uff
A very warm welcome to one of  the most talented actors 
Flying high frm Kolkata 2 mumbai with d proud father of my fav 
Cuteness takes on a whole new meaning when two old friends 
What a vibrant poster! Full of positivity & festive spirit 
Oh, the anticipation 
Unfolding a new journey of storytelling.My next film 4 cinema lovers wth 
Hi ladies!!! 
The big show is celebrating 
Happy Monday! Sharing a video of my performance at the 
Fresh cranberries are small, tart, and vibrantly red. The classic Thanksgiving fruit, they evoke images of flickering fireplaces, family gatherings, and cozy sweaters. 
In Paris, finalizing the last preparations for the exhibition "Army of Poets 
It's Wednesday which means its community meal day from 6pm 
Is is excellent bread! Made for us by 
And our results are in! Well done to both 
This morning’s run took me to over 1200 miles run of my 
 Great to celebrate 40 years of building community with you. So many young people now know "if you think you can, you can!" 
One of local fells Knock Pike at sunset this evening as I set off up fellside for a wild camp. Cracking light caressing the area again! Hoping for a clear starry night soon 
Love outdoor exmoor, great article, get out in the freshair! Wimbleball lake is just a short drive from Little Dragons cottage 
That's exactly what we were saying! Honestly... like another lifetime. But what terrific memories 
A real honour to speak tonight - thank you for inviting me 
Another lovely video from our Gala 
What an honour to be included here alongside 
Hello people!! Good luck everyone!! The 
A simple smile or a hello can completely change someone’s day today. Hello! 
Gorgeous photo of the lantern procession 
First bowl out here in Perth today, good to get some miles under the legs 
What a day at Chepstow races today! Last 2 races, 2 winners 
Thanks for all the messages today regarding Ashes Selection 
What a win, contributions from everyone involved 
Not the way we wanted today to go but events at The Oval puts everything into perspective! Glad everyone was ok 
Love Dark Souls 1-3, Bloodborne & Demon Souls? Tune in on December 1-3 to watch some of the best players in the world showcase speedruns, races, challengeruns and more for charity, you don't want to miss this! 
What a lovely surprise! We are very much looking forward to welcoming you both 
You are the sweetest. Thanks so much for your support 
Thank you! I’m so excited 
Very exciting day ahead 
In conversation with Jeremy Corbyn on 
Due to enhanced security measures 
I may have to change my view of Monday’s being no good for comedy.!!! Tonight at Edinburgh playhouse was something else - thank you everyone who came and made the last two nights simply brilliant 
What a great picture 
That is one of our trucks arriving thehydroglasgow 
Today at 2.15pm on 
Make today day one 
Wonderful night last night watching Mack & Mabel with the 
It was lovely to finally meet you too. Can't wait for the next tour! 
Wooh! Can’t wait 
Here’s a little snippet of ‘Tell Me It’s Not True’ From 
From my last visit 
Great to have been interviewed. It's Kate Bell not Allen
As long as it’s just the one, no problem! 
I have a ticket to 
Great photo! It’s come full circle now ay! Bringing back some great memories of our days! Good to catch up tonight 
Thanks very much to everyone for all the support and congrats messages today! Overwhelmed with it all 
SPARK is hiring! We are looking for someone who has experience on admin and finance. We are based in Araneta Center-Cubao, Quezon City. Please let me know if you know someone interested guys. 
Thanks a lot! It was a blast 
Made my day (3). Merci 
A challenging adventure is about to unveil on The Jordan Trail! Stay tuned 
So this lad comes up to me at an event with his old jacket we signed in 
I mean naturally I’m gonna have to spend £1000000 on adapters just to use it but hey. What else would I expect from Apple apple 
Yes I did and it was amazing. Next time we will march together Anita. 
Almost on the road too! 
 Hi there, couldi ask you kindly to RT my drawing of you with a little feathered friend, thank you 
Such a good episode tonight! What a fantastic 200th episode it was!! 
Save the Sharks this Giving Tuesday, 11.28.17! Please think of Sea Shepherd this Holiday Season as we continue to Defend, Conserve, and Protect our Oceans! 
Brought the sun with me to Krakow 
Loved being on the radio to talk breast cancer awareness and CoppaFeel with 
We had a blast at the National Music Centre - amazing place!!!!!! Thank you for the tour and for your kindness and hospitality 
Love the Inspire Cafe!!!!!!! 
guess we won this
So today my good people y'all shot and y'all missed!!! 
Wandering is my favorite activity. I just find the most amazing things. 
Here’s my Elsa girl last night! She had fun but was a little timid going up doors as you can see. 
Let’s start the week with a smile 
A friendly shoulder to lean on 
On the 30th of November Soweto Theatre presents to you 
We couldn't agree more! If in doubt, add more 
Please tell a friend 
5 Scouse tweets from an epic weekend in 
27 bags of coats at Kings Cross station! This is incredible!! Thank you to the team who were stationed there today and of course the public 
All ready for today's workshop 
Instagram - danthomastattoogo give it a like please thats where i will be posting all my art from now on 
Thanks so much to Emiratesfir allowing us to use your lounge to freshen up before taking the baby home 
Me and the roomie 
Thanks for the big shout out  
Last night was fun. 
We love a happy smile, vol.2! 
We love a happy smile! 
Good morning Tigers! Join us today for our World Kindness Day celebration starting on Library Bridge. See you at 8 AM 
Great day on the For Honor floor. We did our first teamwide play session on Dedicated Servers! 
Ending the night with a few games of PUBG 
WOW!!! Ses’ Madjozi in some scenes from the short film last night 
I love it when braids start to get a bit old and natural looking 
They all did! Massive thanks to Ian & Brittany for being simply fab! 
Need a round of golf tomorrow.....hit me up someone
Fantastic to be invited to the 
Alright, let's do this my 
Going live tonight, continuing on with 
No stream tonight (working boo) but check out my awesome friends 
LIVEEEEE! Kicking the stream off with some ETS2 Promods, jumping into a Multiplayer Convoy at 9pm! 
Great 3 points today, put us right back in the mix and I know we can still up the gears on our performances 
Today I had the pleasure of leading our 
Busy day today, we've got the Turners in for lunch, then 
Live in about 20min with more BR's. Which one should we start with today? 
WE ARE NOW A TWITCH AFFILIATE 
In the interests of creating good quality content (and not passing out from sleep deprivation!) I am going to skip tomorrows upload. Sorry to disappoint, and I hope you enjoy Thursdays episode! 
VOTE B AGAIN VOTE B AGAIN 
We're so happy to hear so many of you love our Organic Lavender Hand Sanitizer 
The best feelings come from giving back to others 
Kevin told me I was the cutest girl at the dentist office
Sunday roast & watching Countryfile by the fireplace. No place like home 
Yes it's basic but thank you 
Had a sweet bro date with 
it’s a great friggin day 
Streaming the 2nd round of the CWL 2K w/
Bring your baby to work day 
Going to start using instagram 
The canal towpaths are some of the most picturesque places to ride in 
Hey we are on the indoor stage when he finishes up! Free entry with 
 hope you enjoyed this new jam! 
A brilliant weekend at 
Yes! We will be tweeting from this account and also using 
Come see us at freshers fair Wednesday 20th September @ Salford Uni 
We do the news at mirrornow_in. Good news too 
What a pleasure it was to meet Peter Randall-Page at this event today and very much enjoyed his talk 
Although the weather wasn’t perfect for a morning of filming by the 
12 artisan printmaking friends exhibiting in Bath until 19th November 4 pm. It has proved so popular we've had to re-stock. 
More examples of how easy it is 
Some of my Bath prints, mounted and ready to frame 
All booked and now counting the days till December!! 
That first step should be much bigger and higher ones more shallow to encourage All to climb the first and then start running up the rest. We can do it... you have just got to take that big first step
Front page of the Northern echo and page 16/17 of the daily Mirror 
After two years of waiting , we have finally made the national press 
If you're living in 
We’re proud to cater for passengers with disabilities here at Manchester Airport. Come down to our 
Come down to our 
Glad to be in Gloucestershire... always pleased to be part of your walk or bike ride! 
Love my new lists book from 
Having a fab time introducing them to 
We thought that we had got close to his score and realised it was set on junior mode!
Diolch Ruth and thanks for all that you and our hospital colleagues do as well 
Spent this evening watching Sully and then Blue Planet II. Totally different but both utterly incredible. 2.5h chill time, well spent 
What a lovely bunch of people the Pedalcover team are! Thank you so much 
Some cheeky quick fire questions with Limitless Pursuits. 
Year 2 enjoying their pudsey biscuits for children in need 
Tonight at 8pm we have 
Our Mobility Advisors Dan, Lee and Pat are ready to discuss your child's accessibility needs at Kidz to Adultz Manchester 
Brilliant couple of days learning 
Watched a wonderful production of 
How fantastically festive & fab was that?! Loved 
19 days to go and still £1791 to go on our 
Who says the tide isn't turning? Roomful of 
Slightly in love with the tiles 
Wake up workout 10 min mobility.! Give yourself the time it’s worth it. 
Watching 8th graders walk onto a HS campus while the HS Ss cheer for them is both inspiring and fun...their faces! 
It's finally here!! My debut single 
London we are playing tomorrow at 
Can I make it so that James Earl Jones is reading the narrative in my head? 
 Want to know exactly when new music is heading your way? The date is now up on Kewe! 
Are you ready for new music? 
Thank you so much! It was a great pleasure to work on that issue (in ALL of them to be real) 
WE ARE SO EXCITED FOR DESPICABLE ME 3! Be sure to wear your jewelry from our Despicable Me Collection! 
Indeed it is. 
Have a great first day at the AAR & SBL Annual Meeting! 
Only one more week until 
Do you want to see behind-the-scenes footage of the MCCA? Follow us on Instagram! 
and made these hats for 
Last night was Jace’s very first concert & he got to go on stage with 
Hands down one of the best concerts I’ve been to in a long time . Wicked performances !!
Had fun hanging with this gem today 
Winona, Cara, Gaten, Millie, Caleb, Finn, Sean, Dacre, Charlie, Natalia, Joe, Paul, John, Rob, Brett, Noah, Sadie, Linnea, SusanSo proud
Ayeeee, there it is! But, hey, thanks for the read 
Only 15 replies left to go! 
Disney On Ice is back next year, as Tinker Bell takes audiences on an enchanting pixie-dust filled journey of beloved Disney tales in a new show entitled Disney On Ice presents Dream Big. 
 celebrations in Bulawayo. My 
Y'all are too kind! 
Happy birthday to my favorite person in the world 
She Is awesome,so happy for her 
Thank you so much!!! I saw you there... 
All of my enamel pins that are for sale on my website/etsy 
My pins and patches are now on ASOS Marketplace 
Thinking of designing some necklaces and beanies 
This is about half of my space pin collection. Aren't they cute? 
Had it on again this evening 
Made the big board at 
Feeling like a rebel on my Samsung phone at the Apple store 
This week we're hosting not one, not two, but three 
And his sister! MashaAllah, lovely family 
Retweet and follow if you agree
Retweet and follow if you would lick my morning boob 
Retweet and follow if you like Titty tuesday 
Retweet and follow if you like a clean pussy 
How about that for 
What a week! First week of filming over 
Great to see my Scottish family today 
Early morning stroll to the farm and Carpe Diem! 
Come on you Spurs 
School  all the way in Scotland using my Reciprocal Teaching prop ideas to improve comprehension! Wonderful workP3/2! Wish I could visit
We’ve had a busy 
Honoured and excited to be a part of this great group this summer 
That’s the 
Girls’ Football Week kicks off TODAY 
Delighted to have been nominated for The Drum Creative Awards 
The finalists have been announced and we are delighted to have been nominated in two categories for 
Proud to have told my story for 
So excited about this!
Watching the ever inspirational 
Super excited to have co-directed a new short film featuring these amazing trans folk, in association with 
Very exciting to be screening at our first 
Groundworks are nearly complete, we're looking forward to lifting the 1st steelwork next week and welcoming the children on site to watch 
Mans universal way of showing Respect & making up 
Hopefully we'll have the pleasure of riding your radio waves again in the future! 
Never forget rinsing the reds in school the next day. Those were the days 
Love the comparison to 
Ahh just had the best hour listening to 
He/she made to Hammersmith by mid-race; unless there’s more than one 
S= Still H= Here I= Ignoring N= Negative E= Energy 
When one door closes, another one opens. 
Thanks for joining us yesterday, 
What a wonderful thing to wake up to 
Best way to kick off the week 
It's SHOW DAY!!!!!!! I seriously cannot wait for you guys to see what we have tonight....... a bit of Deja Vu 
You can do anything you set your mind to
Reaching 1,000,000 YouTube subscribers LIVE on stage at the Matthew Hussey Retreat!!!! Can't thank you all enough! 
 I think someone heard the suggestions you kept brining up over the last week about our area corporations not stepping up to save the parade. Whoomp there it is
Thank you, Chuck! Please pass along my thanks to your wife & I hope you both have a great Thanksgiving! 
Let’s all get 
Turning on the NFL pregame and seeing packer hater Troy Aikman and Joe Buck calling the game. 
When you start something, it seems to follow you wherever you go
Hellooo Class X! Congrats to new and current friend. 
Pleasure to speak! Thanks for being there. 
Really liking my Echo Dot. 
Proud sponsor of the 
Cascadia family and friends are here at the 2017 NAMI NW Walk. 
You are truly welcome Genoveva 
Many thanks Mo!  Happy Sunday to all 
I met so many happy smiley 
You are most welcome! 
Rockin’ Wednesday Forkster/Tim & folks 
Awesome gig thank you 
Tomorrow, NECA House would host the best and most reputable digital media experts for 
Today is a very exciting day! We have 
I'm cool with it if it's just for personal videos and you link to 
excellent piece of work needs some promoting 
You can now pre-order me book!!! 
 Thank you for your music and your follow! I love your talent, continue to manage Ladies! 
HERE’S THE OFFICIAL GIVEAWAY RULES IM SO EXCITED YALL (The gift is the T-Shirt on MerchNow if you want to take a look 
Hi, Boston! This is TODAY! 
Thought of the day at Crewe railway station 
So pleased to be joining the team! 
Life is so great lately, I've never been so happy
He never gave up and always believed in himself . to say I'm proud is a understatement 
We had a successful young writer's workshop 
Massive congratulations to this endlessly-inspiring woman for leading 
This is a great example of designing systems. It's yelling out for 
So it begins! 
When you wake up & remember you got fresh leather 
Happy happy business as usual at RELAY on Concession.  Come for coffee 
Five weeks til Christmas means (among other things)  five weeks to enjoy RELAY's EggNog Cold Brew.  The fridges are stocked up! Delish 
Tomorrow is the Hamilton Santa Claus Parade & the 
We will share with you the results when we find out on 11/15! 
very moved by all the support and enthusiasm coming our way 
Always a good time when my love comes to Chicago 
I challenged my PLT mentees to pass 10 focus areas 
The SRC's Health-Research Concepts Competition has begun!!!!! Check out the SRC's webpage, 
Come stop by the SRC table this afternoon during the MSU Student Organization Fun Fair! 12-4 PM on the USC front patio! 
I could watch minions with my son, Rehras all day everyday! 
Who needs dancing with the stars when you have dancing in classrooms?! Wonderful job, 5th grade! 
For a change I got to photograph Mark Shearman  
I'll be performing at this Fri 22nd 
 Thanks for using one of my 
Another beautiful day! Bring a book and sit at a sunny table and we will supply some delicious food
Great night out in Mansfield raising money for food causes 
Love the Inspire Cafe - see you again soon!!!!!! 
Escape the cold tonight with a hot bowl of OG Duck Chaufa at Baro! Walk-in tables are set aside 
Our products are handmade with Love! The ultimate source of health from Slovakia. For you... 
Please share far and wide 
Amazing to have you with us. Thanks for the support. Can’t wait to see the reports! 
This lady is a legend! Got me through my driving test 
 At the Dudenhofen Grand Prix in Germany with winner of the Men's Sprint Jack Carlin 
Nawww what a nice pony 
3 hours left to enter Kingussie! We are sitting at 170 entires, let's see if we can get a few more! 
At the OVO store launch today
We're super chuffed to have WON the Swansea Bay Tourism Awards category of Best Activity Provider! Thanks to all our passengers and our fantastic crew 
We’ll be there! 
Very Merry Christmas for all players and friends of Glasgow Handball Club! 
Milan at the end of the month 
Only up side of my crazy boyfriend wanting to food shop at half 12 is I get yummy midnight snacks
We've had a great day despite the rain at our final 
Good morning to everyone getting up bright & early for today’s 
 Proud to continue supporting 
You don't have to be extreme, just be consistent 
Good things happening with great people. 
So good hearing my 5 month old sons grandpa singing incy wincy spider to him in Tongan 
This! Particularly V40 finisher status 
Open for a surprise 
 there is a difference between concrete and cement. Thanks to 
Great to drink tea and share stories 
Thanks for a great night 
Hi guys, don't forget to 'quote RT' on your phone or 'RT' on desktop, with your preferred location. For a chance to win 
Very happy and proud team! 
Which production company created an audio logo for Krüger? Oh, that was us! 
New emotes coming! I can’t wait to show them to you guys when they are ready 
Last thing – I'm not getting paid for any of this over-the-top promotion, I promise! I just think this is a great opportunity 
TONIGHT! I'll b performing for the launch of Wave Magazine 
Don’t be single this Christmas 
Now who’s joining us for Traditional Sunday Roast today 
Gr8 night@Audio Rehab..
Summer beer bash! Click the link 
What a beautiful dining experience courtesy of 
Still doing the rounds, still in a lot of DJ-Bags n playlists. Grab your copy 
Thank you and congrats! You’ve got this! There will definitely be some challenges, but you’ll get through it and it will be worth it. You’ll have to let me know how it all goes 
Normafest!!!! 
Best surprise of today - 
 brilliant organisation and enthusiastic conference attendees 
just a happy boy in heels
I’ve been both a physician and an actor. Yes, the stakes are different, but the level of technical competency and teamwork isn’t that different. Working well on set feels a lot like working in an OR or on a Navy dive operation. I’ve done both. 
Monday Canberra Excellent way to kick start 
Thanks for our Dino interactive toy 
This epic concert fight scene from the crossover was AMAZING to shoot. What part of 
If you’re looking for a 
Most definitely, I did. Joyously wondrously. Gorgeous and gorgeousity. 
Have you followed us on Instagram yet?! We post fun pictures daily to keep you up to date with what’s going on
You were both absolutely amazing 
Looking forward to another 20yrs great show and good luck for tonight
Thank youuu !! 
2015 They were the pioneers of World's 1st MSc Appl.Culinary Nutrition 
Good morning from the half door. Not only do we have beautiful views looking out but also beautiful reflections looking in. 
Delighted our Traditional Apple Tart received a ‘Highly Commended’ Award at the Irish Quality Food Awards 17! 
Not one, but two 
How cute is this miniature poinsettia that I got yesterday in 
Nice one for the lovely review 
I loved singing on the Ivy Gate track on the fabulous Big Big Train album, residing here at no 4 on this list. So delighted for the band. 
Thank you!!
Thank you!! *smiling and laughing with glee*
Just one week to go... ;)Next Monday 27/11, it's the 
Flurries in central London, thought i was imagining it to start with! But excited school trips around Westminster area, (plus me!) 
Ooooooh! Tush has the candles goin 
 Congratulations!! You deserve this so much 
Breakfast and tea with Santa will be hosted by 
Thanks to everyone who joined us to write their letters to Santa this year, we had a magical time. We're also delighted to let you know that they've been received by the man himself! 
Yaay can’t wait to see it !!!! 
AHH!! I saw the fully edited first episode of “Corey’s Crazy Karting Adventure!” Can’t wait to share these episodes with you guys! 
You've a freaking awesome voice, you sound very close to Adele's voice. 
If you are heading to Helsinki center, catch a free shuttle bus next to the Holiday Inn hotel! 
The Utopic Slush Afterparty starts at 10pm! While waiting, you can grab drinks and food from Ala-Galleria in Messukeskus 
Popped into the Arts & Crafts Christmas display in The  Arcade this morning 
 spotting in Bristol today 
Ah, The Muppet Christmas Carol. This makes me happy 
It’s a wrap from us guys! Thanks for choosing to 
It’s time for us to get some sleep ready for a fun filled weekend. See you in the morning 
We’re so pleased to be nominated for best UK airport again at the @travelweeklyuk Globe Travel Awards! If you’re a travel agent and would like to vote for us, please do here 
Yes it is!
We have x 2 last minute spaces for 
The view whilst eating breakfast this morning in New York. Can’t wait to now start singing with 
Book your free ticket to the work-in-progress sharing of an extract of 
A few people have been asking so we've updated our submissions guidance, particularly regarding poetry and visual submissions 
1 DAY TO GO until THE GIRL I USED TO KNOW by 
2 DAYS TO GO until THE GIRL I USED TO KNOW by 
 Hi there, couldi ask you kindly to RT my drawing of you with a little feathered friend, thank you 
A lovely review for THE NOTE by 
We also think THE NOTE is the perfect book to cosy up with this winter! 
Happy 1st December to these lovely bloggers and to everyone else to 
Want to win a £20 Amazon Gift Card this Christmas? Just RT and Follow to be entered! 
Kicking open the Diary for 2018 lets make next year even better than this one! Email: Zoelucasbookings@gmail.com All RTs and mentions appreciated! 
I'm looking for an intern to assist me w/ marketing + social media 
I bake to relax 
Had the best day selling my stuff! I appreciate every sale I made today so THANK YOU EVERYONE!! 
I awoke to a request from Aaron, who does not tweet, asking me to pass along the following response:“Dead serious and I’m honored by your interest. Now…an idea. I’m gonna need one of those. 
Bit proud of my new screening room 
BA Film Studies Year 1 getting their podcasts on 
Looking forward to seeing you again too 
Your body will thank you for all the deep stretching and meditation. 
Thank you to the people volunteering to help at the food .. your continuous support is greatly appreciated 
Check the new menu guys 
Congrats !!! 
I'm very, very proud to announce that I've just been appointed joint coordinator for the 
And mine !!!! I mean we couldn’t score you as high performing unless we saw clear evidence of a chocolate motivation draw/area, naughty elf opportunities and happy staff working together 
We are committed to education and development...just seeing the real benefits now from our culture change and our educational investment strategy across all staff groups.. 
You know what time it is? It's that time where you can get The Curious Expedition for less than 10$ on Steam!! 
Theeeeeere back! You've asked, we've answered! Two Bao buns are back for the last day at 
Was a pleasure to be there, hope to be in your neck of the woods soon 
That reboot must have coproduction at its essence-the design and delivery of services with service users their families and neighbours in equal partnership with professionals and providers. A challenge but very important one let's get started! 
Cool screenings & seminars 
What a lovely start to the week 
Cos I’m Sick 7 out now! 
me & my wife both woke up randomly at 2AM yesterday!Instead of going back to bed, we spent the new few hrs in the dark chatting and laughing about random sh*t we been thru over the years!nice reminder why being married to your best friend is lit 
Next week. New show. 
It was you!  hurrah.  I was listening to...   Nice dad 
I'm good thanks 
Just told my auntie we're going to see 
So, if anyone is interested in the theatre photography I've done over this last year, take a look at this link 
Congrats Boss On This..More To Come 
Streaming some custom zombie pubg. 100 slots available so come play 
Love Dark Souls 1-3, Bloodborne & Demon Souls? Tune in on December 1-3 to watch some of the best players in the world showcase speedruns, races, challengeruns and more for charity. You don't want to miss this! 
We have some users experiencing slow loading with the website, a solution for this is being looked into - sit tight! 
While achieving your goals you will face many problem like injuries , family problem , difficulties but the person who will face them will succeed for sure 
A day for reliving memories..that’s what I’m doing today on 
Ji Congratulations Sanskriti! We are proud of you. We wish you all the best for future competition.
Feels great to be back with the boys...feels like home
Thank you for the kind words 
And the image from the lar'l Nikon.. 
Hope all of you had a great 
5 million people have now viewed our 
Proud to Announce that In another 24hrs Audio Launch for my next film 
That’s a big leap brother 
With the legendary Sunny Bhai,
Thank u so much brother! Happy u liked it 
Hey everybody new video is scheduled for tomorrow! We’re 
Happy for my bro 
Super teaser and you are looking semmmma fresh brother 
Oh thank you so much 
Have a good Sunday famhood 
Congrats to the team 
Thank u so much 
Thank u Navaneethan@navneth 
Thank u so much @MsLSrinivasan 
Wishing you only the best in life dear friend 
This made my day 
The Times of India - 
Those were the best days of my life working with my one n only thalaivan.. Ive not seen anyone more humble and caring..  For me he is always the bestest actor..  
Wishing my first producers 
We can't wait!! 
romba naal try panna 3d drawing thaan 
 Trailer Trending at #1 
 now has a Bengali avatar! 
 this Sunday at 10 pm on 
That's us finished for Friday. Woo-hoo! 
Beautiful post day from 
So pleased to announce tickets for our Christmas carol event are on sale! We're raising funds for 
One of my dear customers did a quick test with the new 
 love Taya products - excellent hair care and value. Only a small amount needed to transform and revitalize your hair! Just secured OTO 
These photos are awesome!! Thanks for coming
We had around 65 people come along to our Members Day this afternoon! Fabulous day, thanks so much to 
Amazing afternoon, glad you got the pic 
Great to see you too 
We're really happy to hear this 
Thank you James for capturing this... first time I've heard it back! WHAT A SONG!!! 
Looking forward to performing in the beautiful concert room of St George's hall! 'Christmas Classics In the Concert Room' not to be missed! 7th and 14th December. 2pm performance or 8pm performance so no excuse not to make it!! 
Jam packed show for Ali Affleck & Copper Cats 
Looking forward to the XYBC Christmas lunch this afternoon at the Mercure Exeter Southgate Hotel 
Looking forward to meeting new people for drinks at  
Check out my article 
I love this! I’m doing a 24 Days of Kindmas project and am all about using Advent for good. Can’t wait to watch more of these 
It was absolutely our pleasure! Thank you for your time, interest and ideas 
The 2017 Cardiff half runners raised £28,000+ for Cardiff and Vale wards, clinics, departments and research, to benefit patients over and above what the NHS can normally afford. Totally amazing! And 2018 will be EVEN BIGGER! Tweet us to join 
Language acquisition milestone: I dreamed in Mandarin last night! 
Really nice review of the Positive Birth Book. Like, REALLY nice. Almost TOO nice. 
We're all set-up for another brilliant meeting at 
We're doing networking differently in 
Some wonderful reflections on the Lord's Prayer here!! 
Patient singing hymns on ward round this morning. Patient in bed next to her reaching over holding her hand absolutely beaming 
Camp wrapped up, done and dusted! Best squad to be with this last week 
Keep looking up. 
Good luck! Hope it goes well 
Thank you, we aim to please 
Thanks to the staff and children of the Thackley Brownies and Rainbows who have collected treats on behalf of 
When you and Ang Lee become a gif. 
TFW you've made the list for 'the best rebrands that got it right' 2x
My students secretly hid kindness notes all over the classroom for me.
A win! The best present my team could give me 
Wednesday inspiration! Make everyday count 
SANBI has a holiday programme for learners at Pretoria NBG's education centre. It's a fun-filled experience for the young minds, and it is ABSOLUTELY FREE
This is so kind. Thank you! 
Here are our sixth form student ambassadors, we are both happy to be a part of this lovely team
One of my favourite pics with our Patron Dr Jane Goodall. 
Student Leadership Team 2017/18 
Students! I have 1x BBSRC-funded PhD position to study bacterial Cu trafficking (+ 1 set of mint condition pipettes in original packaging waiting for your name). Please RT 
Fantastic night. Really enjoyed the volleyball, parents and caregivers were all smiles 
One of many engaging workshops from 
I love my new tshirt 
NYC!!!! See you February 11th 
 Former Navy SEAL Kristin Beck is my 
You can create your own happiness 
Shoe companies, please sponsor 
 happy birthday DRich! hope you have a great day 
nothing like a late-afternoon delivery to put a smile on your face. 
I saw a familiar face while walking around getting warm after school yesterday in Walgreens 
Good morning, happy “little Friday”. The sunshine is back but the cooler temps are too. Today’s high, 52°. A few quick showers will pass by tonight but they are out of here by tomorrow morning. The weekend looks nice and dry! Have a great day
Good morning, happy hump day! It’s going to be a beautiful Wednesday with plenty of sunshine and a high of 60°. Much cooler temps are on the way tomorrow and for the rest of the week… Have a good one my friends!
And finally....  
Any guesses?? 
Good morning, happy Black Friday! It is a little chilly out there this morning, but later this afternoon we will recover nicely. Today’s high, 51°. For a few quick showers to pass by late Saturday, but that’s it! Enjoy your weekend
RT - YAY! We just hit $71,000 on 
This may very well be my new favorite thing, from 
Happy Halloween! Love, Jack and Jill 
Here we go! Grab your copy now 
Ghatothkach, the son of Hindu mythological figures Bheema and Hidimba, is blessed with extraordinary powers in the epic Mahabharata. 
 rocks it again! We DO really love the shirts, the customer service & fast turnaround time 
In Paris, finalizing the last preparations for the exhibition "Army of Poets 
Thank you! I’m kinda fond of that color too! 
Today is my birthday 
I've always loved the 1st 
One of my favorite places in this city is Youthlink. Been volunteering there for a couple of years now! I’ll be back to co-facilitate Out! Group soon!! 
Dang I weighed 240 last year now I'm 209 good work outs 
Lovin now Balance Selections 055 
Enjoyed hearing from high school senior Ruby Polanco and her experience leading a movement to have gender and sexual orientation equality implemented in 
Delighted to have my painting Cloud Candy selected for the 
This is precious! Welcome to Gatlinburg. 
Wow way to go!! 
Millionaire cast! Check your emails! ONeil shared a doc for your program bios with you! Please fill out ASAP! 
It makes my heart so happy to share info w/CC students about the 
Happy Mother's Day
Love this salads plate, appropriately called "autumn bliss"! 
Thank you to everyone who visited us yesterday! 
Well, look what came today from 
Daughters of the Dust is on Netflix. 
You can't win 'em all. But you can win some! News to follow! 
See my pinned tweet 
Thanks for stopping by today Mayor Gillum! 
Star ass always up to something—I LOVE IT.... 
Honored to be honored. Can’t wait to see everyone... 
We're a small business and so are our 60+ suppliers & partners 
Something a little different 
Grade 6 and above players apply. Fantastic opportunity 
Can’t wait to have you back in our city! 
Registration forms are in - website being designed and players starting to get excited about the season.  Check back for updates soon 
Check out the brand new 
Fantastic motivational business speaker 
 Library is now open. Thank you for your patience. 
Jazz hands @andywilliamson12! Yes 
Thanks to all at Newcastle Christmas Market for your time and hospitality. Excellent quality. You didn't disappoint 
Have you submitted your entry for the Great British Market Awards yet? Most categories close this THURSDAY.There's still time. Do it now.The judges look forward to receiving your application 
Lovely surprise in the post this morning 
Fabulous!!! So well deserved 
Congratulations Mark! Can't wait for your work to join us here in 2018!! 
We will be closed here at the Art Cafe tomorrow (Saturday 24th) Open again, business as usual, on Sunday 25th June.  See you then 
The gentle work of Angela Cash has arrived here at the art cafe... Drop by and take a look 
Abstract exhibition by artist Emma Sharland featuring here at the art cafe... Drop by and enjoy with a coffee 
Pop in and check out our latest exhibition from local artist 
 Enjoying a white lies 
Thankyou. See you next year 
« La vie en rose » would sing Edith Piaf 
It will keep you warm. And make you really,really happy. 
It’s opening night! 
Tomorrow you can find us at the 
The final curtain call for The Enchanted Pig at Jackson’s Lane, replete with the composer himself! Will really miss the amazing people involved in this production; here’s to the next one! 
Enjoy your birthday. In Shaa Allah many more to come. 
So cute! Santa's little helpers are here 
Nominations are now open for the 
I can’t disagree! 
Aww, thanks.I hope you enjoy 
I just baked a banana cake without using any scales (duno where mine have gone) and it tastes surprisingly lovely 
You were legends! Thank you so much 
I didn't even pay him to write this 
Tucked up beside our friends at 
Thanks to everyone who didn't let the torrential rain today keep them from their favourite food. WHAT A FANTASTIC CROWD OF HAPPY PEOPLE. 
Just been shortlisted for The Scotsman Food and Drink Awards Best Street Food. DELIGHTED 
We’ve got the vibes this morning.. we plan to make it a very chilled Sunday! See you soon 
It's not too late to make it along today - the Food & Drink Festival, shops & activities are open until 6pm 
If your looking for your weekly dose of 
Could do with warming up today 
SHOUTOUT TO MY BRUH@1ShadyDre5 
Who's this happy 
Very excited to present for you the new single from my album 'Ambition' 
Next week!! New song "Guiding Light" with the wonderful 
Good morning! Myself and Dave will be playing The Ruby Sessions tonight! 
I've been receiving your questions and the answer is YES, all products in my web shop are shipped WORLDWIDE 
So fantastic to get support from 
To celebrate the release of ‘Vintage & Morelli - While The Earth Sleeps (David Broaders Remix)’ as part of ‘Silk Remixed 07’, I’ve put together a Beatport Chart featuring some of my current favourite tracks 
'Concrete Angel' made it into the Top 100 EDM Classics 
I feel sorry for whoever sits next to me on my flight tonight. They are going to have a cold tomorrow! Anyway, let’s go to Hyderabad! Playing at Catch 22 with 
working on my new years day speech for warehouse project, which will include poetry, word play, shakespeare quotes and personal secrets. 
Yes...yes they are 
Yall, I just finished up a killer ass juke track 
Amazing that it works out that way
This photo makes me happy 
Today is the day! Free popcorn, courtesy of Corn Marketing Program of Michigan 
OMG I woke up in a castle! 
See you tonight, North Dakota 
" I'm from Philly where 'Let me call you back' means enjoys the rest of your day... " 
He was focused! Total pro 
Great to have you in.  So pleased you enjoyed it!  
"Inside CI was there..., and we were blown away with what we saw."Thank you 
Thanks for the shout out 
Don’t forget to mention us in your blog post tweets for a retweet 
 just wanted to say a big 
Great night at the fireworks in 
Alf enjoying his win during a game of croquet at our Kingfisher Club! 
 looking very dapper @ 
Girls and boys brown shoes 
Barnwell middle and upper school in their brand new uniform supplied by us 
Kids connection dancewear and shoe shop
New back to school shoes for girls 
Barnwell middle and upper school with there brand new uniforms on supplied by us 
 next time you’re in Boston let me take you out on a real date. We can get lobster rolls and go on a tour of the Harpoon Brewery 
We work really hard to make sure every brides experience is perfect and we'd love to win the 
We’re really excited to be nominated for the Outstanding Commitment Award this evening at the 
Don't forget to vote for Intersport 
Next years 12 half marathons in 12 months is taking shape 
I already had it 
Join us on November 11th! Bell Centre game tickets are on sale at 
Zami and I run on 
I'm recording a second comedy album in Edmonton. I'll record your laughter & applause too in case you need a copy.
? Seems like the perfect opportunity to reshare these smiles ... & Phil's half smile 
Answer: Susan B. Anthony 
Answer: All of the above. 
Happy Thanksgiving from all of us at Northtown!We asked some of our team to share what they're thankful for this year 
P1-3 parents - Come along to the coffee morning at 9.15am tomorrow to find out more about FAST and for a chance to sign up! Hope to see you there. 
Miss Liddle (P3) and Mrs Wright (P2/3) would like to thank the parents for joining them for their shared start yesterday. 
"If you’ve never ventured into the wood panelled dining rooms of the Whitechapel Gallery, it could be time you stepped in." Thanks 
Ooooh I'm so excited and proud to be on the 
Books I read in November 
Ooooh, I might have a look later I am near there! 
Wonderful performance of Bernd Alois Zimmerman's "Dialoge" Concerto for two Pianos and Orchestra by the Bugallo-Williams Piano Duo and the SWR Symphonieorchester lead by Omer Meir Wellber 
Wonderful creative writing taking  place again in 
Pictorial structure strips in year 2! Even my lower ability children were able to access this and develop their writing 
A HUGE thank you to 
Loved having 3 NQTs in university today, made me even more excited to embark on my NQT journey 
I AM SO HAPPY WITH THIS! Thank you 
Nice review of my gig 
Amazing to support the legend that is 
Wow very excited to have been nominated for an 
Brilliant 'trashion' event tonight. Some eye-catching designs from re-cycling material. Well done 
We're now on Instagram! Follow us @ victorias.voice 
Ahh thank you! We're just glad to share what we do and hopefully encourage others to involve young people in their work 
 All three featured titles sound great! And what a list of releases for November! Great show, thank you 
Yes, yes, and thrice, yes...! 
You wanna be entertained? Follow me 
We'd really value your good wishes for Larry the cat, recently mauled by a dog, in Derbyshire  
I am still inviting families affected by dementia who live within the Peak Park to take part 
Super Y6 Leavers Party! What a lovely bunch! Good luck for the future 
Skipping games at playtime! We’ve found a skipping rhymes book too 
Mrs Dingwall and Mrs Rednall feeling very hungry... thank you for all the amazing donations for 
Great to see such a good turnout for our parent carer consultations 
Honoured to be recognised for providing access for anyone to participate in a sport we love 
This is a great idea! P5/6 in 
Good round up. If you could squeeze in 4 more I would add @langlandsniall,  @cgsedinburgh, 
Reading our writing to Maisie helps us to check that what we have written makes sense 
Fantastic to hear from our very own 
Huge thank you to all of the healthcare professionals 
 is manning our maternity stand... why not come to say hi? We are at the Clarke Foley Centre in Ilkley 
Little F is going to be SO happy. Finally, dinosaur emojis. Although no Triceratops which is her absolute favourite 
Happily scanning & cheering runners up the hill 
Delighted to see yet another of our three venues a in 'Featured Venue' blog this week - thanks 
Promoting health and wellbeing through building positive  relationships 
 good morning lovelies walk your talk and have a lovely day 
This makes me smile  
Only 3 days till the start of 
Thank you "Dragons" for awarding us £500 
Only 24 hours left to cast your vote. Please help us into the final judging - register your email, login, put Honiton as the location, find us, push the slider to 10 and vote. Simples! This will REALLY make a difference to families living with dementia. 
Big thanks to all who have voted - the final push now to get to 1000 and we will be up for the big money!£££
Why not join us for our next DementiaFriends awareness session 
Some of my brother Tony's 
Head to Picturesque Kingsbridge today for 
Kick- start your Christmas Shopping this Saturday  from 9am as 
What a beautiful dining experience courtesy of 
Its nearly time for 
 Double finalists!!! We can’t wait!!! 
..but we will be back..bigger n better...watch this space for more beer related shenanigans 
Can't wait for the w-league to start! Lovely meeting you the other night 
This is my rather forgetful husband who fell off some scaffolding and broke his back. He can’t work for 6 months so he needs to generate income another way. Please buy one of his beautiful calendars they will make gorgeous and useful Christmas presents. 
Very happy today as featured over on 
Small, steady dietary changes can help you feel like your best possible self. 
Journey home begins… trying to perk myself up today. Monaco, you were awesome 
One of my views today 
Fantastic end of a very successful day with some of our speakers and friends!  
I love the strawberry banana chia squeeze 
then we gotta make that right w/ a follow 
When your teammates parents make kimbap and I get some to enjoy 
Hey big boy... get outta my yard. 
One year later and I can proudly say I am working a dream job of mine!!! Grateful for everything!!! 
Time to set a flying lap, join our 
 It's worth the wait! Welcome back 
 is selling his acoustic guitar £100 collection, message him for further details 
Aw this makes me happy 
Share with your followers if you think they’d be interested. 
We hear ya! Why thank you! 
A week ago today, 
 Retweets make me very happy 
It's a joyful festive time of year, try our Christmas Frangipane & a coffee 
ICYMI we’re featured in the Guardian’s Christmas gift guide 
Our recommendation for Christmas giftage (as well as a nice Waterproof). May contain a little bit mention of our Waterproof Parka 
 to this time last week when I was pitching 
Ed Asner is way too much. Like legally I think. 
Can’t wait to finish working from home so I can catch my flight
Morning y’all
"More than I could dream" - Jacques Rogge on the 
Good morning ppl ! 
A nice bit of beading in the morning with Hardwall
Look at this beauty! Lovely, line caught Wild Sea Bass caught on the Jack Henry in Newhaven... Call us now to find out the latest deals 
Happy weekend all! Don't forget we're open - teaching all ages & abilities 
So many exciting plans here! We're the country's biggest independent music school & learn to 
Just a Little Thankyou to 
Had lots of fun performing at the 
I had an AMAZING day... I feel so inspired & proud to be in the NHS with so many committed people at the 
Golden Year #1980, 
I will settle for having banging gin. Cheers Jake 
 is back on Special tonight. We love it here at Banner’s. Suitable for vegetarians but we recommend it to everyone 
Tonight I am a judge alongside Minster FM & York based recording studio at Battle Of The Buskers 
Chuffed to bits with this of the 
Thanks to everyone that came along to see us today. met some really lovely people and it was great to hear everyone's lovely words and feedback on our gin. We do have to say it did go down a storm. Time now to rest our feet for round two tomorrow 
A comfy beds triumphs 
We're celebrating our 4th birthday by extending our opening hours! Now open from 5pm weekdays 
Excellent Pithivier of borders pheasant with mustard,tarragon, mushroom and seared foie gras, 
We are now delivering with a courier 
BODYPUMP tonight 8.30pm Over 1000 reps to warm you up this evening!!Bring a friend for FREE
We are so far out of the town centre the visitors we had, hadn’t come because of SBS but loved the idea of Buck’s Fizz cake & 10% discount when we told them so all good! 
So here they are, still cooling, but the kitchen has become very popular all of a sudden! 
 great to see you, glad you enjoyed your breakfast! 
Our latest 2 Gins to hit our gantry! Both local 
Great day at tasteofperthshire 
Our special post bag is coming out tomorrow! 
Bisto  (the gravy brand) do a scheme for bringing someone over for Sunday dinner - it's on their website 
Don't forget to join 
So much info today almost forgot to tweet! Great stuff! 
Lots of lovely ideas here 
 Sequel to the classic fainting M&M Christmas commercial. I love it!! Great job 
We’re looking forward to your arrival 
PMQ's station going down well... more time for playing with kit in the break 
The latent phase can long! Remember to rest, eat and try a warm bath. Call triage if you need some advice about when to come in 
Thank you! We will! 
We currently have a fantastic opportunity for an Associate Director of Nursing for Medicine and Emergency Care 
For those who really don’t want to overspend
Behold! The beautiful cover of GOODBYE, PERFECT, coming Feb 2017. Thank you to 
Not to be missed 
We love Adam's work! 
Last night was fun. 
Happy birthday Bri!! I
We're hosting a pre-Christmas inaugural diversity event at Zopa HQ on the evening of the 12th Dec. If you care about women in (fin)tech, come along 
Thanks for RT’s you lovely lot 
Tonight is the night 
Please help us reach our target. Every pledge helps 
Keep smiling, it's nearly Friday 
 Leah, I'm proud to work 
Tomorrow we start Formula E season 4. My first race as an offical Audi factory driver. I just can‘t wait to get out on track. With all your support we can achieve great things. Let‘s do it! 
I have and will post outtonyou tomorrow: your other finalist certificate for the - supportive employer (<50) Award!  
Hehe this did make me chuckle! That’s because we are awesome in Shropshire! 
I do love learning new things;  and today that has been courtesy of 
Took Liam out for the day. He enjoyed his ice cream 
Climbing trees and eating ice cream 
Thank you for a beautiful review 
Angela's on the move! Congratulations again to Angela! 
I'd like to give free access to this course to women/POC students who want to learn web development! Please retweet and share! 
I'm stressed out. Send me cute gifs. 
Very excited and motivated for another three years of project 
I will... One day... 
Oh hey that's me! 
What an amazing gesture! 
Workshop accepted at TROOPERS18! 
Emergency CD on its way 
Hey fam. Many of y’all know I’ve wanted to do movie reviews for a while. I’ve finally got my first video up 
This one is great! See a picture in front of the 
Can’t wait for you guys to hear these songs
Very excited to kick off the 
Check out this sweet (and important) new 
Winona, Cara, Gaten, Millie, Caleb, Finn, Sean, Dacre, Charlie, Natalia, Joe, Paul, John, Rob, Brett, Noah, Sadie, Linnea, SusanSo proud
Annie Pearson's looks ! Thank you 
That is, Breaking News with Brooke
“Oh, Ray.”
Trunk or Treat Friday, October 27 
This hotel is seriously amazing - loving every minute 
 Hi Debbie... I hope you had a great Thanksgiving!  Thanks for filling in for me 
Who doesn’t love oysters at Thanksgiving?! 
Did you know that YOU can watch 
My annual pic with 
Fun time on the green carpet last night and 
Thank you soo much! Glad you enjoyed it!! 
We're at the Richland Community College Art Bazaar! Come see us until 3 pm 
Hi. I've been meaning to find the medical team who treated me at mile 19 last week. Pretty sure it was yours. Thanks for giving me the strength to carry on. I got the medal. 
Hope to see you at the Santa Parade this Sunday!  We'll be there with bells on. 
Happy long weekend SOM fam! 
Couldn't resist these cuties. Successful trip to 
My life is lovely 
Arbor View High School Dance Team 
It’s the anniversary of the Convention on the Rights of the Child.
? Seems like the perfect opportunity to reshare these smiles ... & Phil's half smile 
Thanks Andy thought the members would like it 
Thanks Holly, Teamwork is what makes the dream work though! 
The stage is set, the guests have arrived... it's almost time
So proud to be part of 
A solid weekend gives us lots to take into training. Special thanks to all of our sponsors for the support and for the comments throughout the past few days 
My Holly Jolly memory is learning to bake Nanaimo Bars and sharing the tradition with my 4 daughters and now my grandchildren soon enough! 
Also Facebook, Twitter, Email etc one month's support and pre-survey to ascertain your knowledge... any questions just ask 
Couldn't agree more 
We don't ask for anything in return, however these cards given to us today puts a 
Here's a good reminder to keep checking those light traps folks!!Thank you for the record Simon 
A week ago today, 
Whaaaa? Thank you! 
LET'S THINK ABOUT SOMETHING POSITIVE! Tomorrow is Friday afterall 
I now have a Facebook page. Any likes/shares much appreciated 
 Sequel to the classic fainting M&M Christmas commercial. I love it!! Great job 
Oh, they really know how talented I am! Cute. 
That was alright with me! 
Oooooh I'm a slap you so hard 
Kicking open the Diary for 2018 lets make next year even better than this one! Email: Zoelucasbookings@gmail.com All RTs and mentions appreciated! 
Yay, I can't wait for Saturday the 11th of August!! 
 Two favourite composers in one evening 
 is what we all need! Believe in yourself like this 
Last 2 days of £5 deal on burger menu then festive offerings start last orders 730pm 
New month, New 
Thank you to everyone who came to today's wedding fayre! It was such a fantastic day. We can't wait to plan your weddings! 
 Am desperate to write a piece for 
Not long now! 
Oh absolutely!! 
Woop Woop! We’ve been successful in 
 jolly nice to meet you today, your work looks awesome 
The band are out tonight celebrating their victory with a lovely meal at Mimmos in Thornton 
Well done to all the winners 
Freelancers looking to network informally - and with their preschoolers! - make sure you head to this great 
This was waiting for me in my hotel room in Bangkok 
Do you feel connected to nature in your work? If yes, no and maybe just doesn’t cover what you have to say, then reply to this message with more detail.  
Just found the cutest bookshop in Devon 
Thank you for your kind words!  It was lovely to see you 
Very serendipitous. I wanted to double and I was signed up for the 800m. Because of the schedule, the only event that I could double enter in was the steeplechase. My dad suggested I try it 
Accountability, surrounding yourself with people with similar goals, and hard work lead to success. I couldn't agree more, 
NYC!!!! See you February 11th 
Happiness is clean sheets! 
 you look so good in this video! 
Best music folk festival in UK. Well organised family friendly bril facilities and staff are ace! 
One of the most eagerly anticipated albums for 2017.. This has been a long time coming 
Here’s the link to my latest show on 
TONIGHT! FREE ENTRY w/ sounds supplied by Baba Stiltz, DABJ & Big Miz. 
All ADVANCE tickets now gone - 80 will be held on the door, please get down early to avoid disappointment 
Just 10 adv. tickets left for @palmstrax next party on Friday! Grab one at 
It was you!  hurrah.  I was listening to...   Nice dad 
Life is 10% what happens to us and 90% how we react to it! Stay positive 
Just told my auntie we're going to see 
20 Minute Fat Burning HIIT & Abs Workout | Home HIIT 
Next up! I'm playing for Headset next Thursday 9th! At the one and only 
18 Minute Low Impact Home Workout | The Body Coach 
COME ON THRU Y’ALL! 
When you get a flyer for your own play in the mail 
FIRST DAY OF REHEARSAL FOR 
The world at a glance!Together with NUVIZ we'll offer a Head-Up Display especially for our C4 and R2
Headed to 107 Grand Street hope to see you there! 
Wow, Bonus Episode 3 really resonated with me! Thank you 
Who’s ready for another stream later this afternoon?! Carrying on with the life of the courtz crew at 4/4:30ish GMT! Don’t miss it!I’ve made my subs, I shall be making my loyal viewers next! 
Bisto  (the gravy brand) do a scheme for bringing someone over for Sunday dinner - it's on their website 
Don't forget to join 
Volunteered at Omnibus Theatre last night and met 
To anybody who needs this right now 
Well that was a nice surprise 
Good luck to my little cousin Martin Tom at today's 
GCWC day 1 was a success! We'll be broadcasting every day this week at 11 am (7 pm PST). See you tomorrow! 
If you're looking for that one person that will change your life, take a look in the mirror. You owe yourself the love you give so freely to other people. 
Things worked out, thank you Jesus 
Our 4 winners of the 
Attention: Any partners in the Irvine/OC area after Twitchcon that want to stream for the Twitch OC office? Let me know ASAP! 
If anyone can help out then please contact me, muchly appreciated 
Funny thing is I had a give away planned for 500 followers. Guess I'll hold off until this one's done. Thanks guys did not expect this many 
No guys. We (the pros) are not copypasting or sugarcoating the whole situation. BLAST just genuinely treated the players well and did everything they could. You can be mad or you can hope for the best and cross fingers for a better tomorrow. I know what im gonna do 
Mans universal way of showing Respect & making up 
Yes, I am racing the 2018 
Excited to be selected to represent Scotland in Paratriathlon at the Commy Games! Just have to learn to swim & run faster now 
An honour & a warm welcome at Abertay. Thank you & congrats to all grads 
Looking forward to joining the 
Let’s celebrate the good news together 
We can't wait for our upcoming tour to look out to a full house again! What a wonderful feeling having such amazing fans 
Special one-off live show 
Live streaming the Women's March tomorrow w. 
Celia Peerless is Scotland's BBC 
When little Ladds come to watch dad at practice. 
This is so true!!!! And with your products, you can keep going a bit longer too. I love the White Chocolate JDiet protein. I had it on my porridge this morning 
Want Amazon to donate to a charity of your choice? Shop at 
You're welcome Johan 
New obsession. Online shopping 
Doing a show today for 1400 of the most passionate, talented, incredible young man and women in Las Vegas - at Las Vegas Academy of the Arts! Can’t wait 
Apparently my default picture pose is 
Thank you to the generous customers at Tesco Sealand Road 
Our Christmas Collection off to a good start thanks to our wonderful volunteers. We are at Tesco Sealand Road 
Thank you for the follow 
Four pics from my overnight camp on the fells admiring Helvellyn and Blencathra as the light and weather evolved. Bitterly cold in the wind but absolutely stunning to behold on the eye 
Further to my last tweet/update...turned round and saw this incredible dawn light on Sharp Edge, Blencathra 
Congratulations to the boys football team who won the Danny Jones tournament today. They won all five games and didn’t concede a goal - they now qualify for the Cheshire Finals next year
The boys football team played Waverton in a hard fought league match last night which they won 5-2
Congratulations to the boys football team for their 4-2 win over an excellent Malpas team in the cup - through to the quarterfinals
Fantastic result for the girls football team in the cup competition- they beat Oldfield 12-0 - an excellent all round performance
Congratulations to the boys football team who beat Saughall 5-0 in the 1st round of cup - a great all round team performance
Feeling blessed on the first day of winter 
Liverpool City Region Health Skills Show: The amazing North West Ambulance Service had life saving demonstrations throughout the day. Did you leave knowing how to save a life?  
Feeling inspired after a fantastic meeting 
Looking for a new career in the spa & health club industry?Why not join the Mosaic family? 
The Skyline walling volunteers have been busy building the restoration wall on a chilly Rainbow Wood farm today 
PLEASE RT! We're on the lookout for a baker/pastry maker who can manufacture our gyoza wrappers. Any tips welcome 
Our fourth(!) indigo dyeing and Shibori retreat will take place May 13th-15th 2018 with 
Honoured to speak and present the awards to some amazing and inspiring people and organisations!Please EVERYONE complete the survey below. Thanks 
Fun gig last night with 
You have probably gathered I'm a tad excited about this! Had a fantastic day at 
This is simply incredible. Isabelle, you're amazing. To include Hob Nobs. Wow 
Best text to get! Portsmouth keeps getting my blood! 
What a lovely message xxx thank you 
We’re nearly ready to announce our very first in house production 
Great to hear this Sylvia, thanks. Hope you enjoy our new store at Staples Corner. 
Not forgetting Frank's effort at getting himself and many players around the memorial 10k 
Best blood orange mojito ever!!! 
Students! I have 1x BBSRC-funded PhD position to study bacterial Cu trafficking (+ 1 set of mint condition pipettes in original packaging waiting for your name). Please RT 
Thanks for having me. Bye now 
Colleen has returned!!! 
One hundred things that make me happy! 
First gift from my 
Do yourself some good and make your 
My first vlogmas video is up on my channel, would be amazing if you could check it out 
Uploading my video this week to my YouTube on how to start a YouTube channel, subscribe so you don’t miss it 
 we always knew it
cozy comforters and customer service! so glad you and the fam are loving your purchase, Kelsey 
Enter to win tickets to see 
Remember to pick up your Countdown to FREE Card! 
Great advice! Tip #1 Visit your Career Centre 
Thanks to all who have retweeted or liked our tweets, really kind and most appreciated. Had so many over last few days, too many to post. Thanks. 
No...thank YOU! A joyful performance that had us smiling from start to finish
 and he looks hungry 
 That will be nice. Please keep me posted
That's a nicer picture! The Foilco gang collecting their amazing 
We’re so lucky here in Leamington to be surrounded by so many wonderful small & indie businesses. Make this Christmas super special and 
Credit has been taken care of. Thanks for having my back y’all! 
Header for BornColab with 
Thank you to everyone who voted for us!
Good sports massage in Essex any recommendations 
LOL! Let's all observe lobsters! 
Excited to be back at 
Just when I thought I had cried enough tears of joy for today!!!! 
Massive teacher training day in Palmerston North today with 42 teachers going through our 
You may think doing radio interviews is all glamour, but today my radio live Science segment was from a very hot van in a busy car park between teacher training workshops in Palmerston North 
So proud of all my fellow tafe friends kicking their goals and 
Mr Harvey will be happy - hey 
Very impressed by the 
Now our owner has been praised by our local MP 
Congratulations to Lorna Mulvey for successfully defending your PhD yesterday! Huge well done from everyone at IBAHCM 
Glad you guys enjoyed it Steve! 
Fantastic site. Found their FB page first. Each image is supported with example questions for kids to respond to 
 some of you might like this idea 
Our son spent nearly a week in the old special care nursery at the Civic after he was born. It was a very tough time, but the nurses and doctors there were so great to us. Congrats to the staff and the hospital on opening this new facility! By the way, he turns 1 tomorrow 
“Your smile is your strongest weapon.” 
Love you and I
Love you so much Kenz, thank you 
Grateful to have you guys always cheering me on 
Knowledge is power. Let's support preschoolers from low-income families complete their learning and break the cycle of poverty. Let's help them climb up the ladder of success with 
Can’t wait for Friday and Christmas movies on freeform 
Sweet! This collaboration and connection between 
So happy to be back!!!!! 
Have a great night my dudes! 
New vid on my channelLikes appreciated
Stay tuned! We have some insanely good events coming up for you babes - it'll be the perfect time to try 
A birthday present!? Watch me and naomi and the glow squad SNATCH YOU BALD!!
Especially now we have introduced the 6 month student membership for only £80! Includes gym, classes and 6 boditrax sessions. Join online 
Beginners are always welcome 
No matter how big your goal is, it is important to break this down into small goals. This way they are achievable, and keep you motivated 
Need help setting your goals? The boditrax is an excellent tool for this, speak to our staff for more details 
Wow 10 years working at Sugden, thank you for all your hard work Mike 
Melvin trying out the new battle ropes 
New Montage out NOW!! Edited by 
"Ay ay ayyy want some ICE CREAM!" What's your go-to flavor? Thank you for sharing, 
Well done to 1V today for an amazing assembly today. I was so proud of you all 
Want to hear Tannhäuser, Don Juan and Four Sacred Pieces with Sir Mark, soprano Chanáe Curtis and 
Interesting and enjoyable day at 
Year 1 and 2 have had an exciting visitor in class today to deliver an introduction to our learning about London this week 
Sometimes one just needs to take a night off. Ah, that was pleasant. 
Join us... We look forward to seeing you in Urbania! 
Pic nic al Barco Ducale! 
Join us... enroll today! 
Thank you for all of your support! 
Which Shakespeare DVD is your favourite? 
Eagerly awaiting a coo from new member of the Twitterati, 
Our charity Christmas craft fair is well underway at 
Irish Advent Calendar 2017 by 
Hey guys! RT this post for me please because u are all amazing and I'll be very happy.  
I'm thankful, too. 
This gave us chills 
Thank you to our friends 
This is some good stuff from 
Oh look! I'm on Product Hunt! 
Home.Laden w goodies!HUGE thanks all who came to the NL/BE/GER gigs, special thanks2 Marius&Math for arranging
End of tour Flemish knees up last night after sensational final gig @ amazing 't Ey.
It's go time! The final installment on the 
Twitter changed its 140 characters to 280 characters....let's celebrate Astro style! 
Ms. McNeill is all 
Get yourself along to this 
Always fun when you’re around, 
3 points and 50th cap 
Yes it is!
 we love her, even though she ate all the Mac & Cheese 
I love this!! So cool 
So, as I promised - the process of painting Adam's hands (
Finally I found the time to paint a bit
Some random photos and videos from Moscow 
Couple moments from Samara 
And this post i want to dedicate to all nice people which i met in this journey 
Had a fab weekend full of fizz and fun. Now off to see my Grandmother and the rest of family. Looking forward going back to work on Thursday, really miss my team 
I also got some merch 
Home sweet home! 
Only buy what you need this 
At 3 PM CET today you can order your copy of Crystal City. No preorder, will ship immediately. 
   3, 2, 1 ... Get ready to SMILE! 
The ‘Electric Warm Up’ is now LIVE! 
Thanks  to everyone who donated gifts to 
Home after 8 days in Regina after another successful Agribition with RSK Farms! As usual, great cattle and even better people! Sad it's over but ready to get some sleep! 
Your legal copy here 
All done casting my votes for this years WCMA's! 
I’m suffering from depression and I flew to Cebu just to watch your show. I had so much fun! I don’t think I need my anti depressant tonight! Thank you, 
Ready to become a gopher? 
Marking our words with Reading Horizons and reading on our own during guided reading. Hard working students=one happy teacher 
Today @ Schlotsky's the woman at the window gave me 3 free cookies and didn't charge me. She said it was "just because" 
Thank you Mr. G for bringing great learning opportunities to our students!! Your extra effort is appreciated!! 
Hot chocolate and a book with me for earning Principal's 200 club tickets!  We have AWESOME students!! 
LOVE seeing former students!! He's happy and doing well!  Once an Allen Aero, always an Allen Aero! 
Yay 5th grade!! 
Aw thank you T!!
Happy bday mel!!
Listeners! It's the fund drive 
New Year's Eve is coming up quick! What're your plans? We're gonna party with 
Ohhh the joys of pregnancy 
With Thanksgiving right around the corner, we wanted to share some moments from this year that Kuri and her crew are thankful for. 
My new single "Sleepwalker" is out now
It's our Open Day tomorrow! If you are interested in studying a degree in health, education or life sciences then why not come along to our City South campus in Edgbaston and see what we have to offer? We hope to see you there 
You did, I really enjoyed it and you tackled most the major topics I was struggling to understand. So thank you Andy 
Thank you for your support Susan! 
Please re-tweet and also comment in order to participate. Otherwise we can’t find you. 
Giving away these 4 beauties. Winners will be announced on Dec 1. For a chance to win, just re-tweet. 
Who’s going to the SIO meeting tomorrow? 
Completely agree, Lucy is so inspiring for so many people! So pleased to hear about placement 
When the Japanese prime minister shows up in Rio dressed as super mario. ...... japan is where i belong 
Brilliant, perfect flavour combinations, love it 
Got some special visitors tonight. Caitríona is delighted with the jersey #6. Practicing lifting Brendan for her future role 
Up from 9pm, Costa-winning novelist Sebastian Barry joins 
Who's this happy 
Ms. B is spending her morning learning more about Hip pain in Gymnastics & Cheerleading
There are lots of ways to check out my interview with 
How to make sure absolutely no work gets done in a radio station in one fell swoop: send in savage free food. Thanks 
Just finished up teaching on day one and great chat with 
Always nice to see our friend 
It's official, I'm now 
Part 13 of my Teenage Cancer Journey marks a real turning point in my story. Thanks for reading. RT 
Looking forward to great night at 
A Taste of Life With 
Great. Grab what you can whilst you can - everyone’s a winner 
Thank you for all the birthday wishes. Part of my birthday treat involved going to see this play Labour of Love which I thought was brilliant 
Birthday day out with the fam - spending time me together in a lift 
Football is the people’s game - all the people.  I would happily support any player who felt compelled to come out as gay and I have just signed up to the Thunderclap campaign and edited an old tweet to make it all a bit clearer 
Nice touch from the hotel 
Pre show preparation — watch the match on an iPad 
Thanks for stopping by our stand  
Looks fab! Love it 
Very well done to Daragh, Mark and Ciara who shared their knowledge and experience on study skills and techniques to the junior cycle students in 
Hello. As a Michael Keaton fan this mashup poster makes me very happy 
This tawny owl was left completely covered in soot after getting stuck in wood burner at a house in Shropshire - luckily he was rescued by an 
Thank you.... good morning! 
Hope he enjoyed the show! 
Great to meet you too 
It's a pleasure. Here you go 
Thanks so much Dean 
We also have several carol singing events and more to come 
We all have stories. Love this thanks Melissa 
 primary care patient safety collaborative with 
Good things happening with great people. 
Pumpkin pie is so last Thanksgiving. This year we’ll be having 
I’m looking forward to visiting the hub in the new year! 
Thanks so much for coming 
Thank you so much for being a part of the 
It's our class of 2017 Nurse Graduation today. Congratulations to all of you, we are so proud of your achievements 
When you see your people signing up to give blood 
We had a wonderful time having you here! 
I’ve been to 
As if you guys haven’t had enough of me the last couple of days... here’s something else to listen to!!! Loved doing this interview with 
Great to see some of our 
The wind has died and the sea has calmed. Time for my bunk. G'night folks - peaceful slumbers. (Here's another night time Tobermory photo from this evening) 
It's a lovely morning & it began like this for me. 
And on the 3rd day!! THIS 'Panetttone Flip'. Part of the 
We don't know how you did it, but now you can enjoy of this delicious present 
We're very happy that you can enjoy of this sweet present! Best way to start Christmas season  
It's magical! You can't miss the new 
Look at the crazy proposals our gorgeous mannequins received 
The Big Sam Heughan is a genuine guy as I'm sure you know! Fans love him and others on Outlander. What Sam endorses, fans check it out & 99% of the time I'd say we agree with him. We'll get you over the top
I saw A Woman Of No Importance yesterday and it's totally gorgeous. Whole cast was tiptop but seeing Anne Reid and Eleanor Bron on the same stage made me extremely happy.
Empathy will be your best friend 
Perhaps the most fun I've ever had 
MY BESTIE AND MY BOYS!!!!! 
Thanks for tuning in, Eva. Gotta credit my producer 
I’ll be doing TWITTER/periscope lives wayyyy more often!!! I loved that! Thanks for tuning in 
Something brand-new is bursting out at Fellowship! 
Ooooooh! Tush has the candles goin 
Another zine from our Genderful! event at 
Good night dear friends. Happy December! Sweet Dreams. See you tomorrow 
Thanks for being a great sponsor 
Pleased to announce that we now consider simultaneous submissions!! 
Take a look at these beauties yum yum 
Starting a new drinking game for his next series, down a shot every time 
My son Lucas made his own I-Spy book of birds. 100 points for a chick pooping on nest cam 
Hello, I won the reward. Thank you with ALL OF MY HEART for voting for me. I'm really really happy 
Thank you Ron you too and all! 
I didn't even pay him to write this 
 I have voted for you
Congrats! You're great! I wish you all the best! 
Queensland, I am coming to see you. I hope you'll come to see me. 
Not my best selfie but the 'A Team' managed to deliver all the leaflets in Deansgate ward for 
City centre training and campaigning in Deansgate 
Excellent campaigning in Deansgate with our brilliant candidate 
Today at 3pm/central.  I lost my dad to this awful disease.  
At Tesco East Didsbury we love donating our food to the local community and charities 
So happy that me and 
Hi ho, hi ho, it’s off to another citywide final we go 
Lovely chilly evening performing at the Christmas lights switch on. Fantastic turn out! That’s not me by the way. I’m taking the pic 
I’ll be performing and doing the countdown for the West Didsbury Christmas Lights turn on today at 4pm. The lovely Cavendish Primary will also be singing carols. Come along and bring the kiddies 
Just out of the bath and into her Christmas jammies to watch the Paddington movie. With Paddington 
Be part of something big!Donate to CMF via 
Well, I knew we were pretty, but this is making us blush. 
I think I just passed 
 never let you down, fantastic yet again 
I've got 2 spare tickets for 
Well I'm going to give it a try. 
Sir Peter Fahy says Manchester can show the way to the world for living as a cohesive society unified in love not hate. 
Waaa can barely believe it's already over
Collecting donations for less fortunate families in Halton. See poster for ideas. Donations can be left at the Studio on Lacey Street or at Namaste Interiors in Widnes. Thank You in advance 
Prince Harry and Meghan Markle aren't the only ones celebrating an engagement... Congrats to the happy couple Kajubi & Nakiwanda 
Check out our performance of Dream on Virgin Radio UK 
You can catch us on your television this Wednesday at 11pm on RTÉ 2 where we play Other Voices 
Renny loves our entertainment 
This Thursday 30th November we’ll host our Artisan Cheese Paring Night!You can book with us or online!Save the date and join us for this mouthwatering experience
Cast my vote in the NEC ballot today for the left slate 
All Is Bright & Red Apple Wreath Scenterpiece Meltcups are back in stock 
Thank you for making 
Kotlin 1.2 RELEASED! Sharing code among platforms & more. 
Congrats to the winners of the 
Thanks United Nations for telling my story from journalism to 
Wow! One of my Autumn pics of 
First time in Australia, and first time climbing the Sydney Harbour Bridge! We loved your enthusiasm 
Great to hear such positive feedback Sue!  Looking forward to hearing what influences and impact this has on your teams 
Episode 1 of the Never Settle podcast, with Prof Sue Black & 
There are some great places such as 
Looking forward to it! 
Hi Lola! We’ll be back this Tuesday 24th! :) look forward to seeing you there and cook some delicius 
An AMAZING EVENING DINING AT MEI UME 
Delighted to be included in the 
More examples of how easy it is 
And they were voted Highly Commended in the Best Spirits category of the 
