I've just listened to this podcast, many thanks for your insight Jacques & 
Absolutely well said sister 
Amazing Craig. Appreciate you sharing your artistry. Harvey's kindness & strength come through. You're very gifted.
start by growing your hair long like it used to be would be 
Yay for Earl!  
Same here! Now my scout son is the same way and we've got 100s of makeshift survival bags all over the place
Keeping busy!!
Who cares, it's your channel. BTW you are the only YouTuber I know with some sense 
It was fantastic to watch part 1 & 2 tonight! & Million bazillion THANK YOU ALL for risks you're taking for the sake of exploring the Space.
As far as i remember scott kelly did mention that his feet sole are like baby skin but his dorsum feet are callus, so far that could help protect it. 
I agree with Prince William 
Wow looks a great stage!!! 
I will be there
Inspirational stuff!!
Haha okay whatever makes you feel good buddy 
Lol I didn't say only white people. And the subject was different atm so if you wanna talk about sexual harassment thats not my tweet buddy 
Spread your wings is the jewel in the crown of the news of the world album for me.
Can't wait to see this baby in person at KSC next month! 
It was fantastic to watch part 1 & 2 tonight! & Million bazillion THANK YOU ALL for risks you're taking for the sake of exploring the Space.
HAHA a smart cat .
I like you friend!
Thank you for the interview! 
Had some bad games at the start but finished with a 3rd place in game 4. 
Good luck in Barcelona 
Ready to charge across your screen, the noble OG Spirit Breaker by 
'Pretending' to be gay in another Broadway show!?!? I'm in 
Toys for everyone! Thanks  Babylist for helping us get a head start on our christmas shopping! 
Meet Trevon Grassham...future 
 RepostBy @sitpangpondam: "Congrats to @hawaiian_punch_155 on the 1st round finish... Wrapped hands for 4 fighters tonight at Rubicon XI in Colorado Springs, 2 wins 2 not... Proud of all of them!!" (via 
Check out our partner's journey on the platform! More to come 
Thanks for having us today 
Another critical step for 
BREAKING → House passes Tax Cuts & Jobs Act. America’s comeback starts now!
For everyone who has ever dreamed of being an entrepreneur—here’s your chance, here’s your opportunity. 
BREAKING → The House just voted 356–70 to give our troops a well-deserved pay raise—their largest increase in 8 yrs. 
 Firefighters will be supporting events throughout 
Outstanding achievement in raising in excess of £11,000.00 to charities local & national 
@DavidHall98 happy birthday pal 
Constructive talks held yesterday with 
Plenty of problems on roads this morning. Flood risk from the culvert & drains on King St averted by 
Nice to get a mention in this months BBC Sky at Night magazine! Thanks 
Great to meet and get pledges from Neil, Andrew and Kirsty from 
Get excited! It's nearly time for our Games Lecture from 
Looks like loads of fun for the little ones. Please RT! 
It's going to be a magnificent Monday for the £1,000 
Our street team & 
Up and running in Von Starnes Carpentry class, working with measurements.  Mr Averitt's class reviewing a water pump 
Brilliant! We're sure our staff will appreciate the time saved 
Practice makes perfect for 
People of Earth! 
Performin tonite 9pm at 
Our Nascar Whelen Euro Series cars at Race of Champions 
Fun way to finish the day! Love your bots! 
Yay! Excited to see this, Daniel! Catch this tonight, folks! 
I didn't really come up with a big hashtag campaign since it's not his style, but I think this week/weekend we should all use 
Looks like there will be some news tomorrow morning regarding which 
90k + followers if just a few 100 of you gave a couple of quid it would make a real difference. 
Honestly, for amazing food and wine go to this place! 
Keepin' it between the lines, all the way to TEXAS. 
Had an absolute ball commentating 
Make that two spots left! Sign ups here 
They are coming next....
If you are anywhere near 
Great day in London thank you 
We can all take so many positives from 
Looking great, Angela 
Just Belfast, but would love to shoot it here 
Always good to read the 
One final look back at Halloween before embracing the (dare we say it?) Christmas period! A big 
All set for a great night with 
Taekwondo Irish Cup in action all the younger athletes competing today 
Come on head chefs & kitchen managers get your commis & apprentices to enter. This could be just the kick start they need to a fantastic career 
barkingdbelfast Lovely meal as always guys. Especially my favourite 
Just want to say how wonderful that our local councillors were actively supporting St George’s Christmas Bazarre,which is our main fundraiser. Much appreciated Councillors Andrew Pelling,Joy Prince  and Robert Canning. Always good to see you here
The ins and outs covered in 
Wow!!! Just amazing great psu tactics 
Very much looking forward to 
Nasty individual charged with 6 offences including assaulting an officer, threatening to attack the officer with a machete & racially abusing a detention officer. Charged and off to court he goes 
** DO YOU KNOW THIS MAN ** - If so please call 101 and quote CRIME REF 4231345/17.. Can DM M&M here too on twitter if you prefer. Privacy will ALWAYS be respected 
The vast majority of bus journeys in the West Midlands are a safe and enjoyable experience, however, if you do experience problems text 83010 to my 
 The list of Biker Down teams is here and we'd love to hear from people 
Look for a local BikerDown course. It could help you save a life & get you into improving your riding 
Do a BikeSafe course & look how far you can go 
Nice to see you Boss 
Please send your questions to challenges(at)
Pls help this fantastic charity 
Cathedral of Speed for us next, realy looking forward to Assen love the 600 
Looks fab. Great pic 
Great to have you Steve BH 
We had a great day to day 
Proud to be associated with 
*Our* Welfare Support Programme! Very much a team effort with PFOA and you’re right, so important 
Orange Watch visit to 
So far South Africa's going great 
We’ve got the 
 teams are out today at the 
Happy to help! 
Look at all the companies getting involved in  
Funny stuff big man!
Well done CarFesters! It was great to be part of it-you rocked
Great to see the revamped 
Preparation is underway for Sunday’s 
Late morning dash to Tacumshin yesterday got 2 Rock Pipits for the 
Greylags wearing red neck collar NJB and NJC currently viewed from Ligham 
Very impressed with this one @angelbrew@ing  
Well done, a great result 
Good bunch of people as well 
Buzzing to play for 
We're whipping up festive cake magic with 
great event, great crowd, awesome volunteers - really enjoyed playtesting 
Full-Time at Coach Rd & it's a wonderful result for Devon as they fight back from trailing to 
The results are in. Oxford Brookes is still ranked the highest in the UK for hospitality management education and 11th in the world. A fantastic achievement! 
Jim Davidson - '40 Years On’  Make sure you book your tickets to see 
"Oh, God, how many years has it taken to seethe devices, the instruments of what this manwould not do..." 
Get down to the Sennocke Centre 
 | Thank you to the 4462 City fans that came last night and got behind the teamSee you on Saturday! 
Aw! Make it bonny! Good luck
Delighted to formally open new, smart 
 for our Sheffield Weekender supporters: 
Never left the theatre with such a full heart as I did tonight after 'A Christmas Carol'. Bawled my eyes out with sadness and utter delight. Rhys Ifans was 
Our City of Culture video is ready for viewing. Thanks to the pupils and staff involved. 
Our Project Manager is 
A great presentation from 
Pleasure to support this.
Congrats to Viktors Veko, student on the BEng (Hons) Manufacturing Technology programme at 
Thanks mate, hope you’re well 
Having a cracker of a time in 
A huge congratulations to 
Great to see so many 
Where can you study 
As I've said before, no better woman! Well done Lizzie Lockett 
  brilliant TEDX talk Paula dusting down my EI 
One of our favourites Roisin Lafferty from 
Absolutely delighted to be recognised by      
Let's give some 
Here’s the new episode of Culture Fear that I recorded and mixed. Check it it’s cool 
Epic achievement from my housemate 
Week 6 of the 
Aussies 90 dominance & 
Huge thanks to Tim and all 
39 followers away from 2000 - hope to get there this week - any RT help greatly appreciated 
Parents! Kids Eat Free on Monday nights from 4pm to close 
Monday never stood a chance. 
The media keep telling us that Brexit is bad but the facts keeping knocking them out of the park! 
 we'll listen to this on our last hour drive into TD PLACE!  Scouting next week's opposition.  
For hands-on experience in radio industry 
Today has been super productive! I watered the backyard, took care of the garden, recorded 2 videos, edited one, and about to edit the second. Good job me! 
Starting the day off right 
You’ve got one cool dad. 
Mozart vs Machine is on tonight in 
Great to see you on 
Great morning with Sam Woods 
Nice seeing u on this morning!!!!!!
Be sure to check out 
FANTASTIC STUFF - well done to 
Wow! Such creative learning log homework
We'd love to see photos of you with your 
don’t worry a nice lady at 
Morrissey: Brexit is “the greatest democratic victory in British politics in many, many years.” 
Started this last night. Brilliant. And a bitter sweet reminder of those loved and lost by 
We'll also be sharing key insights on 
Parliament beckons again nxt week updating 
Talking knee OA, Kinesiophobia &  
Have a fucking great night you bevy of beauties ... what a SEASONAHHHHHHHH GOT7 
Nine top leadership tips from Prof 
Advanced clinical practice framework for health professionals 
Interested in a career in  
Big prize for a great cause 
The touring party. 
Wahey! Just had a call from big Tone 
well played Zac! 
Well done Sarah. 
Great session today with 1st year cohort introducing and developing movement analysis 
9/11/17 not long until we are 
Well done Australia. 
Nominate your charity of choice to win £1000  
 of the first half_tone_tee exclusive design...give my brother a like 
Will be there from 12-45 onwards! Plenty going on all afternoon! 
How does landscape add value to housing developments? Great debate at 
 "4 Reasons to Stay in a Resort Residence Instead of a Hotel or Vacation Rental" (
A cool thing: I don't want to use the Equal Pay Day hashtag because every other time I have I've been harassed my men for doing so 
Really pleasing to see our 
Check out what team 
 as a fairly new listener have to say brilliant radio lads best thing I've heard on wireless for years 
Which room did they play? Exit Crisis is a ton of fun, we definitely agree 
Brilliant television with hosts who understand the balance between serious news and levity. 
Well done to the whole family! Two PBS, one 100th a a Hi-vis hero 
We believe in diversity 100%.It’s time to act and hire more women into top 
Signing in mandarin as well:-) great work Susanne 
Wow 10,000 followers! To celebrate we are giving 1 lucky winner a £200 voucher on our website. Just RT this and tag 
Good luck to our S3 pupils undertaking their City and Guilds Barista assessment tomorrow. This is part of our DYW Customer Service programme. 
New coauthored paper out constraining the surface mass balance of Larsen C Ice Shelf using a bunch of field data 
Yep, I’ll sign up. 
Thanks so much for signing 
Looking good next to the entrance of 
Great piece today in the excellent 
Shining a light on EVO young players & helping them on their hockey journeys. Delighted to report on the story of talented young goalkeeper 'Marth Vader'Check it out 
Excellent 50m Fly from Charlie 29.32. First sub 30!! Well done 
Excluding every other away trip, this is probably the best 
Such a fantastic result - well done to all involved!! 
Some electrical work required due to some hungry rats and mice in the lockup. New reindeer light needed. But. She is alive! 
Our Student Ambassadors run campus tours all day! You don't need tickets, simply meet them at the campus tour assembly point. 
This gr8 little guy emailed me abt Rd safety & bad driving, so I took the challenge & came to spk abt Rd Safety @ Weltevreden Prmy (u rock
WE APPLAUD YOUR EFFORTS OF MAKING CONTINUOUS EFFORTS TO ENCOURAGE PEOPLE TO KEEP OUR CITY CLEAN MR MAYOR
Looks amazing !!! MUD products available at Essential Beauty in Hartswater 
Guys... Please support 
What is happening in this picture?Tune in on 
 Banoffee caramel digestives....what a time to be alive 
Hello, I just followed back
All about yesterday nice 
You’re welcome 
I got this from a friend, by the way.As you can see, I'm a complete devoted Orvillian. 
Thanks to Karen & team 
It's great to see a central shop selling ethical cosmetics and local food produce, also committed to reducing packaging 
 what a great find! Delicious coffee and cakes. Nice atmosphere.
Behind the stills camera today for 
2/2  This weekend’s 
Be 37% more attractive! Ward off zombies! Prop open doors! All possible simply by owning the 
Catch our Takeover from 
All smiles as always down at the 
 LIKE to VOTE! 
We're currently discussing what events could be brought to 
Early start with the lads this morning 
 a tireless partner of 
Another great session tonight 
We're all voting in the 
 is tackling the problem head on with local businesses sponsoring free healthy snacks. 
Celebrate non-fiction books for children this November by entering our brilliant book bundle competition for 
Get your song reviewed live on 
Sandwich finished, parts ready. 
Created a new clip using 
Will you be joining us to be an Antibiotic Guardian this month? 
Thank you to all the Surrey coaches who attended today 
Looking forward to getting started at 
 Thanks for your response to our 
Great to have you and to see more AHP's using accredited US training to improve clinical practices and patient care 
Cheers for the advice Mercer but afraid to say hev has a proper coach, i am her boyfriend and went with her this week. Good knowledge
Hi! I will be in Monaco this weekend to support No Finish Line. We will start the race on Saturday at 2pm at the Chapiteau de Fontvieille 
One of the best I’ve seen that one, 
Very interesting event. Important people understand the opportunities of having their own health data at their finger tips. Positive mention of 
 this morning, now A2DT this afternoon. So much happening during Scottish Digital Health & Care week 
You know what to do! 
Must see storify about 
What a turnaround Griggsy & so significant for the game - Now a potential semi looms 
Some good lap at @saasfeeparks.  
First few days in NZ 
The Boss showed me how it's done! 
Thanks to Guy Fawkes for inventing fireworks. Some guy 
With just 1 more day to go and over a 3 hour lead Dion is all smiles at the end of Stage 5
Any Scot Young Carer groups registering? Do it soon
Today marks the start of 
Congratulations to girls cross country runner Samhal Asfaw for advancing to the California State Championships. She races this Saturday at 10:35AM in Fresno. Good luck! 
Here we go the madman’s first episode enjoy everyone he’s some man 
Congrats Stratford Debate! Good luck at State! 
We are in full force volunteer mode for our First and Ten Tuesday visit at the 
We win, we dance. 
Another fun weekend on the road! 
Of course would love to just ask Mikey 
Well done lads nice playing 
DJ Lamont is in the garden 8-11pm for delicious disco, classic dance, house, nujazz & soul music 
DJ Lady Ryan in the garden tonight! The eclectic flavor of this stellar performance can be enjoyed 5-8pm 
 listed Breckenridge's International Snow Sculpture Championships as one of the #1 reasons to travel this winter!  
Fantastic use of technology to embed historical knowledge and learning. 
So excited to announce this! And it’s soon! Visuals from 
Test. Expect unexpected changes. Null results are still good. Iterate. Thanks Mariel Beasley. 
It was not so easy to coordinate a simultaneous rollout across all apps — make that incredible effort worthwhile by turning on 2FA today! 
Help vote for SAA! 
Our Kinman is the ultimate home cinema sofa, with a manual recliner to put your feet up and relax in style! Available now for only £599 
Our 'Black Friday' sale starts now! Check out the 
“What if birds aren’t singing, they’re screaming?” - hauntingly beautiful performance from the utterly unique 
Today's pick is Closer Than They Appear 
 Great way to spend a Sunday afternoon, reading 
  we add a twist to all our tom Dakins , med tonic , slice of orange , and to finish it off, a matchmaker choc orange stick.. Throws them over the edge 
Watch here to find out a bit more about me and my music 
Cool..Think I’ll get one.?!!!
The kids pretty good.?!!!
A Fun day out..so get your arses down there.!!
I will drop by tomorrow 
Thanks to everyone who came to see us on our stand at the 
Yo thanks for calling and tuning in! Catch y'all later
Got my transport sorted from the NEC car park to the halls. No disease bus at Motorcycle Live for me.Just need to add some stickers 
We are so pumped to have 
This will be me. Next year. Maybe. 
Last day to enter to win the 
Enter to WIN the Kubie from 
Enter to WIN the 
Hammock lovers enter to WIN the 
Good luck to RDS 3/17. Apologies that I couldn't be there. Well done to all of you for the hard work and commitment. 
Honour and pleasure meeting you today Mike glad the team looked after you 
Well done to you Si. Being nominated by, and voted by 
Awesome weekend with awesome people 
Old meets new! The Milestar Tires Jeep is on point. Those orange beadlocks = 
Are you looking to expand your business premises and staff? You need to review your Fire Risk Assessment 
Another day of CM assessments completed thanks to 
Another excellent turn out for our positive action recruitment. Great effort and enthusiasm from everyone. Thanks 
RDS 03/17 Trainees with Edwinstowe staff at Tesco Ollerton meeting members of the public and fund raising as part of the Chiefs challenge.
To all our supporters, and those who 
The Salty Caper will be closed Thursday, November 23rd for Thanksgiving. Thank you and Happy Holidays everybody!
1st Team Result. Trent 5 - Bromsgrove 0 Well played Girls 
Very well done to our U13 A and B teams on their wins against Solihull this morning. Both squads included a number of our U12 girls due to injuries and unavailability 
Good luck to all our sports teams this afternoon 
Thank You for your amazing support today 
14A Final Group Game. Trent 2 - Uppingham 1. Group Winners 
A good start for the 14As in the Midlands Finals. A hard fought 2-2 draw against Malvern 
Join us for our web chat tomorrow evening, to chat to 
I think this will keep myself and 
Amazing achievement! Well done girls and Miss BS. 
For this week our follow Friday is for our sister venues! Go and check them out 
Well done Alan, great recognition for all the wonderful work you do with the young people! 
Always lovely to see Louis and hear about his 
A lovely story of Poppy and her retirement from racing. Thanks 
Thanks for the invite 
Peter andre is on board 
Hi joe battling on 
BBQ111/17: A very special Tomahawk steak! New blog post now up -   
Don't miss 6.30pm tonight at 
We're shortlisted in the 
Cracking guest Chef night 
Thrilled to support John Wells and Shonda Rhimes 
Congrats to all of the “DEPLORABLES” who lost their seats to Democrats and progressives in a MASSIVE upset in yesterday’s elections. 
This was an awesome session. Origin Story is going to be amazing 
Good luck to our girls 
Full-time: Qarabag 1-3 Chelsea! 
If you missed last night's 
Seeing the Okavango Delta in Botswana from a 
Looking forward to sharing the stage Saturday night with 
What a fun morning kicking-off the Youngstown YMCA Jr. Cavs season! Good luck! 
Congrats to our pal and 
Kate winner of The 
Two thumbs way way up for chicken! 
Get to sit side by side with this 
  For more info on the endowment, visit 
Great opportunity to ride in the pre-race truck with a driver around 
This Sunday 12 June  I will race in  Markelo (Dutch masters) see u there
 has took advantage of the KTM PowerWear shop at 
She’s got a great future! 
The Busch Camo Car is here to take on Talladega this weekend. Thanks 
It's going 2 be a amazing show this year with these 2 lovely people 
Well done fellers! nobody dose it better 
Andrea Riseborough in Battle of the Sexes 
I'll be up in Aberdeen at the fantastic 
Get near your wireless and listen to past 
 Episode 20(!) tmrw with top actor and top human 
....(2/2)....the fact 
Thursday, yeah?  
*fully. NOT "illy". What's "illy"?  
We always like ideas for future 
Seems bending the rules for listening to 
This Thursday is episode 20.  We're very excited to share it with you but as it's not too far from Xmas we thought we'd let you know about some VERY EXCITING plans we have for 2018.  SUBSCRIBE and you can hear it Thursday, yeah?  YEAH! 
Good sound check for tonight's gig 
Sunday lunch sorted?  Why not put your feet up and pop on any of our episodes 1-19?  Or maybe you fancy listening again before we hit the big EP20 on Thursday? Either way, enjoy your Sunday 
Very pleased with this team considering the injuries last Saturday. 
More great news from Edinburgh Rugby as Scotland lock Ben Toolis extends his time in the capital 
Goodies are very welcome 
Listen to Into The Forest by Kiosoma 
Ready for the tea break 
We are proud to announce that 
Missed the show yesterday...?I recommend the HUGE 
Many thanks to all those residents, staff & businesses who donated, baked & came to our 
We did it! The Maxwell Bird Most Enterprising School in Hull 2017 
 Georgia is on it! Well done you lovely bunch 
Loving the feedback from Mark Croasdale FCCA BSc on my Talk last night on The Power of Positive Thinking for Businesses. 
We on!!! 
Excellent first part to 
Thanks and of course, Josh ... sharing is a huge part of social, business and life. 
Motivational chat on how to best use twitter from 
great presentation Neil, I took lots from it 
Come and get your perfume and aftershave from Julie's down south street hull she will look after you 
Drive traffic and sales this 
Great morning with Sam Woods 
90k + followers if just a few 100 of you gave a couple of quid it would make a real difference. 
Another great performance from England u 17s, full of skill and good shape to the team .Must say Foden in the 10 position 
We'd love to see photos of you with your 
Very big win today !! For us and for the fans . Thank you for great atmosphere 
Great to see some of our 
A big thanks to 
Lol no worries. I would love to be cool enough to be that Shannon Miller. 
Had our thumbs up 
 congrats on the birth of your baby boy bro. 
 great result today, players now playing with belief, confidence and more character with every game ... 
That’s good, all doing well, good to hear, I’m ok Karl, thanks 
Great school & great tradition 
Big thanks to Nationwide on Market Street, Wigan for hosting a foodbank donation point for customers 
First session done for 
I am running the 
Kalvin Cline Qualen Cunningham Christian DaimlerDavid DarleyKeith Ford Zaycoven HendersonJake HubenakJarrett JohnsonDamion RatleyTanner SchorpShane TripuckaArmani WattsKyle WhitleyPriest WillisThanks and gig ‘em, seniors 
Just had a meeting and an excellent coffee here 
Best party night of the year 
Honored to have been a small part of 
I mean, I know TECHNICALLY having a seat a little higher up would be better if I was calling tonight's 
And the winner is... team 
And sponsors of the 
Great to meet the team and amazing supporters 
These were to die for, in fact each of the canapés by the incredible team 
Excellent, good luck with the search 
Thank you Marcello. We are at our best, I think, when we work together. I am honoured to work w/Mayor 
Obligatory last pass of 
Trying to make a difference with no agenda and no motive. 
 great show for great courses top one lads,DIY SOS 
For great food and quality moment try Bannatyne Hotel
Wonderful starry night skies above my camp on my local fells last night. Clarity wasn't perfect but still stunning to behold in awe 
So another day on the 
Cracking guest Chef night 
Wow big thanks to 
Come on Deal Town 
We're beyond thrilled for 
Out micro coring greens today with the 
Final 1200sq down. All bunkers complete plus 2 tees (9th and 15th) turfed. Great effort by all my lads plus volunteers. 
Congratulation to all finalist and good luck to all. Excellent practices on show 
Not been easy but Well worth it. Fantastic effort by all 
Practice round with legends @valderramamasters 
Simon & Garfunkel meets Butch Harmon....STOP HOOKING YOUR DRIVER 
FACEBOOK HAS BEEN ANSWERED I did as many as I could Facebook 
MARK CROSSFIELD ANSWERING YOUR QUESTIONS I had loads sorry I couldn’t get to more 
Loved spending time with such a smart coach. 
 line customers taking the replacement buses... do we have a treat for you! 
Huge thanks to our wonderful traders wearing pyjamas last Friday for Children In Need, they managed to raise a massive £844 well done to all involved and thanks to everyone who donated! 
Absolutely wonderful and no rules sewing is fantastic. I am the very proud owner of two of 
Safe trip and be the amazing you 
Totally agree about Paul's book & thanks again Robert for your review 
Ohhhh you're too kind - thank you for being the amazing you. Sending special Welsh cwtches to you 
Just this..... how will you respond to someone telling you they're 'not ok' - if you're not sure then join us on 4th Dec 
Want a great family day out? Why not take the kids to 
Brilliant Sports Trauma Management course completed with 
Here's to the legacy of the past and to the potential of the future 
Black Friday just has started on our Eshop! Grab a piece of unique ETS2 and ATS apparel with a 35% discount by using "SCSBLACKFRIDAY35" code! We've also added 16 new countries where we ship our merchandise! Check out if you find yours! 
This great fan of our work visited us at 
The ETS2 1.30 Update Open Beta is here! And it contains a lot of really interesting additions! 
Memory photo with a great fan from Russia at the 
And The Hulk improves again! P6 this time, in 1:19.552. Carlos is staying close, P7 with a 1:19.969 lap! 
Our favourite German driver spent the day 
It's tough to read but it's a story that needs to be heard. Support our friend 
Another date in your diary for 2018, courtesy of 
Looks like there will be some news tomorrow morning regarding which 
Great to be a guest 
Exciting stuff Jane, can’t wait to visit. 
We are on our way to Birmingham this morning to attend the 
The awesome and inspiring 
Great to have you on board the 
Back from lunch to see this on screen at 
Yesssssss!!  Glad you enjoyed it! 
Look at all the companies getting involved in  
“No cloud company on Earth aligns more precisely w/ that new model than Microsoft” > u confirmed this in ur 
People weren’t lying about the 
Fascinated and honoured to discover that I have been blocked by Lord Andrew Adonis 
Thanks so much for sharing this 
PICU Student Workshop tomorrow at 1pm in the Education Centre! @Bcuchildnursing 
on a plane and looking forward to seeing everyone tomorrow 
The Knowledge Hub is also on Facebook, make sure you give us a like to keep up with our posts! 
Stuck for something to do this weekend ?? Why not come and support your local farmers market! Saturday 10-3pm 
BBQ111/17: A very special Tomahawk steak! New blog post now up -   
Elegant & beautiful....like Bryn’s beard! 
Perfect supper, really pleased 
Great session today with 1st year cohort introducing and developing movement analysis 
Great stoves - family run business and excellent quality. 
What a great year of BBQ - 100 cooks so far this year and all cooked on my Weber Kettle and Smokey Mountain. All cooks on my blog 
BBQ118/17: Venison Medallions - New blog post now up: 
BBQ117/17: Sausage Rolls - New blog post now up: 
BBQ66/17: Texas Style Beef Ribs - Updated Blog Post: 
Saturday night pizza on the 
Some great pork bellies from 
BBQ39/17: Pork Souvlaki - Updated Blog Post: 
Early morning meat delivery from 
BBQ114/17: Goat Rump cooked on the Uuni! New blog post now up: 
Lentils with Butternut Squash and Goat Merguez Sausages - cracking dish for winter 
BBQ116/17: Butterflied Venison Haunch - New Blog Post now up: 
If your state is voting today, pay attention in polling place parking lots while you're out exercising your civic duty 
Always on hand to help the digitally challenged too (aka me!) 
Hearing such good things about 
More creative and defensive midfielders who lead & manage emergent tactical & complex situations identified through an integrated measure of human need in real time.  Less wingers more retention of possession (in our communities) .We need 
CGM from a patients persepective 
FREE parking after 3pm in all Denbighshire carparks from the 21st of November until New Years Eve...perfect for local Christmas shopping!
Tonight's the night! 
A very deserved winner amazing achievements, we hope 
Fantastic! Thanks to 
Unexpected/pretty incredible northern lights over northern Idaho tonight
This morning Yr11 were thankful and showed kindness 
Taken lots of ideas from 
My first attendance to a high school football game
Like the look of this - definitely on the Xmas list 
 starts this weekend. If you're partaking in some holiday shenanigans, use your smarts and call to get home safely. There ain't no excuse not to. 
My thoughts are with my long time pal 
Great night last! Added to my collection..very humbling! 
I remember it well 
Looking good Shane watching you from jersey
Wahey! Just had a call from big Tone 
Looking forward to this
Unbelievable last day scoring under huge pressure - Congrats to you all 
Should have had it today! It’s beautiful out there today 
Thumbs up its Friday! 
Yo thanks for calling and tuning in! Catch y'all later
8 hours of stranger things was cool 
Podcast interview with Tyler Cowen.  A focus on his learning and thinking process. Recommended. 
The bounce lives on and it's a thumbs up from 
WE ARE ABSOLUTELY BUZZING TO ANNOUNCE SOLARDO SESSIONS 2018!We're giving away 4 guestlist spaces for each city. To win, retweet and reply with your city!Tickets on sale Monday, 10am GMT - all info at 
Love u London! Thanks for making tonight so special 
I have a shop now: 
 I really love you're music, you're very talented. I have a playlist with pretty much all your songs. Keep up the great work
Airline guitar + orchestra... with 
It was an amazing party!! Great pictures! 
Out of my 7 years producing I've never cringed as much as I have this year 
which wich is easily the best place of all time for a hot sandwich 
Thanks for all the support on Time Warp so far! 
Ok so everyone should see 
Making great goods for the greater good! We proudly carry Peace Coffee & several B-Corp products! 
So far South Africa's going great 
Cannot wait for the new album, for the collection! See you guys in Feb next year 
Great to see the revamped 
It’s ok. Just make one more.
Over 50 ?live in London?  You can hit the back of the net at your local Playfootball centres Walking Football session 
Walking Football for the over 50s in London at a Playfootball centre near you 
Please give our brand new Facebook page a like! 
Sounds like the perfect excuse for a coffee. 
We hope you are enjoying your Independence Day.  If you plan to go downtown: watch for pedestrians, expect traffic delays & bring sunscreen
Inspiring to hear the thoughts of children about Hate Crime 
Huge congratulations to Jessica for securing a Traineeship with 
Hi, please spread the word to Gateshead Carers,Vinnie's Cafe every Tuesday Free Hot Meals11-2 in a Lovely Friendly environment all welcome 
Gotta say.. Y'all have a great sound!! I'll be watching & listening to more of your music & let ya know what I think... 
Haha. Graham's a friend of mine. Worked together years ago. He has done an unbelievable job there 
We play tomorrow about an hour from Oslo. Very welcome 
That's all from the gaffer 
Here are the answers! The winners will be announced tomorrow 
First 10&U Girls 
The Tennis Foundation received ministerial praise last week for the impact we have had on the lives of disabled people! 
 currently in your cafe in York Outlet with 
Are you looking for affordable gym membership in Shrewsbury? Our fitness suite offers great prices: 
Don't forget that we are closed tomorrow due to an event. We will be open on the 3rd November as usual. Apologies for any inconvenience. 
I’ve comfortably enjoyed 
Not got plans for tonight? Grab last minute tickets to Late Night soundsessions with 
 Find out all about our 11 
Mozart vs Machine is on tonight in 
 Firefighters will be supporting events throughout 
Forecasts may be for a grey week ahead, but there are no 
Cracking dinner tonight at the 
went ahead and ordered a copy of The Wrong Car EP 
If you are in Shanghai for the art fair and need a break from all those sales go see me and 
Thank YOU, Al, for inviting me onboard!
Good morning Glasgow! Time to get the feathers on! 
Great clarity and transparency from a club not treating its fans like an afterthought 
Reminder for Edinburgh Kiltwalkers - Please have your fundraising submitted by November 17, that's this Friday, for your charity to receive a 40% bonus! Thank you 
5 Ways to make turmeric part of your daily diet:Use a pinch of turmeric in scrambled eggs 
Thanks for coming along! 
Enjoyable day out for our young players today.  Thanks to 
Well done to academy U17 fwd Evan Galasso making his first appearance in the SPFL development league during tonight's 3-1 win  v Dundee 
Well done to Aidan Fitzpatrick playing his part in a 2-0 victory for Scotland U17s today v Wales 
Good to finally see a partick thistle/ 
Productive training session this morning with Head Coach Matt Tew and a few of the Billesley 
Exciting and busy start to our Mini Tennis Rally Awards asssessment week at the Billesley Indoor Tennis Centre!! Good luck to everyone on the programme taking part 
Welcome to the Billsley team Joe 
Proud moment for our Tennis Apprentice Reiss Kingdon delivering mini tennis to the Duchess of Cambridge at 
Great morning hosting Stirling Schools boccia festival 
A great weekend qualifying for the 
When have u ever seen a band get to paint n sip in a big mansion w their fans? Such a blast
Shawlands Academy will be 125 years years old in 2019 
Tollcross Community Dinners last night. Delicious food,  amazing volunteers and young people. 
Urban Fox sessions on as normal next week  at the usual times hope to see you all 
Loving the arts and crafts 
On same day Kevin Sumlin is adamant about future at Texas A&M, reports of potential firing leak 
To read why we exist and to view our open letters please visit our website 
Getting limbered up for live acoustic session with 
Busy day with Robert today - wonderful to share what we do in 
I know Katie Hopkins will be gutted if people miss this given she posted it at 2am so help her out and spread it far and wide 
Thank YOU. Despite all the technical expertise that you share with clients like me, it is the humanity of 
Snagged a fatty, must be the luck of my new 
Just another random amazing 
Pork belly & scallop paired with 
Great Robotics here at 
Lovely singing coming from the Main Hall! Staff at the Issue Desk approve
Just in: lovely mention in 
Lunch at Old Street 
Well done all, well deserved. Great spot, have enjoyed many an afternoon off there. Top range of wines and super enthusiasm from all. 
Antrim away to Down. Haven’t played in championship since a qualifier Saturday in 2011. A good draw. 
Very busy weekend of championship action just passed. Fantastic coverage from games from 
It’s a beautiful city Jim 
Cyber Smart Week is a great chance to check your internet safety and increase your knowledge 
Calling all Singing Hands Fans! 
A must see for any touring Lions fan! Thanks Waikato for having us and to 
Just heard Marion from 
Cheers for the help! 
And the winner of our FUEL Junior Golf competition is James Nash 
Tissue Viability study day 
Honoured to be in the audience for 
It's a full house at tonight's healthcare 
The Moors Youth Fantasy Football league starts THIS SATURDAY! Speak to your manager for details on how to enter 
These are also most excellent questions for a digital (or any) innovation project 
Good day for the Eagles. 1st win against Cronies 2-0. 2nd’s win 6-0 at Dunkerswell. 
Affiliated clubs can apply for a loan from us at Somerset FA to make improvements! 
 Thank you to all your superb supporters and players for the way you went about your business today, extremely respectful, a tough day made a little easier with your words of encouragement and good wishes, best of luck for the rest of the season.. 
Thanks for all your excellent calls and tweets this weekend. The podcast will be available shortly 
Goalscorer Will Hughes has joined the 
 are asking members to complete this important survey-Huge thanks to all for participating in campaign and 
Not just tea but Yorkshire tea in royal family memorabilia 
Your welcome, loving the book so far 
Got your tees? 
 ppu presntn delivered - fab fdbk & new connectns made w pple passionate abt recov 
Yep Audley and him the catalysts pal
National round 1 complete. Thanks to 
2 spare tickets, (front row) tonight for the wonderful 
4th defeat on the bounce for us yesterday but demonstrated fight for the first time this season. We shall keep on at it game after game 
Training tonight 6 30pm up at the ground. If your 18-80 you will do, all welcome 
Great to be on this belter of a compilation on the legendary Glasgow Underground alongside 
Wow huge loss for 
Congratulations to Steve Johnson new manager at 
Looking forward to working with this group of players and staff. A big thank you to 
Thanks guys, good luck for the rest of your season, two very enjoyable and close fixtures 
Congratulations to my former club SLAVIA Prague for 18 tittle in history!!! Great season and really deserved!!! Proud of you guys!!!
8 tables gone already! You best get yours now! 
Great opportunity to win these unique boots! Get your bids in!! PLEASE RETWEET 
Already got you next week 
We are meeting at 6pm for our run out with 
Struggling with a stream here to watch game. Any whiz kids out there know of Any? Thanks 
Breezy but sunny in Killarney for 
We will be get 
I will be there 10am - 2pm along with 
Happy Monday! Shout out to 
Your message seemed to do the trick young man, you can come again. 
Lucky enough to share a dairy fuelled breakfast with 
Really looking forward to the opening of the new 
All the best lads 
Little father daughter bonding while momma gets some sleep, hopefully all get to go home today 
Thank you to everyone for all your support and kind words
Thank you for all the kind words and support baby and moma is healthy 
Big thanks again to 
 I'm on my way from Ireland with Donagh Kelly's 6R4. See ya in 4 days
We are still taking pre orders for the official DVD review of the 2017 
From one 6R4 fan to another, 
 We're throwing a double thumbs-up of support to 
Enjoying our two days @carltonvaleacademy running our 
After match celebrations! What a fantastic effort guys!!! A fine 3-2 win against Spalding 
Today's the day! Good luck to all 4 Alford teams today. Remember to play hard and fair and respect the umpires decisions. 
Thanks to all the players who turned out for this summers mixed league. Also thanks to Paul for being manager and Hans for umpiring! 
What a season so far for Loddon 2’s fab team spirit and hard work 
Will Grigg isn’t really on fire but I might be.  Doing a Firewalk for 
Fab photos as always from 
Brilliant stuff well done 
Brilliant wins for the U16s and 045s today ... 5 different scorers as the U16s win 5-1 vs Saints and 5-0 for the 45s against Redbridge 
Jason, owner of 
Lets get involved peeps 
A reet good splash of 
Yippee! Looks like a bit of a 
 Just watched you at Northallerton. Absolutely brilliant thank you 
Kudos to all at 
Had a ham & cheese toastie for lunch, put a couple of Tunnocks caramel wafers in the backpack, taking Craig to some pubs to chat beer. 
Very impressed with this one @angelbrew@ing  
Great day out selling in Sheffield with 
Only 48 hours to back this ace photo project with great rewards too 
Thank you for your amazing work
Today - lunch for 60. Tomorrow - all of Bath! We open TOMORROW and we're ready for you... 
Really delighted & excited to be supporting 
Today: Yummy b’fast at 
Hear about the future of background jobs on this 
Preview of the future look and feel of the 
Carnival season might be over for 2017 BUT here's a date for your calendar to cheer you up! 
Carnival clubs are already fundraising for 2018! 
Best wishes to everyone involved with 
All the best to everyone involved in tonight's 
Best wishes to our friends 
The Carnival Centre will be open today until 4.30pm if you want to buy your 
Our best wishes to the organisers, volunteers & all the carnivalites for tonight's 
Coming very soon... the official 
Lily (Y4) takes photos of 
Amelie (Y5) delighted to receive her 1st 
Early start with the lads this morning 
Another great session tonight 
Big baller vs big bully = Alice Stewart is Priceless National Treasure!!!
Texas A&M is now the largest 
Did you hear the news about 
We're at the Massachusetts STEM Summit today! Stop by Table 18 to talk with Mark and Amy about 
Traveling? Our economy  parking garage is 4 nights for $40. AND you get a sneak peek at the SkyConnect. 
While our team plays in Anaheim tomorrow, join us at 
Rock’n’roll directly on stage! By 
Check out Hexatope on 
 An app to manage groups, clients and comms.Great 
PSA: if anyone is using 
My favorite ramen place in Bangkok — Tomato Noodle: 
This is what makes perfect sense! 
Happy birthday Benni McCarthy 
Top Man Andy! Look forward to seeing you at some point during the season 
Coming soon to a mobile device near 
Oh yeah, even our fans are winning awards! The guy who "borrowed" Puig's HR ball and threw it back won the Esurance MLB Award for Best Fan Catch. 
! (and wait times do fluctuate, TBH - but we try and answer ASAP.)
Wow this is great news 
Screening of short comedy film 'Smear' 
Pumpkin carving with the fam
Really enjoyed my first driving lesson. 
Test your Ashes knowledge with this quiz! 
Outstanding appointment Top man, great coach 
Raising awareness in the blind spot of professional sport 
You will do a great job Nico 
Brilliant to meet you we landed safe 
Full-time: Qarabag 1-3 Chelsea! 
Premier Makhura speech on ethics was the strongest statement against corruption by govt I've heard in a long time. I fully support civil society involvement in the Council. We need a National Anti-corruption Council as well
 Good. It would be indefensible. Many of us fighting to stop this completely 
The e-wallet to get farm inputs to farmers by phone, from Nigeria, takes Africa by storm. Power of innovation. Congrats Cellulant! So proud
Thanks for having me on this morning, 
This week set a goal to get your emergency kit ready 
1 week to go until our “Film Music Journey”! Show starts 8pm 
At the opening event for the 30th anniversary 
Finished the Plenary “Getting the balance right:Leadership.” Great speakers, great insight. I’m feeling inspired by the mentors in my speciality who have demonstrated patient advocacy, quality and  grace - even under enormous pressure.
You know we love you, Hana Mae! Can't wait for the new movie. 
Swimming on a Monday? 
Did you know that 
Excited to see so many of our principals and partners at partnership fair! 
These dynamic students from 
Want your friends to be a 
Wow. A brilliant line up of £1 books! All info is on our website & a big thanks to 
Great hosting these guys today! 
Yes! Great tune! 
Be sure to follow the Future of Pop playlist on 
Oiyoiii!!!!Just got the thumbs up from the crew 
Three new coffees just dropped on the website: the first Peruvian single-estate micro-lot of the year, a Colombian and Kenyan. 
Tune in now for an offseason edition of ‘Access SportsNet: Dodgers’ and stick around as our panel recaps 
  For more info on the endowment, visit 
Off the plane from 
Sounding damn good up there 
P.S. - No 
“Don’t put all your eggs in the football basket; go into broadcasting. Ok?” 
2/4  Today’s 
I got this from a friend, by the way.As you can see, I'm a complete devoted Orvillian. 
Lovely talking to you 
Wow what a Macau Grand Prix, this place never disappoints!! Well done to 
Excited to get an ocean update where the manta rays are in the sky though 
I can confirm. 10/10. 
I might be abit biased, but honestly this headset Is unlike anything else I've tried, and that's a lot! 
Real xisst?? Nice!! 
Had an awesome time at 
First blast around Macau tomorrow, very best of luck to 
Cool..Think I’ll get one.?!!!
The kids pretty good.?!!!
A Fun day out..so get your arses down there.!!
Well race day tomorrow, unfortunately held on qualifying laps but team working hard and improving the bike all the time see what happens in warmup looking forward to the race
We're super excited for 
The boys will be 
Credit to Lee Hollick 
No problem at all. 
 thanku fr giving me some treatment this wknd stu. Also 
Thanks to all the guys for signing my visor at 
Can someone recomend a decent repatriation/medical insurance for EU trackdays? 
Must have been our suspension setting 
Thank you my_squash for the kit 
What an incredible, funny, emotional season!We'll see you next year, thanks for watching 
There's a simple solution to your dilemma, see the we unfollow button, just press that 
Come discover our new 2018 collection on our booth (Pavillon 24, Booth I65) at Eicma !!! 
Nice one, another Ulsterman in the WSB paddock can only be a good thing, good luck to the lad 
Had a lovely email from Melissa who bought some hybrids a few weeks ago! They look very happy don't they 
 please show ur support by retweeting
Good to see ya mate, be it briefly 
Good luck to all my buddies at 
We are ready for roll out this afternoon 
Great news, well deserved..
It was a pleasure to share this talk. What a great interview for 
Back shock working like a dream.  
Slightly gutted not to have a ride for the Sunflower Races at Bishopscourt this weekend. Wish everyone a safe weekends racing 
We KRP would love to be that British Team to give 
Head to the Kawasaki Stand now for autographs with 
Head over to the Blackhorse stage at 1.30 to see 
Stop press!!  Congratulations  
Great to see so many players and teams giving the thumbs up 
  busy night so far!what a. Debut 
Covers and suit design sent back from 
3 very happy faces after their 
Today all 3 form classes that I visited were wearing full school uniform including blazers! Great work 5HB, 5HA and 5SA keep it up 
Through the lens of a true 
22 year gap for me at Mountain, nice to be back... 
Read what we do to keep you safe during this DDoS attack: 
Our filtering is taking care of all the DDoS traffic and all our services are up and running. Please follow 
All services are back up and running, we managed to control the attack within a couple of minutes. We're currently filtering all traffic. Check 
Our services are still up, however you might experience that they are not as fast as you are used to. We're still fighting the attacks. Check out 
All services are up and running again, the attacks are still persisting though, check out 
The DDoS attack is still ongoing, check out 
DDoS attacks are persisting but impact is mitigated, check 
"Gotta thank Pirelli for the tire mctirefaces. They had a ton of grip." Totally natural. 
Innovation and jazz!!! A real inspiring cocktail 
All the good stuff, none of the bad stuff. Nature’s Promise Turkeys are vegetarian fed, with no antibiotics ever 
Thanks to everyone who shared in 
Our team making calls for 
 What a compelling production, one that I intend to see again. Grease Musical is indeed Grease Magical
The stage is set for 
I really enjoyed the modern décor, chic design and vibrant art 
Great to have you in guys! Incredibly excited to have you as neighbours 
Delighted to have played a very small part in raising over £6k for 
We've got that 
Don't miss the bucket collection for  Movember at tomorrow afternoons game against Cardiff. Help us raise as much as possible to change the face of men's health. Any donations will be greatly appreciated 
 loving being back! 
 loving the new advert it’s the best of the season by a mile 
Winter is weird u get colds n it doesn’t even snow it’s just cold rain but dw in a few weeks a fat man with a beard will give u presents
Final school on Ben’s tour for today is 
Apologies! S6 Yearbook Retakes - Mon 17/11 Period 3, 4 and Lunch in the Crush Hall. Attendance is mandatory or your most recent professional school photo will be used. 
Can't wait looks another great task be good to see how it goes 
Tag your pics with 
We'll also be sharing key insights on 
Great space facts about the International Space Station 
Looking forward to this new challenge and continuing to work with our team of Youth Ambassadors. 
Thanks to City of Kigali leaders & Population, Rwanda National Police and RDF for making Kigali City clean and safe. Keep it up
My first time watching a full 
Hog Roast - Tomorrow from 1pm! Come hungry 
It's going 2 be a amazing show this year with these 2 lovely people 
Well done fellers! nobody dose it better 
Andrea Riseborough in Battle of the Sexes 
What a successful journey all over the world after the 150th 
What a fun morning kicking-off the Youngstown YMCA Jr. Cavs season! Good luck! 
Preach! These are 
So proud of the achievements of the 
Smoked Salmon! Yum! We can't wait to see you on Monday! 
These must be won TONIGHTRETWEET for your chance to win one of Two Pairs of tickets for next Friday's Dubs At The Dogs. A fantastic night
A great night ,thank you 
Tune in every Friday from 12 to 2 (Irish time) on 
Just a few of our big winners tonight!
Packed house last night at 
Thanks to everyone for contributing to Students'Council Colours'Day. We raised €1400 for charity. Great example of 
One final look back at Halloween before embracing the (dare we say it?) Christmas period! A big 
Nov 5-11, 2017 is 
Win a fab weekend away 
The course looks in great shape, keep up the good work 
Ideal book for NQTs, distils important things into simple, easy to understand & add too graphics 
Well done to Lily and Dean who brought in batteries and stamps which will be recycled. Great stuff guys 
stream chat said he looked like a Stando and I lost my damn mind b/c it's true 
Great blog post from Aisling and Eamonn! Thanks 
Thanks a mill guys - that sorts it 
One of our Modern Masters: Joan Miro Artwork: The Cat. 
great to see you!! Well done 
Trucks r on the move this weekend & next! 1st one just arrived at 
The people asked and the people received with their orange singlet 
Good morning! Welcome to Monday. Buses & Drivers leaving the depot on time - ready to serve you all day, everyday this week 
On what's been another busy 
Wishing Australian batsman Cameron Bancroft a very Happy 25th Birthday. Have a great day Bangers
Jocelyn Quinones got coverage for her family of 4 
It’s all about the watch and the location! 
Best of luck buddy. Got my vote 
Best time of the day 
Wonderful day at Flemington yesterday, great to see Redzel get up for 
He’s only gone and done it! 
Remember Pugwash are only doing the Irish dates on the tour. Our birdy comrades are doing the rest. 
Well done to the crew. Great effort
Cheers for the advice Mercer but afraid to say hev has a proper coach, i am her boyfriend and went with her this week. Good knowledge
You would think after winning a g1 I could get something better to eat than an old branch 
Thanks to feel the rhythm and Chris hunter, first free legged pacer I've won on 
All the best Rusty in what is the start of your final chapter of your tennis playing career,great ride with so many moments that thrilled
Congratulations Blake! Great to see the NRC helping to prepare our Wallabies 
Thanks for a fabulous interview 
I'm all ok
Not the way I was hoping to start my day. Car turned in front of me while out training. I’m in A&E but I’m ok
You’re welcome Stevey, glad you like them. 
Current volunteering vacancies include Mon or Fri 3.30-5.30, Sat or Sun any hours...perfect for students aged 16yrs+! Great for your CV 
Great seeing to coached athletes 
What a delightful honour! 
Thanks for all your fundraising everyone! 
One WARNING for all those who're going to watch 
Happy birthday, and thanks for a splendid dinner 
Pep set to give 
Even Arsene is saying it now 
Good man Brian I know it’s going to be a best seller top  Donegal man !!! 
Launching my new chopping board in time for 
Tucked up wi' me lamp. 3 more sleeps til rehearsals 
'Best ever modern comfort food dishes' in latest 
Incredible celebrating my 30th bday with my mum at 
We're glad you had a great evening! 
Wouldn't it be fantastic to see fresh British milk on the shelves in 
Very excited to be part of the new  
Love breezy mornings, Max sniffs the air like a dog possessed 
Anyone else find that their LinkedIn Messages inbox is like a vortex of SPAM and crap? Suggestion... if you ever want to actually get in touch with me... email me on becs@fiandbecs.com - it's 100% more likely to be seen. 
Ah lookie look - two years ago we were at the finals for the National Mumpreneur Awards! We didn't win (obvs) but what a fun day. Shame that 
Perfect indeed, sit back and let the future of the industry take care of you. 
Awesome trip last Friday with the 
So many thank you's tonight, you all know who you are, but biggest applause goes to the competitors for a stunning days cooking! 
It's our 1st day on 
Thanks for the retweet! 
This is important for everyone...please follow the link and sign the petition 
Thanks for all the comments you've been sending through about this case. We still can't believe it, and it appears you can't either. Leaves us feeling really rather 
Our National Conference, Expo & Awards has been accredited by the Royal College of Surgeons for CPD!  Certificates will be sent soon 
Delighted to have been a part of it 
Congratulations Rob, well done to you and the team....
Really impressive improvements to children’s care 
Wow, we all make a difference no matter what we do
We've got all the gardening sundries 
This is such a brilliant idea! 
Delighted that one of the pilots still flys for us and hopefully we can track down the other for Jade to meet them. 
Catch our Takeover from 
It was time to empty some of our planters today in 
Valuable event on client/agency relationships this evening from 
Reminder for Edinburgh Kiltwalkers - Please have your fundraising submitted by November 17, that's this Friday, for your charity to receive a 40% bonus! Thank you 
Spotted, our 'I am not a plastic cup' looking fantastic in these customer photos. We love looking through our tagged photos to see our products in action! 
Customer samples received! 
Just fyi I've seen a flier for 
I think this biography would give a great insight into various confessions! All the best Nick.
 Our calendar signing event at the Superstore kicks off in just under an hour. And 
Help us out with our stylesheets and we'll send you a free tote bag + more! 
 ~5 minute install and setup. Not to shabby. 
This is legit me! 
 Good team dynamics  > 
Tonight is the night! Good luck 
Just the team saving a bunch of folks. 
Special thanks to our Nurses for going above & beyond the call of duty 2 ensure the health/safety of 
We are in full force volunteer mode for our First and Ten Tuesday visit at the 
Order by dates ending tomorrow are 
Good luck in Barcelona 
Its neither. It's simply POP ART using a new medium. not a new genre I guess, but definitely a new approach. 
This is a great opportunity for a young lawyer to show their chops - Come on, you can do it! 
Hats off, or should we say “thumbs up” to 
Our spectacular 40K Club! 
I am loving this steam shower 
Tanning bed is up and running and I didn’t even get electrocuted 
Seasoning the new smoker. Jerky will be goin on in about 2 hours 
“ A SUPERB AND PERFECT 90 DEGREE TAKE OFF OF THIS MARVELLOUS BOEING 737 MAX “ 
Well done Jon Robinson. "A Father's Love" 
Down-to-earth fireside chat with brothers Mark Bezos & 
Lightning strikes! Will be playing around with this over the weekend. 
Pittsburgh – It’s time for 
Hey guys, if you're into welding, check out this magazine! Available online and in print. Check 'em out
Check out Global Electronic Technology's newest driver, Caden Casner! Congrats on the Jr. Dragster ride, bud! We can't wait to root you on next season
Great 3.687 pass for 
3.738 @ 325 for 
Solid 3.755 @ 326 for 
Palmer goes red, & 
Stare Monday right in the face and give it a huge 
Who's got two thumbs and is ready for the weekend?! 
Go Bruno!  Ever True!  
It was great to see the 
Stopping to sign for fans waiting outside! 
We are in full force volunteer mode for our First and Ten Tuesday visit at the 
What a site to see! 
Rad to see the 
90k + followers if just a few 100 of you gave a couple of quid it would make a real difference. 
All roads lead to 
First session done for 
Throwback to some good times with the boys! Party shred season is upon us! 
Well. My phone got run over by a car. Life proof case saved the day though.. And so did my dad for finding it behind the tire of a van
US Crew... Our 'Black Friday' sale starts now! Check out the 
Our 'Black Friday' sale starts now! Check out the 
 We've got our very own parkGames app at Finals tomorrow! Download the app Mobile Adventures and give it a go! 
The model uses the latest Tensorflow high-level APIs like tf.layers,  Estimator or the Dataset API (
Looking good!! 
Whoooo hooo happy birthday Gilbert. 17% off. Don’t mind if I do!  
Cast your vote!! 
A solid run out in game 1 of our 2018 campaign 92-43 against 
 warms up at silverfernsnz  training. 
Super excited to have all 3 
Always a great day when you start a season campaign with a new squad. 
East Coast Games Conference - 2017 - 
Cheers for the advice Mercer but afraid to say hev has a proper coach, i am her boyfriend and went with her this week. Good knowledge
Elegant & beautiful....like Bryn’s beard! 
COME ON THE BOYS!! 
You asked for it 
Today I finished my 10th show, in 10 days. Fly home for 2 days then leave again for my first tour with NEW JAPAN. Create your own future. 
This special has reaffirmed that my ups, downs, faults, and triumphs HAVE to lead to something. Dream on, dreamers
Just one of many great moments from 
 to last Saturday when 
Want to get NFL Pub Smart this week?
We are putting together our Jan/Feb magazine 
No woman in my 
 Can we get to 2K followers?! Help us reach our 
Looking to expand your company into Cornwall? It's time to get inspired by the success stories from some of our talented ambassadors! 
Looking to expand your burgeoning business into Cornwall? We have a dedicated team that's on hand to offer all of the support, knowledge and expertise you'll need for your exciting expansion! 
Looking to expand your company into Cornwall? Let our dedicated team help you make the most of your move 
I’ve been posting regularly on the 
Sum ppl keep saying BB is biased 2 SHILPA & VIKAS,Now MORE than enough of "CORRECTIVE MEASURE" info of the outside world has been passed 2 HINA & PRIYANK!It seems like SHILPA & VIKAS genuinely want 2 end their BITTERNESS
Staghills Nursery had a wonderful time at our Forest School. We can’t wait to see them again soon 
Going to look the bees knees next year in the 
Well I only went & won a 
We're absolutely delighted to be shortlisted as a finalist for the 'Best Support Service' award at the British Youth Travel Awards 2017! 
Great news .... our very own Yogi 
Great to see the revamped 
WTG band family! And 
Playing 2nd XV rugby? No need for cancelled games with new, flexible approach. Every club needs a 2nd team 
No game this weekend. Game with 
Thanks a million Lizzie 
Jack recovering well following his ops. He would like to thank everyone for their kind support and generous donations 
Our Project Manager is 
A great presentation from 
I am running the 
Brilliant insight into a Munster player's day here on the University of Limerick Campus 
Congratulations to current World Rugby Women’s Player of the Year 
Scottish cup next season 
Enjoyed dubai again with you 
 congratulations on winning the Bary Clout Award for volunteering in helping lead with Garry and team of volunteers the running of the weekly 
Delighted to meet my wonderful constituent Pamela from Rainham who has raised over £25,000 for Charity Breast Cancer Care and support.  Thank you for all your amazing work. Proud of all you do. Thank you. 
Delighted as always to visit excellent local 
Just recieved this picture from our brilliant photographer and volunteer at park run Tony C. Great to be part of the amazing volunteering team at this mornings 
Fantastic evening tonight at Medway Business Awards. GR8 to see so many business from Gillingham and Rainham do so well: Avocet Recruiting,Beeline Sameday, Howard Academy Trust.  Evening presented brilliantly as ever by 
Just arrived at MEMS Priestfield Home of  
A wonderful visit as always to Rainham Mark Grammar school my old school for a short period to meet students & see a fantastic school Assembkey led by the amazing 
Best of Luck to you guys as well 
No problem, Moeen 
Thanks for having me . 
Great day , thanks to all involved 
Why thank you very much 
It's going 2 be a amazing show this year with these 2 lovely people 
Well done fellers! nobody dose it better 
Having fun with this! Just need to add your face :D 
Expectations tempered. There’s always tomorrow 
Follow us here:
RT if you're ready for CFA Ruston to be up and running 
 Ben for taking time out to inspire our current students 
Seriously, we had such a great time trying out your game. A definite gaming highlight for us. Keep us updated 
Doing her bit to give back to Glasgow our 
It's not too late to showcase your talent in the 
A lot fitter thanks to 
Because we all NEED another bike! 
Voting is only open until Tuesday !! Please support AB 
People of tellins, get leathered for a good cause this weekend with 
Oh look, our mates 
Just a few more days till we can shop, eat AND pee!! 
Folk of St Helens. Fancy a few this weekend? Only one place to be 
We’ve received loads of messages about 
Had to stop and admire this on the way to cricket match.So simple yet striking
Thank you and good luck to all those people attending our volunteer recruitment sessions this weekend. We've been bowled over by how fantastic you all are 
Proud to be part of the 
 awesome work as always 
Rare date night with the missus.  Looking forward to seeing 
Glad you asked Will. I couldn't spell cauterisation til you replied so now you know 
Gentle reminder that parental smugness feels great but please, keep it to yourself peeps. 
100 up for the season! Warlike Intent wins well at 
 734 word of praise for one of your drivers (taxi734 silver skoda) going out of his way to help an elderly customer & shopping up to her door. Think his names Gareth 
Best of luck to Stuart Webb's apprentice Michael Poy who has his 1st race ride aboard the hotpot Nature Strip, R2 at Mornington today 
The winners just keep flowing from this sale, we’ll be over to buy some more next week. 
Well done to the crew. Great effort
Happy BDay to the Marine Corp
Tye is a number one jockey in my opinion a very intelligent rider 
 produces a pearler on Tumultuous $11 to close off my Friday then starts my Saturday with a win on Pretty Fast $6. Confidence. 
Great atmosphere in the 
The 2015 election night gig was excellent. Unexpected & massive swing against LNP seized up Mr Green’s machines but everybody rolled with it brilliantly. Every success with the 2017 election night coverage 
When sending an email about Cards Against Humanity, it's very important to proofread before you offer to set a deck aside for a customer 
Thanks for supporting our 
Cracking day today stmargaretsgc for our turkey shoot . Weather 
Music can boost confidence like you wouldn't believe! Great work 
Agree it was a fantastic day listing to so much great work and projects 
Loved your presentation and well done on getting through all those slides on time 
Great testimonial - thanks 
Congrats to our fantastic CEO 
My pleasure! Any excuse to see Brian Murphy 
I’d pleasure of starting out with 
Meet Circu-Lite Squeeze Therapy For Legs, 
Looking fab Marie. Well done 
You meet the nicest people 
Looks like lots of you are excited to see 
First blast around Macau tomorrow, very best of luck to 
Well race day tomorrow, unfortunately held on qualifying laps but team working hard and improving the bike all the time see what happens in warmup looking forward to the race
Today at 2pm est...Learn how crypto is going to make the world a better place .... one block at a time 
Malcolm Subban participated in practice today
Happy International Women's Day!
The Dublin stop of this fantastic 
Some spot on. It’s 
Good luck to all 
** Apparently it’s a 12:30 KO for U17s Jnr Colts (H) v 
If you want your component attributes to auto-wrap and align on the next line in 
2-2Steve Smith/BairstowStarc if he plays all 5. Stoneman.Stokes plays 3rd Test 
Thrilled and immensely proud to receive this today from 
Unfortunately this is so true .They have nothing constructive to say 
Some great stats when looking through 
Bean's speech at St Andrews to celebrate her time 
Very good they where young ryhs did a good job
We are underway. 
Looking forward to the first of our Compliance workshops tonight with 
We held a collaborative GOTRI event with 
What a great thing to read on a rainy Wednesday 
Fantastic to see eager young players trying 
Fantastic work - well done colleagues in 
Follow and RT to win tickets to 
Excellent insight in this programme, so much I never knew about The Duke, proper good chap 
FOOTBALL: Well done to Thomas Kavanagh making it through to the next phase of England trials next month at St George's Park 
Women's rugby team working on their footwork in training with 
Remember our advice team can help with mental health issues too: 
I like this. Vocals remind me of Gorkys a bit. Guitar solo a bit Mascis then Grandaddy 
After the sound problems of last Friday night, Gintis return for a hopefully better date in Jan with Martin Carr 
Damn Daniel... Daniel pops by for lunch & smashes the 
NOBODY is under obligation to give free promo to a hotel or any other company, "influencer" or otherwise. We all tag brands all the time WITHOUT being paid to, posts with tags are not *always* ads. It's up to the consumer if they want to tag you. Get off 
I’m in Champ 
First time I’ve done this job at half time in a while...1996 to be precise.  
After a random follow gave 
Has anyone found a vegan bacon they would recommend? I haven't tried any yet so all suggestions welcome if you enjoyed 
Great to meet you briefly yesterday 
 Start your week on a positive note! 
Been eyeing up our merch but just couldn't find an excuse to buy it? All our apparel is reduced till 2018 
But if you're after something a bit smaller, our 6-packs are only a tenner 
Reposting @artistic_unity2017:Today's sky, comment if I should carry on this theme 
Our friends Joel & Harri from 
@JiddyMint cheers mate 
 Me and my giant mixing hand. 
Once again, ladies & gentlemen, 
If Reelow is feeling it... 
Oh ya, said this yesterday on stream but I forgot to tweet. Taking the day off. Gonna be live all weekend! 
Thanks for the heads up D 
Big shout out to the wonderful Tymon, our waiter at 
A huge thanks to the 
We are proud to announce that 
Looks like loads of fun for the little ones. Please RT! 
For this week our follow Friday is for our sister venues! Go and check them out 
Couldn’t make it today myself. But well done to all that was involved 
Some usefull , and tasty goods in the 
Great video which explains what a vanguard is & lots of fun to film. Good job Harriet! 
Great work by all at 
Ball and Boe: Back Together 
Constructive talks held yesterday with 
A welcome move by 
Some of you may know Nicola from her time at Tesco. Donations greatly appreciated 
Well done team Leyland 
“Sharing leadership” is one of 
Tesco at its best. Race for life 2016 in the glorious sunshine 
We are so proud of our ladies at Tesco Hereford Bewell Street  completing 
Stopping the very poorest from paying more than the rest of society for basic essentials - what a great double bottom line initiative 
It was a pleasure to host you Rajesh 
Lots of inspiring tweets under 
Rural GPs from across Scotland & beyond heading to 
Team Ealing in the festive spirit. 
Well dine to the team, stock integrity audit 96% 
Good luck to all those competing at 
Great doing the food demo today 
Awesome teamwork - loved it too!! 
Congratulations to all those shortlisted for 'Fast Growth Business of the Year' from all the team 
Our very best wishes go to Jody who will be competing in the World Karate Championships in Tenerife next week! 
Congrats to Taylor Funk - this week's 
Looking forward to covering 
 thanks for the magic beans 
Frustrating night, but we have qualified. We will be better next time, thanks for your support as always 
 Podcast tomorrow with myself and 
ICYM this story on my guy 
There are some big cup clashes today! Here are our Picks of the Day! Stay tuned for updates throughout the afternoon 
Great squash in the 
Been busy improving our courts. Floors sanded, walls cleaned & out of court area repainted. Front walls to be re-plastered soon 
Superb point won by 
 - opportunity to receive Coaching and have FUN playing Squash in Rhiwbina Squash Club - don’t miss this opportunity 
Wishing good luck to all our juniors taking part in this weekends Silver 
Powys Jnr Open Entries close Friday- Enter Now - 1 day event on Sat 2nd December in Newtown- 
Referee course & workshops- Squash Wales raising the bar for 2 days supported by 
Well done to Rebecca and Catherine Miller. Both 2nd in the 
Great to see the new promo video for studying horticulture in Ireland 
I learned a lot about grass over the past 10 days in Ireland and Iceland but learned even more about good hospitality. What an experience. Come here any time and you will be looked after 
Wish I was playing the 
News: Our game against 
Well beaten today by a good side 
Fine looking group of distinguished gentlemen! 
Played poorly in difficult conditions, but had a good partner today & the Irish Sec Mgrs are 5-1 up after day one 
Well that’s a testament to both the machines and the operators. Brilliant. 
Good shift from the lads tonight 
Great job carried out by Chris at Specialist Lake Services! 
Thank you! We're very excited 
Hard fought point away from home against a good side 
Great way to sign off the season 
A big thanks to 
Disappointing result for 1st team Saturday losing 3-1 against pwll in west wales missed chances and mistakes cost us! Good luck in the next round 
We’ve appointed our very first Disability Access Officer! 
Junior Development Programme!! Week 2 of our junior programme with Development Coach 
Season 2017 is now over 
Voting has now closed - thanks for your support 
Thank you for your attendance, looking forward to seeing you at the next meeting 
Really enjoyed speaking w 
Good luck to Reece representing 
Well done Adam fantastic result 
Great post from Hal 
Congratulations boys. Great achievement from 
As always, we look forward to welcoming our friends from 
Good luck to the remaining 
Have you seen inside a new £15.5m special school? Pupils have given it the thumbs up! 
Great pic, love the 
Would personally like to thank 
Looks great, guess my invitation got lost in the post, all the other lads seemed to get there’s tho 
Today’s fantastic 
Thanks to Estoril Circuit for creating an event on our behalf 
Still, the adrenaline has subsided and I'll be seeing 
4-4 Draw against Bromford yesterday. Great battling by the lads . . 
Great 4-1 win today!! Well done lads 
We just want to stress spaces are filling up really quick and we don't want anyone to miss out. Please retweet and visit 
So great to hear Urmala from Sampad and Tas, curator for our People of Partition in 
Good luck at the US Open to 
Thanks to all the guys for signing my visor at 
Never left the theatre with such a full heart as I did tonight after 'A Christmas Carol'. Bawled my eyes out with sadness and utter delight. Rhys Ifans was 
Looking forward to the 
Must have been our suspension setting 
Congrats Jnr Athlete of the Yr - Female: 
England seriously know how to win when they aren’t playing well 
There's a simple solution to your dilemma, see the we unfollow button, just press that 
Your welcome Jonny, super proud to play a part in your Championship!!
Super chuffed to finish second in the Ulster open today, our biggest shoot of the year, thanks Gamebore cartridges for all the support!!
The new showroom work shop and cafe will be open in around 4 weeks time pop over and check it out 
Local journalism student Jordan Moreland is doing a quick survey on road racing for website idea.If you have a few minutes spare this evening fill it in. It's fantastic to see local students getting stuck in and promoting our sport. Great job Jordan!! 
Yet another great bat from the boys at 
It’s a cracker by the looks of it Dav. Will be coming your way at some point for the Bat Whisperer to work his knocking in magic on it! Awesome service from the 
Too many great cars to narrow it down much, and a lot of great people too 
Wishing Australian batsman Cameron Bancroft a very Happy 25th Birthday. Have a great day Bangers
SIGNED: We are delighted to announce the signing of Ryan Higgins! 
All the best Rusty in what is the start of your final chapter of your tennis playing career,great ride with so many moments that thrilled
Lovely gesture! Good guy 
Huge thanks to Tim and all 
39 followers away from 2000 - hope to get there this week - any RT help greatly appreciated 
Ok Southern Miss students and fans let's show up tonight!! Football weather
Superb earlier Si. Hope you enjoyed and catch you soon. Cameo 
Great finish on Saturday 
Just starting our first G&T taster evening with 
They look the business Wayne
End of a great week 
Me too can't wait to get back at it! I'm very good thank you hope you are too 
 Great way to spend a Sunday afternoon, reading 
Great equipment guys! 
Last weekend together with this guy in the 2016 GT Masters went well
V inspiring bunch at Coupar Angus 
Thanks for the shout out 
 Shame the championship has gone for you now but enjoy the rest of the weekend mate you'll be back for an even stronger 2018! 
 can't wait to get to 
A very proud Gooner!! 
Cheers guys let’s do one next year too. 
What a way to finish off my x30 mini tour, had an amazing year with 
And The Hulk improves again! P6 this time, in 1:19.552. Carlos is staying close, P7 with a 1:19.969 lap! 
Our favourite German driver spent the day 
Tuesday is going to be a very big day for 
I would call that a success and Millie gives the 
So nice to win the Championship in 
Delighted to be joining the 
Get some tickets ordered 
 Day 6. Grateful for 
I will certainly be coming back then 
Ricky Gervais, well said.  
A room full of beer 
Let's hear it for the boys...
Good economic news in papers today ahead of Budget: BoE say pay is rising as unemployment falls, CBI survey shows strongest manufacturing orders for 30 yrs and export orders for 22yrs and firms “confident” growth will continue!
Found the picture! Can’t wait for the 2017 picture update! 
Well done to this year's shortlisted nominees for our Creativity Award! 
We’ve got a stack of 
Likewise ... today I was with a team in 
Thanks for keeping the seats warm 
Congratulations, a triumph over various adversities. Glad that 
Team chop, 5 more to go 
Just donated excess cash from the 
Just donated excess cash raised by the 
Come on, you know you want to 
Black Clover - Live Lucky is offering 30% off their entire site to our Guests this 
Congratulations to Gabi Bickel (BLRC) and Teresa Taylor (VCRC) 3rd SrMasterW2x 
Opinion: The general's speech is the one we wish the President could make. (Hear hear!!) Speech & editorial?
Giving Boat Rocker CEO John Young big 
No fight taken - all good fun 
The boys ... .... ... 
We have raised over £300 at school today for Children in Need. 
Op stap met the birthday girl! 
The video of our 
Pics & interviews with Emily & Meritt on Rip & Tan. 
Starting the day off right 
You’ve got one cool dad. 
Finding time in our busy schedule to talk and gifting 
Hey everyone! Pls try to include Twitter handles for venues, performers, etc when u send us shows or tag them in pics. Boosts promotion 
Please support our friends 
Watched a very funny movie. The Little Hours. One of those gem movies that you stumble upon. Great cast 
 A great conversation with Gary Oldman, Kristin Scott Thomas and director Joe Wright about 
Superb conditions for a 
I think I fooled them 
Passing on to the 
There’ll be no cake for breakfast tomorrow morning - I’ve made two batches of granola 
You’re a bad influence on me 
 Shop at Carter’s OshKosh B’Gosh for 30% off Sleepwear, Dresses + Cardigans & Little Collections! 
Heck of an idea! 
Good music i love it
Get.  Your.  Podcast. On. With 
 Episode 20(!) tmrw with top actor and top human 
....(2/2)....the fact 
Thursday, yeah?  
*fully. NOT "illy". What's "illy"?  
We always like ideas for future 
Seems bending the rules for listening to 
Recently had my bathroom done and found a brilliant plumbing company 
 Hey lads! Here's my live show from last week featuring your music, played in the first hour
Ippolito Produce Say "YES" to join Teamsters Local 419, Welcome to the Teamsters!!!
20 Years ago. Still have both sets on MP3 
Roll on 2018 then 
Back to my old stomping ground Vienna tonight for a reunion session at classic club 
Budapest this Friday with 
Album launch sets are now up c/o 
Some crazy mofos voted for us as Best Newcomer Label, thanks! 
Looking for travel buddies? We have created a Facebook group to help you find new travel buddies you can share an apartment with. 
I'm not a great fan of filming in clubs, but if you must, please could you turn the light off when you put it in my face? Thanks in advance
Yes yes tearin 12" from the MIGHTY 
Appreciate it Chris! Come join over 7500 of us at 
Good morning Vincent, here’s your scrambled egg...and a pregnancy test 
You know what to do people, check out 
Get near your wireless and listen to past 
Thanks for inviting me had a great time! 
Live with Arma 3: Exile....in Chernarus!Come and chill 
We couldn't agree more, 
Trying this bad boy today 
G.0.A.T Media's O-FFiCiAL "Logo"Like = 
I can relate to this.. 
I feel bad for Frankie..he had a bad game..don’t want him to lose confidence and minutes..he will needs to get back on track..I still believe in him 
live with some new 
A busy day interviewing at 
Back from lunch to see this on screen at 
MATs are not just about collaboration but should enable school improvement to be done ‘better and more cheaply’ 
Reason # 1,000,528 why the 
 Just ordered my Deluxe White Xmas collection - looks fab 
Thanks Iain for a great article. 
Great blog Iain. Excellent points. 
StoryboardThat ROCKS!! 
This is AWESOME!! 
What he said! 
Make sure you pick up an open day booklet for a full timetable of talks & subject sessions throughout the day 
Woohoo tweeps we're offering Black Friday Week DEALS! Get in touch to save up to £200 on booths, beanbags, folders, biz cards, letterheads, Xmas cards & more  
"The suicide rate in Britain fell by 4.7% last year to the lowest level since 2011, with prevention work in England credited for the drop." 
Great work by all from an AF Lion -diagnosed two months ago by a simple pulse check by my GP a stones throw from MFC - well done 
Our home is nothing but the people in it, and those who share it with us. Collaboration creates opportunity. We celebrate that together. Thank-you 
Couldn't think of a better person to receive it. Well done Raymond 
Thanks for the love 
2 days until we play at Soup Kitchen!! Really psyched for this one 
Barry Gibb can still rock it,That falsetto is in full flow! 
REU summer research program in Chemistry at Texas A&M University. Contact info: Marylin Warren at reu@chem.tamu.edu 
Received my heat tint sweet spot clutch today. It looks fab and am looking forward to putting on the kit. Thanks 
Nice to see the crowd at tonight's 
An adult male has been arrested from an address in the Chantry area of Ipswich West this morning on suspicion of Cannabis Cultivation following a positive Drugs Warrant. Enquiries ongoing
Fab achievement for our radar team 
Congratulations Cam - well done mate 
This afternoon we spent a while on the playground because of a faulty fire alarm sensor. Everyone is safe & the children were excellent! 
My Father told me I may never play like him, but try to be a good man like Arnie. Happy Birthday to the King. We miss you! 
Was great to be a part of 
Best thing I’ve read today... 
We've spent today photographing the superb 
No worries mate! 
Looking forward to a great day as 
Fantastic. Look forward to hearing all about it 
A good day for golfers called Koepka 
Well done to all the Graduands at the 
 Banoffee caramel digestives....what a time to be alive 
Recording day of music by 
You can find out more about the business support that is available by visiting 
Glad you enjoyed yourselves everyone! Hope to see you again soon! 
Make sure you set a reminder for the third episode of 
Fantastic talk about app downloads at 
We’ve just took a great 
LOVING THIS! Thanks guys! 
Get fashionable, get festive, raise some money for charity! 
Looking great! Keep up the good work, team
Our pool is closed between 1-3pm on Sunday for the disability triathlon...good luck to all taking part 
EDUCATION | Bravery & confidence on the ball this morning from 
EDUCATION | lots of activity 
Busy Horace-ing some artwork up for Book number 3 
Excited for the first vlog from SJ Salem (aka Steve) 
Start of Ipswich half marathon run number 18 
Great night @Brumawards 
5 days left to bid for original artwork from 
Celebrate non-fiction books for children this November by entering our brilliant book bundle competition for 
Love this Oodles of Doodles artwork from the brilliant 
Noel sounding fresher, newer, different, better 
Well done! Just hit your target!!! 
Can’t wait to sell out this night .. 
We love your work McK. and look forward to more 
What a beautiful spot for an avocado field day 
We won!!! 
In this mornings practice we were third quickest and less than 0.4sec from the fastest truck! So Mat's happy 
Can’t stop this lad at min 
Gday all from australia
And its good night from australia
Great signing, Griff was immense 
Class result today from 
High-powered show today, 
In the airport lounge ready for home unfortunately unable to announce (just yet) our final over seas target but will announce at 12 noon UK time the signing of an existing squad member 
that's one I can definitely relate to 
There was a lovely atmosphere & fantastic skills on show at our U10 C Netball tournament this afternoon! Thank you to all schools for attending. 
Breakfast with the legend! Great player great coach and a greater bloke 
The day I can afford to not reply to the fans and supporters of charities of our game would be a sad day that I should no longer partake in it! 
Mate didn’t come into contact with any merchandise sales but the legend Craig Catterick on their med team who was on ours this year had gifted me one and I will be delighted to donate that which he is happy for me to do! Will contact you on my return to collect it 
Let’s have it quarter final 1 in the rugby league World Cup hoping for a real ding dong! 
Exciting opportunity for 2018 U16’s non scholarship players 
Thanks for the run out 
We are meeting at 6pm for our run out with 
Ex Forces breakfast, please join us Monday 12th June! LSV stadium 10.30-12.30 2nd Monday every month. Butty, brew and a chat. 
Lovely stuff Tom! 
Fantastic - and that's top notch customer service right there! 
A great training session tonight 
 redefining the meaning of smart TV @GFIC2017! With AI computer vision, smart TV is no longer the interaction between a HD screen and a 3D voice system. It is instead an intelligent machine that helps to optimize content recommendation and ad placement effectively! 
Another brilliant work by 
Exciting afternoon of rugby for 
Also special mention to the referee today on exchange from Sri Lanka with 
Thanks to the incredible, generous support of 
In the studio today listening to  
Absolutely amazed by the fantastic artwork being exhibited this evening by Fusion Adult Art Class...Massive well done 
Would you like some 
Calling all shopaholics! 
New GPs guideline recommends physio over opioids for acute musculoskeletal pain 
Test fitting of the wings and bonnet
Lots of “recording in the pub” feedback. Thanks to 
The hawking menace is intense, deeprooted & severe. Well written article by 
"That's a bad word." 
Lol wholly unsolicited and not a response to anything. 
P.S. - No 
2 years as a mentor with the same mentee and loving it 
Help a football pal vote 
Thank you too all the UKHooligans fans for there support this year 
Tickets arrived for the 
ATTENTION -  this Monday at 
He's definitely on cloud nine! 
Yep Audley and him the catalysts pal
What a fight me and 
One of our featured games on 
ooo - look forward to listening to this! 
Check it out! 
 such a top night when you had a craving points win even steve maylett was singing on the ring walk
Had some really nice feedback some constructive criticism.learning and developing all the 
Join us in wishing a biiiiiig Happy Birthday to our very own, 
Please note that the club shop will be open from 1:30pm - 6pm today. 
Enjoyed reading this piece about 
Good luck fellas bring back a W 
Working on a presentation for the upcoming 
Thanks for all the well wishes 
@cjdavies20 will miss hammering ur square head every morning aswel! 
 | Great to see 
 Our calendar signing event at the Superstore kicks off in just under an hour. And 
We're moving over to 
 The Lads give a thumbs up 
Disappointing result tonight but the fans were incredible. Now time to rest up & get ready for next season 
Scrappy game, but a good win. Well done 
Good luck to all the teams in our 
Our old tennis courts have been cleared another step closer to our 3G all weather playing area 
Wonderful description and report of great game of ladies football, 
Thank you for taking the time to chat to the girls after the game! Great role model for young girls to look up to 
Like your Real Ales? We have a selection available in our bar, including a new entry for ourselves, the Wellspring from 
 morning are there any refs avalible for our game tomorrow 2pm river lane pavilion let me know
 well done on your cup win, I look forward to the rematch for 3 points! 
We are extremely proud to announce this partnership with 
Ha...love this, a 'toon of a CRUZ from 
Good 1-0 away win in the cup today at 
October has proven to be a brilliant month for the swifts...4 games...4 wins...22 goals scored 3 goals conceded, same again next month 
We're up and running at Gweedore Celtic with the Club Mark Awards and 
 These guys had the time of their lives in Mauritius today
 media city are delighted to have partnered up with 
Get into marketing, they said. It'll be creative, they said. I just spent the last hour counting Argos gift vouchers 
Looking smart, Ladies 
And, just a reminder, it was you who said he was out of touch... 
 day 24 Big day today 
After an extended overhaul the Maid of Glencoul back home
Well done boys!! Oneards and upwards. Was important to focus and win this week. Same again next week 
Big welcome to the 
This is what happens when you try to cook Thanksgiving dinner while listening to 
Ok, well, Christmas here early... 
All the good stuff, none of the bad stuff. Nature’s Promise Turkeys are vegetarian fed, with no antibiotics ever 
-Can I plse get ur vote 4 
Great news for the North East and 
There I am. Incredibly useful workshop thank you 
This is my wife's cousin's husband. We've been to Derby looking for him today but no joy. If you could share that would be great 
Today Ms. Amey’s class at Great Meadows Central School held a Blue Line Bag Appreciation Ceremony. The students put these bags together for each officer as a way of saying Thank You for our service. 
Thanks for broadcasting Sober on your show 
About time! This is a validation of the economic & institutional reforms being undertaken. Miles to go...but we’re headed the right way. 
 I get to wear a pirate hat 
First day of third year project testing! 
Year 7 girls rugby is a huge success. The group are really getting stuck in and soaking up all the mud 
Also as the modern scene develops with places that are passionate about beer like 
At Soft opening Lightfoot&Wolfville Winery 
Another festival meeting featuring absolutely no real ale. Great venue though 
We already can't wait for the next 
Coming soon to a mobile device near 
It’s gonna be 
I am running the 
90k + followers if just a few 100 of you gave a couple of quid it would make a real difference. 
Stopping to sign for fans waiting outside! 
I’m not sorry for being “absent” from Twitter over the past few days...I’ve been enjoying this week with my family. I’ll catch back up with y’all next week 
Canada - time to move from 
I certainly was. 
Welcome to Twitter, Michael. You've been class so far! 
| We're about more than just cricket - 
| What a fantastic week it's been so far. We’ve received some amazing feedback and delighted hundreds of clients - your event could be next!Get in touch 
Great news for the North East and 
Can’t wait to walk out the match ball on Saturday for 
Make bone marrow gravy and turn roast beef up to 11 
Winner of our ticket giveaway, 
Who's up for watching my appearance on the 
All the good stuff, none of the bad stuff. Nature’s Promise Turkeys are vegetarian fed, with no antibiotics ever 
Great to see so many players and teams giving the thumbs up 
Morning Table tennis club numbers picking up. Next step 
Thanks for the support, 
Proud to be part of the 
Ever thought about being a football coach? Start you coaching pathway with The 
It's great to see a central shop selling ethical cosmetics and local food produce, also committed to reducing packaging 
There are just 5 weeks until 
Paul Marshall will reach 200 caps for Ulster on Friday if he plays against Benetton Rugby 
Great hosting these guys today! 
Yesssssss!!  Glad you enjoyed it! 
Thanks for supporting our 
Discharge procedure today at the 
Celebrate non-fiction books for children this November by entering our brilliant book bundle competition for 
Rejuvenating Eye Gels are here to soothe and keep puffy eyes in check 
Have you tried the Milk Peel FlashMasque? It's a gentle peel that's sensitive skin approved 
Glad we were able to help feed some families for this upcoming thanksgiving! 
This is why I love London’s Black Cab drivers. Here they are lining up to give veterans a free lift home after 
Idea for Stranger Things 3;just Steve Harrington 
In some ways, the perfect metaphor for political debate in 2017 
Our friends Joel & Harri from 
Whaaa? I MUST HAVE THESE. 
Hey! IF your public apology for sexually harassing people has the word IF in it, then you are garbage. 
Love the new banner 
I misjudged you, 
 collects the hardwareRegular season champs 
We're gearing up for 
Work is still going on but no traffic impacts. Now that is a forecast to be thankful for! 
Big win followed by a great day at the capital pride parade 2day! Proud to be in such a supportive and diverse city!
Congrats to all the 
If you haven’t already done so, please do have a look at and make use of our fantastic e-learning resource, 
Let the race begin!! Get this Tarmac laid 
We love this Claire, another fabulous carving! 
The news is out 
Catching up on motorsport and finding out epic job by 
Busy busy for th 
Had some pretty epic weekends last couple years 
Looks like there will be some news tomorrow morning regarding which 
Ready to go to a happy customer in 
Get some tickets ordered 
Fun in the snow
About 150mph car fantastic, look forward to next run!!  
Great first lap , sorry about the flies!! 126.9 mph average and a  bit more to come 
Play time before Isle of Man, sounds great 
We’ve made it this week! Hello everyone, we trust you are all well 
Really appreciate it my friend. Thank you. Final lap starts in Newcastle & then time for new challenges but still round motorsport/media. 
Hahaha Ni hao mate. We’re everywhere! 
5 years of service at 
Looks like lots of you are excited to see 
Just picked up our 
Well, that was fun!! P22 for 
What a way to end the season! Mammoth ride from 
First blast around Macau tomorrow, very best of luck to 
4 sure ..Its a double ruby 
Good to finally meet you dude! 
Very productive day today. More news soon 
What's your favourite track from Protocol Lab pt. 3? 
What's your favourite track from Protocol Lab pt. 2? 
Thanks for being with us last Monday! 
We'll send you some Poser Paste 
Team ART31 selfie at 
 What a amazing track man. It gives me those summer vibes. 
Well done to 1A4 - your volcano models are fantastic! 
The Dublin stop of this fantastic 
I'll send you a refund on one of them adjusted for inflation in the last 20 years
Really- Watch this - it’s quality 
We're aware of some Snatch troubles today. Our tech team are working on a fix as we speak so hold tight and things should be back to normal v.soon. 
Some more pictures from the New Impatient building today .Below are the three wings and we especially love the poster for today's date .
One week until the 
 is ready to go 
Great blog post by 
Awesome charity - have a brilliant night this Saturday 
 Before I put a order in could you tell me what choccy treat is being shipped this week.
 thank you for the prompt delivery and of course the caramel rocky for my first tea break tomorrow 
Loving these Fox paint brushes from 
Eduardo Berizzo: Sevilla coach reveals cancer following draw with Liverpool - now that’s a united team 
Dembele on, good love the man 
Our 'Black Friday' sale starts now! Check out the 
Evening! Did you think we'd forgotten? No way! Here's our 
Another great delivery from 
On a good fitness streak now 4 on 2 off tomorrow will be 10 runs in 14 days 
Today - lunch for 60. Tomorrow - all of Bath! We open TOMORROW and we're ready for you... 
Corn Ui Mhuiri Result Roco 2.10 St. Flannans 1.11. Great performance lads
Best of luck today 
Well done to Stuart Moyles with his new number one selling Album. It's always a pleasure working with this guy 
Taekwondo Irish Cup in action all the younger athletes competing today 
A great local event & opportunity next week: 23rd 
It’s a wet, miserable evening but please don’t let that stop you 
Another great night with 
The last remaining seats for the 
Will be good Paul! Look forward to seeing you there
Going to be gooooooood!
Another happy customer:Anyone who has old tired uPVC windows & doors, get them sprayed! They look as good as new! 
One final look back at Halloween before embracing the (dare we say it?) Christmas period! A big 
Jenny Lee, Luke & Mike taking time to share information about mental health 
Hey there! We’re upping the ante for AT in Ireland alright
In the airport lounge ready for home unfortunately unable to announce (just yet) our final over seas target but will announce at 12 noon UK time the signing of an existing squad member 
Great Robotics here at 
Looking sharp mate! We just figured out it’s internet & Tech awards. Great stuff...
A huge thank you to Anthony and Angela from 
RT colinmeagle Thanks Billy! Hopefully see you on the night. 
thanks for calling down 
Our NEW Limited Edition Chutneys from Tom & Laura 
Waow! Im loving watching this come together!
The Dubs can keep Sam, we have The Rose
Well done to all 
The YMCA provides accommodation to some of the most vulnerable in our society. It offers a safe and supported environment where individuals can use this stability to plan and move forward in life. Great work guys 
Looking forward to the 
Smoked Salmon! Yum! We can't wait to see you on Monday! 
Love this little camera. 
This is why I do what I do. This industry is so inspiring and it makes me so happy that people are achieving their dreams. I’m so incredibly proud to be a part of the 
GREAT NEWS! Amazing offer has been extended till Nov 23rd! Book now whilst you can 
Great pic, love the 
Congrats on the win with 
Our lovely Research Fellows & Young Graduate Trainees at the annual 
All the best lad, great career and won't forget the help & support you provided me in school over the yrs, very few as humble! 
Please take a moment to vote for 
Just another random amazing 
Malahide Christmas Experience WEEKEND dates are all sold out for December! Great news for those who have booked and great news for those still looking to book we still availability on the following dates: 
Out of the combine and back to lambing!!
'We need locally relevant, innovative responses that consider the whole sanitation service chain.' Looks like 
Drinking great Tuscan wine out of magnums can only make your Saturday night better!! 
How sweet it is :) 
See you there, can't wait 
Great to see women 
We are proud to announce that 
We'll also be sharing key insights on 
Well done again to 
Great to have you on board mate lookin forward to workin with you ...
Looking to recruit merseycare staff for next season's dragon boat racing (Feb)We train with Amathus 
» Good to sit down and chat with 
Even if this all ends tonight I will always be grateful to 
So incredibly proud of how far Lewis has come and how determined he is! Looking forward to hearing how his weekend was when we get back to school tomorrow! 
Brilliant guys, keep up the good work 
Great to have the Aussie lads 
The partnership is worth around £1 million over three years. Good luck 
Today let's walk in 
Congratulations to all involved well done 
Thanks to all the coaches who attended this evenings 
Well done to all our 82 Jordanstown junior parkruners 
Volunteers needed to help the junior parkruns on Sunday mornings on the Jordanstown campus. If interested in helping for approx 1 hr we’d love to hear from you via E: jordanstown-juniorshelpers@parkrun.comVolunteers need to be on site 9am for briefing. Run starts 9.30am 
We're liking your field catering style 
Wouldn't it be fantastic to see fresh British milk on the shelves in 
Out micro coring greens today with the 
Final 1200sq down. All bunkers complete plus 2 tees (9th and 15th) turfed. Great effort by all my lads plus volunteers. 
Sign up for FREE 
Couldn’t make it today myself. But well done to all that was involved 
Some usefull , and tasty goods in the 
 exercise for apprentices. Another job well done 
Reason #2 you should go to IDM Services. A Fast and Friendly Response! 
Lister Wilder Ockham Mo Bros! Day 22
Thanks Trimax for the award 
Well that’s a testament to both the machines and the operators. Brilliant. 
Great to see the new promo video for studying horticulture in Ireland 
I learned a lot about grass over the past 10 days in Ireland and Iceland but learned even more about good hospitality. What an experience. Come here any time and you will be looked after 
 Back where they belong - brilliant band and superb live. Great new songs coming out - can't wait for the tour 
Looking forward to discussing some hot  topics tonight 
The prize draw is now closed. Thank you very much to all those who entered  the competition. The winner will be chosen from the draw later today!  Good Luck!! 
33mm in sherwood central, Andrew, nice
Day 15 Mo update...halfway now! Big thanks for all donations so far 
We enjoyed creating, producing & event managing @strandshopping 
After 40 years service this 
Great talk yesterday Dr D! Very informative, fact laden and funny!!!!
Today... The Mercedes trophy on our links... Succes to all the participants 
Clubhouse renovations are finished 
Thank you! We're very excited 
Best of luck on your retirement dennis
Thanks for all the excitement over the last year Paul 
Unbelievable last day scoring under huge pressure - Congrats to you all 
Beautiful day and great course yesterday 
Well worth subscribing if you are a keen amateur golfer. Great supporters of our Links Golf Cup Par 3 Challenges 
 12th hole, railway line gives it away 
Paisley Golf Club looking to recruit a Managing Secretary & Deputy Course Manager, please see image attached. 
Congrats on shipping (driving?) 
Fantastic day for a wander to the best halfway house in the world 
Also huge thanks to green keeping staff 
A demolition job by 
 many thanks for having us this week, the green staff done a fantastic job to get us playing never mind finish. Hats off 
Very very well played 
Today’s office view 
@livingforlove82 LOVE IT!!!! CONGRATS!!! 
Comp 3 for our Maxwell Turf Hardener launch, we're giving away a Maximise Resilience Package + HH Deluxe Body Warmer! RT & fav to enter 
And so you should be, single most important piece of training I have been part of within Early Years 
One of our favorite game day traditions: Reading with the Matadors. Today we are 
What a site to see! 
Thanks for flying by 
Happy Youth Work Week 
 Vinnies provides free Hot Meals & drinks to those in Need every Tuesday 11-2, Newcastle pls RT help us to spread the word. 
Paradiso was another level last night! Flight home on 1 hour's sleep begins 
Saw 2 amazing bands tonight 
Pudsey says pay ya taxes 
Sunday lunch sorted?  Why not put your feet up and pop on any of our episodes 1-19?  Or maybe you fancy listening again before we hit the big EP20 on Thursday? Either way, enjoy your Sunday 
Job done, now on to Friday, what a strike from 
Super excited to start reading this from 
Cernovich not just active on here, but actually *followed* by Twitter's CEO. Harassment campaigns, white nationalism, smearing political enemies as pedophiles, rape tips, spreading conspiracy theories like pizzagate... all given a massive 
Seen Seana after the full time whistle, picking up litter in the shed, well done her and the other volunteers 
 nice result today from a bit of a scrappy game..thanks to everyone who says hello and gives me old man a let on in his wheelchair gets his confidence up..thanks
Bet both players just got up & cracked on with the game too !! Just love grassroots football 
The search for the golden one is at an end !! Come on you boys in Purple 
Enjoying days like this is one thing but sharing ‘em with your daughter is simply wonderful 
Gutted to miss tonight's game with sickness, spent half the game in the jaxs but from what I heard the boys grinded out a good 3 points 
Some crazy mofos voted for us as Best Newcomer Label, thanks! 
Benny & The Belly 
Seeing My Vitriol tonight with Hundred Reasons, and proper excited about it too 
Delighted to be part of this fantastic  story 
Thanks Manchester , got the worst hangover in history 
This game looks BADASS!!!!!!!! Can't wait to play it 
Maureen & Dave have their  bassface on right about now!! Randall going innnn. 
Lunch at Old Street 
Great read over at 
Twitter needs some happy news today... here's Jack after completing his Star Wars kinder egg toy collection 
Want your friends to be a 
Hey Wickr community, Wickr’s core crypto just went public on GitHub! A BIG thanks to Wickr Advisors
A galaxy far far away they’re using 
 to warm nights if Fish’n 
Junior with his personal 
 is what this pic is saying
You can feel the 
Baa Baa Black sheep
Happy Belated Birthday to Life Member, 
And, just a reminder, it was you who said he was out of touch... 
Who is starting startups? Where? Why? How are Aussie startups funded? It's all here in the 2017 
Red Deer to start bouncing back from economic slump: Conference Board 
Our BR AP science students dissecting squid specimens at 
"Finally, after years of chin stroking, Toronto has found the courage to do something bold about its commuting mess. Finally, it's coming to understand: cities that want to avoid strangling on their own growth have to change how they move people around."
We are very proud on our clients- ex-yu champions 
Let's give some 
Waiting for the announcement at 
I'll probs be there
Thanks to everyone for the kind messages regarding my retirement from riding ! Here’s to the next chapter , looking forward to it 
A guy that deserves to play in the premier league! Delighted for 
We've got your lunch covered tomorrow Bristol 
Thanks a million everyone for the nice tweets and massages great day 
Great to hear from 
Declarationoflove does the business at 
In the winners on 
Our season may have only just ended but the grounds men have been grafting hard with work on the track, pre Parade Ring and horsewalk 
What a fantastic card our friends at 
Well done team! 
We're off to the 
So cute. Well done to all. 
I need a teleportation device to take me Memphis, Tennessee on every Saturday to watch this show! Can anyone build one?  Don't worry I'll trust ya! 
Sounds like a top idea, looking good Austin.
It's all go today prepping for tomorrow's 
Thanks for the suggestion 
I had the pleasure of hearing this one and it's great. The late 90s/early 00's IDM/electronic sound is close to my heart and this one ticks all the boxes 
I like this bridge better than the chorus. 
Putting together some footage from our trip. 
Well done Marie. Harlech setting the standard! Awesome effort
BBQ111/17: A very special Tomahawk steak! New blog post now up -   
'Unleash the McLeish' 
Artwork for @shindiggerbrewingco's Mango Unchained, a session IPA with mango and pineapple 
Just got confirmation from Whistler/Blackcomb that the mountain is opening for the ski season on November 19th!
Bummer indeed. Huge fan...loved how you hilighted CDN eats 
 spreading the importance of staying active & the benefits of sport TX 
Surprised this hasn't been shut down yet..soon no doubt. See you 
Dear followers, this account will surely be deactivated soon so pls feel free to join me 
Here we go again ... 
Funny. Beautiful.  Super 
Funny stuff big man!
Don’t forget we have 
Runner-up for our new award, Best Angel Syndicate, goes to 
 They've never let me down
Saturday morning, I've had some Magic and Medicine, now time for some Roots and Echoes 
Tickets on sale now!
If you're at 
Suspected arrested today in relation to theft of tools.Thank you to everyone that shared our appeals.Solihull CID Officers will be in touch with everyone next week that made contact to ID tools 
Full Autumn listings up at 
We’re back Oct 2nd with 
If you're looking for some track time at Newport get yourself over to one of these sessions 
Great blog post on getting the most from your turbo training from 
Patrols around the choc fest event today at the cattle market 
We're beyond thrilled for 
Suicide is on the rise because of gambling. Your R/T could just possibly save a life. Thank-you 
The fantastic Dinah Rose QC of 
You know who’s magic? Jesmyn Ward, National Book Award winner, that’s who. 
Worth the trip to Basel for the fab 
Have got my copy 
That me booked onto 
 huge congrats to all staff who pledged for 
It was a beautiful evening with "Nepal In Data". Thanks to 
Loving the nuggets attendees are gleaning from our Wise Traditions conference! 
A huge well done to the staff at 
Good luck to Dr. Norma Nowak at 
This video says it all. 
 Titans Unite for Native American Heritage Month 
When podcast guests get together to make Theatre happen!!  
It was gr8 to see FarmerBob back  
Great live reporting. 
Latest podcast recc:
you need to do your work and quit tweeting! Then you'll graduate 
“Supporting New Teacher Wellness” 
StoryboardThat ROCKS!! 
This is AWESOME!! 
What he said! 
Kids have no problem articulating what they are thankful for, we as adults can take a lesson from them and express our thankfulness more 
Love at first sight! Welcome Jon Meade Huntsman IV 
Really nice one about 
BREAKING → The House just voted 356–70 to give our troops a well-deserved pay raise—their largest increase in 8 yrs. 
Wow!!! A superb performance by one of LAPD's finest in the singing of the National Anthem at game 6 of the World Series.  Beautifully done
Proud of our performance tonight. Big displays all over the pitch. A good point and looking forward to playing them at Wembley. 
wow, well done you marieke, srsly :-)
You have to admire his courage and love for the Michigan Wolverines 
Jump on these deals at Pro Wrestling Tees. Go Greek & while there check out "Brisco Booster" for a piece of history & "I'm a Les Thatcher Guy" cause I'm a Papadan guy! 
Along with those great Lance Storm Tee's you can get "Brisco Booster" and "I'm a Les Thatcher Guy" Tees as well. Jump on this sale!
I remember this card in part because as a kid I watched the Stanlee brothers & on this show I wrestled Steve for the 1st & only time. Great memories!
What a great event the NXT War Games was last night top to bottom. Hats off to the Coaches, talent, & everyone that added their touch!
The most I can add to this 
Glad to see my old friend 
More footage from "The Good Old Days" much fun & great memories
Loved working with Bob as he always had his act together, and could handle anything thrown his way. Much love & respect for him!
Can't follow the Bullet, as at 78 he's just getting started. Much love & respect for my old friend! 
Wow!!! Congratulations 
tremendous listen, Powerful 
Thanks Kenny I appreciate it 
Just got this deal for Edinburgh Dungeon 
Great to have you and your guests with us today Derek. 
Brilliant to see the wonderful 
Congratulation to club member Kevin McKeown who had 4 two's in the Sunday competition yesterday. Let try for 5 this weekend. 
Course open and ready to play 
69 (-4) in final round to finish 13th in the tour championship. Thank you 
Congrats to Regt team completing 12 days walking 320km across Scotland incl 2 highest UK peaks in the UK- amazing AT up here! Well done 
Test day for 3 applicants today including
We are putting together our Jan/Feb magazine 
The crowds are starting to disperse as people head home from 
Great event today with 
Great opportunity to become part of a movement to make our town more Dementia friendly 
 Grand Slam of darts  
 Grand Slam of Darts Final signed matchboard by 
10 individuals will receive a pair of tickets to an event of their choice from Lakeside, Oldham, Portsmouth, Bristol or Brighton 
Thanks guys, yes see you there 
Photo of the day & final tweet of the night, until tomorrow 
I am there Tuesday with 
Always good events in South Wales 
Looking forward to this event 
2pm Saturday, practising going well tonight 
What incredible service. All delivered within 24hours of order and no special delivery paid. Great work. The darts are great too 
So close to a Nuke..game ended #21-0 
We're pretty excited too! He'll also be giving a free talk next Saturday, as part of our Design & Empire weekend 
Another Lot launched! Feed the cheetahs at 
Check out our CEO Wanda in 
Check to see if you qualify, and if you do, apply. 
Thanks for being part of a great weekend of hockey. Good luck. 
This is sooooo aawwwweeessssoooommmeeeee
My first attendance to a high school football game
Blood arranged Case closed !!! Thank you 
That's all from the gaffer 
Here are the answers! The winners will be announced tomorrow 
Have a good weekend all 
 We have loved having 
No problem am well thank you in India at the moment working for Chennaiyin fc as assistant coach to John Gregory in the Hero Indian Super League and embracing every day 
Lads embrace and give 100% you are representing a fantastic City be proud of putting on the shirt Good Luck , from an Ex captain of the Team I no how it feels 
Cheers Brian Top man 
All the best to the Dale Today 
Good luck to Town Today 
Fantastic news young en 
Well done Big Man goal as well 
We’re supporting the 
We have good news on 
This remix is dope chords and throwback vibes and all around 
Very pleased with this team considering the injuries last Saturday. 
Enjoyed showing some of these at 1st tee experience at 
I love this too!! What an experience!!
Thanks for the picture 
Awesome Cup win ladies! 3-0 away win against Swindon for the NPTC Swans Ladies football Academy today! 
Well done Ladies! Excellent result 
"Thornhill refuses to be anything but the perfectly conceived and exquisitely executed story that it is" - fantastic feature review from 
Rare date night with the missus.  Looking forward to seeing 
Thanks to the executive members of 
Very much liking the look of that 
Busy Horace-ing some artwork up for Book number 3 
 caused damage overnight including this tree which fell on our substation in 
Keep on top of 
Not the most auspicious starts to the Norfolk Fishing For Schools open day. Unbowed, we carry on. As up do
Taking us all on a field trip...literally! Great session 
Pleasure to meet you Lauren - what great work you and your team have been doing! Hope the Hub meeting went well 
Grand setting for this afternoon’s 
Top Man Andy! Look forward to seeing you at some point during the season 
Goodluck to the entire team of 
Ha ha cheers David! I know I have you to stick up for me 
Good luck for tomo mister 
Good luck to everyone involved in this great charity record 
Ah, that's the weekend nearly over with for another week. We hope you enjoy the rest of your evening & we'll see you again from 8am. ^Shelley 
 thank you for appreciating. 
Support my top mate on 
The result was bad but thanks for the big support in Millwall yesterday 
I would totally do this if I were a student 
Thank you to PCSO Donna & PC Graeme for arrange a day of action 
As a result of complaints from followers regarding busses, today we trailed a new approach to 
Who I am riding for over the next 3 days!! 
0545 hours - Police Unity Ride 2017 here we go!
It's the night before the big ride. Special thanks to my colleagues in the MET for inviting me along.  Can't wait!! 
We've got two last minute tickets for 
We're gearing up for 
Coming down for a gig this week? To ensure your night is as fun as possible please take care of valuables, especially mobile phones. Thanks! 
So now we can boast having an audiologist of the year amongst our ranks!! Well deserved 
We've had a really good week and now just looking foward to tomorrow. Should be a special match. 
Good to seeJase the Ace smashing it yesterday. Not doing his IPL chances any harm 
Thank you for all your support I'll get back to you all in time 
Sage thoughts and some interesting data points 
Watch Rosengard v Chelsea live on Chelsea TV and 
A very proud Gooner!! 
Looking forward to it 
Cheers guys let’s do one next year too. 
Met the heavyweight king today 
Jack tried out the new changing places bathroom in 
Some spot on. It’s 
Funny stuff big man!
Thanks for having us! StreetGames' staff were delighted to attend. 
Looking 4ward to hearing from 
There you go Rebecca and all the very best. 
Good Morning Scotland...!! First thing on the list today follow the “The Big Man” 
Enjoy the game, Kamran! 
Looking for travel buddies? We have created a Facebook group to help you find new travel buddies you can share an apartment with. 
Delighted that we will be involved in the pilot scheme for 
A huge thank you to our supporters at Armadillo Self Storage (West Bar) for collecting lots of cardboard for our sleepers on Friday! 
Another fab review on 
Any fans of our Total Control Drop Foundation? Build your own coverage with just a drop or two! Photo by @pjcjeancoutu 
Come join us tomorrow 
I'll be up in Aberdeen at the fantastic 
More inspiring stuff from another local grassroots club. Well done guys
Wow just catching up with the weekends 
At Wrexham ready for Deadly Impacts presentation with @NWFARS legend Sharon Bouckley 
Just watched SoS Glasgow first ever 08 game v 
Glasgow 2008's first ever game v 
Massive game on Saturday for the boys 
Great to see the 
Sure to be a tremendous asset. Good luck Elliot 
Enormous best wishes to 
We travel to Perth in the 
Yo Mills...you’re represented here at 
Thank you very much!  
Thanks for all the messages, glad to have marked my 100th appearance for 
Great video, thank you 
Great performance from the lads today 
No worries Clive. Hope to see you at a few away games. Good luck with the move. 
You're welcome, hope you enjoyed the day 
Let's give some 
Thanks Roger and all 
Good Luck To Team Mates Past & Present For The Upcoming Season! Have A Good One 
These guys are really good... even too much
Delighted to have signed a professional contract for 
It's going 2 be a amazing show this year with these 2 lovely people 
Well done fellers! nobody dose it better 
Well it’s over then isn’t it! 
A fantastic away win for the ladies yesterday and a 25 yard screamer and first goal for Sophia Sands 
So great to hear Urmala from Sampad and Tas, curator for our People of Partition in 
Another successful non uniform day in the control room 
All packed up, pre-reads complete, ncalt done, online assessment passed just 6 days of hard graft starting tomorrow at Telford university hopefully passing my bronze commanders public order course 
The vast majority of bus journeys in the West Midlands are a safe and enjoyable experience, however, if you do experience problems text 83010 to my 
Really productive afternoon jointly with colleagues 
Brilliant work this week from local teams 
Get into marketing, they said. It'll be creative, they said. I just spent the last hour counting Argos gift vouchers 
At our D&I world cafe in Alum Rock. Excellent discussions and honesty 
Welcome Hayley. Great to see you out and about already, hopefully catch up soon 
More PBs from the afternoon session at Beckenham. Girls 50m breast - Jessica E 52.19, Josie 49.34, Isabelle F 45.50, Zoe E 43.29. Boys 50m free - Nicholas M 35.79, Jamie 31.95. 
Massive progress is continually taking place, so looking forward to Spring 2018. Good Management, teamwork and reliable support = success 
Wooler Trail Marathon - YouTube looks like a great route 
Los Angeles: come by 
Proud to be part of the 
Fun way to finish the day! Love your bots! 
Yay! Excited to see this, Daniel! Catch this tonight, folks! 
Excited to be reporting for the 
Maybe some wasting their money at posh should come down 
TICKETS: Fans can now buy tickets to our away trip to 
"Friends, tweeters, lend me your 
It wasn’t advertised bruh ... sending the day with one lucky person 
Coaching day at Silvermere today 
Which ever you like the look of most 
FACEBOOK HAS BEEN ANSWERED I did as many as I could Facebook 
Mozart vs Machine is on tonight in 
PRE-THEATRE PELICAN!? Ohhh go on. He's here all week! 
Priorities priorities. First on the agenda, 
Only 1place 2go on 
Day in the life of a 
Wow! Just wow! You’re a credit to yourself. Distance might be an issue, but if there’s a cinema with a half-decent movie on someplace, that problem may not be insurmountable. 
We’ve got the 
 for opening season with a win! Also shout out to 
New single "I Just Wanna Dance" from 
Check out some of our favourite videos from Assassin's Creed Origins that you've shared with us!  Keep them coming 
Start the week loving yourself 
Thank you! We need more like you! 
Very very nice interview dear 
What a great tour of the Slane Castle in Ireland. 
We just hit 10,000 followers! 
What a perfect end to an amazing week 
14 years showing you the very best of sport.Thanks for your role in our success 
 Thanks for the prints (and noticing my order error and sorting). Love them
A huge thanks to the 
Feel good food on the menu at 
It was lovely to see 
Really enjoyed our first pilot Deaf-led BSL tour 
My pleasure Simon! Appreciate you my man! You’ll find literally HUNDREDS OF HOURS of both 
Thanks to these two rock stars 
Proud that we a part of your very impressive collection Bruce
 .....this is for a great cause! 
Keep the msg going!!! Tapwe miyawasin (This is so great!) 
Read and take the stress out of your holiday beverage selection! 
Great to be involved in the kitchen refurb at 
First outing for the “new” rig today. Finding purpose for an under used piece of kit
So far South Africa's going great 
Delighted to be part of 
Sorry, no coffee brewing today in shop, we're CLOSED, staff shortage...fountains of the hot stuff will be flowing again tomorrow!
"Categories are rarely permanent, & most important work is done by people who don't easily fit in" 
Looking for a main sponsor. Brilliant package on offer including 30 mins playing time against the legends and table at the Q&A Dinner with a legend at your table 
Glad you enjoyed Liam no additives no preservatives just 
This was brilliant from 
Here is the whole clip of Rioli goal. Multiple efforts. 
Like=3 likes first 3???<<3:﹡ — 
Thanks for all those retweets, ye’re class! Okay, time for the draw. Good luck. 
 Artic Slate fitted on the 45 with Graphite Grout strip. Boarder with Graphite and Ice Tramline. Installed with 
Getting ready to fly out to Belfast,New Panto adventure awaits 
100 up for the season! Warlike Intent wins well at 
Short on time? 
Hard to miss our recent work over at Blundells Corner... Thanks again for having us 
Don't forget to follow 
Our National Sales Manager 
The real ESSENTIAL from GLOW-WORM 
A massive thank you to Deb 
On a more positive note. I've received this cool inflatable hammer from 
Don't forget! The 
Last chance for Father's Day Discount at Humble House Foods!  Like 
This Memorial Weekend, Humble House is offering 10% off any retail purchase when you like 
Searching for the perfect fall transition piece? Try an embroidered jacket 
Only a few more places left email seanpic@aol.com to secure yours today! Not to be missed. Thanks 
Hey! Please take 5 minutes to answer this survey about how archaeologists can do more to engage with the public 
Year 8 cathedral chorister Ben: “singing makes me feel brave” - me too, Ben! 
CAM for life Chef! 
And the winner is... team 
And sponsors of the 
This is the current story 
Sir Derek has announced there will be no more Last Tango in Halifax. It was a real pleasure to be part of it. Thanks to 
Well done to Yr13 
Congratulations and well done Connor 
Been a while since my last release, but finally some new music coming very soon 
We will be open from 3pm this afternoon. See you later 
Absolutely love it, great visualisation of resistance trends across Europe, 
 showed that using intravenous tranexamic acid in cases of 
We'll also be sharing key insights on 
*LISTEN AGAIN* Neil has a great chat with 
NEW VIDEO:- Watch & Download "Tjan – Omo Yi" @ 
NEW VIDEO ALERT on 
GREAT!.. we must back this with ENFORCEMENT, otherwise Nigerians will not take it seriously....Good news and congrats 
I spoke with him tonight and we agreed that fingering WHILE headbanging is perfectly acceptable 
Everyone in Chicago who knows anything about music should go. I’ll see you when you’re ever in Portland, OR 
I didn't really come up with a big hashtag campaign since it's not his style, but I think this week/weekend we should all use 
The Busch Camo Car is here to take on Talladega this weekend. Thanks 
Good luck in your new job Jam. Go smash it. Will be tuned in here at 4pm. Looking forward to 
Great to see Donks on his way back 
We have gained 20k followers in the month of December on Instagram! Thank you for watching and please keep updating with us 
LIKE if you're seeing 
Today marks the start of our next fab 25% off deal to get you ready for Christmas! We have 25% off all New Zealand Sauvignon Blanc! (T&Cs apply) 
Great blog. “Tribal” 
Catch our Takeover from 
Any textile manufacturers who cut fabric in high volumes should seriously consider bringing Pathfinder Cutting Technology machines into their factories... these high-quality automated cutting machines will maximise productivity in your workplace! Contact us for more details 
Thx for loyalty to 
That's a picture ! 
 line customers taking the replacement buses... do we have a treat for you! 
Congratulations Blake! Great to see the NRC helping to prepare our Wallabies 
Plus you found time to go on the airwaves in support of our orchestras! Fair play! 
Results? Great opportunity to try 
An amazing and unique auction prize! Thanks 
Well done 'Rafting Ray' for raising over $20,000 so far. Ray will start his 240km journey in just under a week..
Could not agree more! 
Our experts have previewed 
A final wee picture before we call it a night...  one last “Congratulations” to all our 
Have a great meeting. 
Fuck Channel 9, Listen Online.A slogan we can all agree on. 
Excellent umpiring from these girls tonight at the primary netball tournament 
I bring the products and education......you bring the discipline.....then together we will reach your goals
Fantastic thank you event 
great event and very well organised 
I’ll second that 
Love this philosophy. Excited to watch the evolution of 
Love bringing my students with me to present!  These kids worked hard and nailed their part. 
Thrilled to meet some of our team in Avenue House talking about Sexual Health and Contraception 
Awesome to deliver today’s Foundation EM teaching 
If you're here for 
Would you like to see a 
We are working to prevent diabetes and improve metabolic health in our state and beyond 
Budding engineers in PE. Building hula hoop CASTLES and teamwork
Great hosting these guys today! 
Twitter Giveaway #1: Brand new Google Home Mini! Follow 
WOW! Congrats on an incredible job 
Watched a very funny movie. The Little Hours. One of those gem movies that you stumble upon. Great cast 
Nice to see you in the Capella Tower Commons today, Keith Ellison. 
Thanks for having me . 
Great day , thanks to all involved 
Hahaha. Care in the community done for the week 
you are a man with a big heart you are a good person
The result was bad but thanks for the big support in Millwall yesterday 
Scrappy game, but a good win. Well done 
Cyber Smart Week is a great chance to check your internet safety and increase your knowledge 
Wooohoo we didn't play with my team for a while ! First game in a while  
Streaming some saturday chill rank-s 
Ggwp looking forward to play against them tomorrow in grand finals 
A must see for any touring Lions fan! Thanks Waikato for having us and to 
The only streamer with less hair than me 
Thanks for all the support in my random makings, follower #200 
Can't wait to have lunch with 
Looking forward to getting social 
Calling all Singing Hands Fans! 
You've done Dundee proud 
 such a great speech @ 
What's your favourite 
Thank you to Bowden Hall for the amazing room tonight. 
Eventually succumbed to popping over the water for the Morpeth Hawfinches. Pleased I did, great views of 2 of them. Thanks to 
The weather might be bad outside but our HVP Operators Course is still in full swing 
That’s the 
Can you help.... 
So 5.1 has now got 3 new HVP operators assessments went well GR8 students all week and it paid off for them today 
Stay safe out there over the weekend... 
Fantastic video from Kent fire and Rescue with the same important message... Test your Alarms 
Great to see some of our 
Lots of good news in 
A great pub has just raised the stakes further. Ashes, Champions League and top quality craft beer. What is not to like! 
Not long to go now. Come down and see us and support your local community. Any help will be massively appreciated 
Hats off (or best on now!) to psychology tutor, Joe Petrykowski, who has today braved the shave to raise funds for Children in Need! Everyone at Trafford College is very proud of you 
We enjoyed creating, producing & event managing @strandshopping 
We popped into the fab Maesglas 
A huge thank you to Simon & Jeremy from 
- besides that time yts thought yt farmers' lives where worth preventing kids getting to their exams while also disregarding the thousands-more dying all around them in gang-ridden communities where schools & learners are expected to perform equally but ok 
 Archie won the Carmarthen round of the Welsh junior tour today. 
 Archie will be representing the club in the Welsh junior tour in Carmarthen on Sunday. Wish him luck. 
Good Feud Guide Sports vs 
Delighted to see a number of the team volunteering today to be part of community effort with 
Great fun and camaraderie at Cardiff Chiefs training, new players of all abililties welcome Sunday 1-3 
Post training pie & squash with Cardiff Chiefs 
WE ARE ABSOLUTELY BUZZING TO ANNOUNCE SOLARDO SESSIONS 2018!We're giving away 4 guestlist spaces for each city. To win, retweet and reply with your city!Tickets on sale Monday, 10am GMT - all info at 
And yes we are looking forward to sponsoring again next year 
Congratulations to all. Great to see a successful, confident and growing 
Thanks for the mention 
The Vallance disability social club is great when the weather outside is cold
Even when weather cold outside we enjoy the indoor facility’s at Mile End for the Monday morning Disability sports session courtesy of Tower Hamlets Sports Development 
Well done to Vallance FC Disability team on finishing Runners up today.Played 4, lost 1, won 3. 
Once again thank you to the FA and Kevin Coleman 
This week we are announcing the birth of a New Team which willl join the 10 we already have
Final briefing before we kick off 
MPT student Council collects food and Turkeys for the St James Food Pantry!  Thank you Mrs Woerner for your continued support! 
Another great day in 
We’ll second that! 
Congratulations to our Autism Puzzle Contest winners!! 
Thank you everyone for reading and following along today. 
Must see storify about 
Music can boost confidence like you wouldn't believe! Great work 
Agree it was a fantastic day listing to so much great work and projects 
Loved your presentation and well done on getting through all those slides on time 
Fabulous to see this much needed anti-bullying guidance launched today 
We are always more than happy to talk cheese and even more so, to get our lovely customers tasting! No rush.... No pressure.... Just Taste! 
And you did!! 
Massive apologises 4 the 30 minute queues 2day guys! We really appreciate the patience. Honestly did not forecast the enormous influx of customers at all. Efficiency will be improved 4 next weekend with more staff, more banter & a whole lot more cheese 2 keep u guys stocked up 
Yeeha! ! I got me some of them there pies!! from 
Back home and back cooking! BBQ102/17: Sausage Rolls - New blog post now up: 
Make sure you set a reminder for the third episode of 
Can't wait! 
Cricket: Australia’s favourite sport, and a sport for all Australians 
Most enjoyable show on Sunday well done RUK
Practice round with legends @valderramamasters 
It’s actually excellent regulation. Well done to the BHA for putting punters first
Magnificent to see Faugheen is back
Don’t you worry, Klaus. With Channing on the show I doubt I’ll be saying more than around 18 words. Enjoy the rugby league 
Conceded 7 (seven) fewer than Saturday 
All the best Rusty in what is the start of your final chapter of your tennis playing career,great ride with so many moments that thrilled
Exercise is great for your overall health 
Cheers Rowan (& sorry for the tardy RT) 
We don't usually share stuff like this. But it's a good story by TFC's 90s pr at Geffen AND it's in cartoon form. Full story in the link >>
Harry Potter world in 
Aw! We’re glad to help 
Scotland introduce plans to give shoppers cashback for their plastic bottles 
"Decision-makers are rarely interested solely in whether an intervention works or not, but also want to know why it works or doesn't, and under what conditions." 
The Math Dept defines BLUE DEVIL Pride 
Get to know the new guy E.J. Gaines on 
Thanks for sharing, Inga! This is a great insider's perspective of our rebrand. 
Thanks kindly Brian, glad you enjoyed! 
Glad we were able to help feed some families for this upcoming thanksgiving! 
Look who came to Kardinia Park to celebrate tickets going on sale for the BBL Double Header!Get your tickets now
Best of luck boys! 
 only 275 left to translate 
Good vibes at backstage 
Very informative day for the Auckland/Northland Snr Business Bkg Mgrs to better serve our customers. Coaching, BD, resilience etc. 
Using language for empowerment and to help make a fairer world = 
Apparently, the first underground tunnel will open in a year! No more traffic? 
Wayne providing excellent product knowledge.  Thank you for the demonstration.
Now that’s the 
Had terrific meet with Dan from 
Last tweet for the night, unfortunately seen a good pal off mine make a bad decision today which has ended up with him spending what looks like a few months at her majesty's service starting from today.  Chin up old pal, karma will get the fuckers in the end 
Decent players and amazing group of lads
£700 raised today from these golfers/friends for my son charity, Ronald McDonald housing.  Cheers boys 
Great Excitement around TURKEYs for all HD Associates Today!! Love me some Depot
Ground number 94 for me tonight. Coronation Park for 
Game this Sunday has been postponed so it’s a team outing for Sunday lunch 
A big thank you from KUFC Girls to the KUFC Committee for a great fireworks evening 
 | "Shola and Steady were unbelievable today."
Amble East End Juniors are pleased to support 
 Thumbs up from Craven Wanderers under 8’s 
What a lovely way to announce Chris Coleman's appointment by 
A great night ,thank you 
Thanks to everyone for all the goodwill messages regarding my retiremant, greatly appreciated 
 Kieron is buzzing with his 
What a fantastic start tonight to our FREE girls football open to all continuing every Tuesday 
FREE GIRLS FOOTBALL STARTS TOMORROW! Please Retweet
  yellows u11’s showing support for 
The awesome and inspiring 
Great to have you on board the 
 have a top day down west with 
Many congrats and delighted with a highly commended for 
Drawboard PDF is an app I can wholeheartedly recommend to anyone who needs to mark up PDF files with a pen. Great experience. 
Team Kit 2018 - Team and kit looking good 
Gr8Pic: When Gary Player met Elvis 
Mike's Mic & Brother Hal
Time to start another race season 
Great day on the course 
A timely paper. Thank you 
AWESOME!! WELL DONE! 
Well race day tomorrow, unfortunately held on qualifying laps but team working hard and improving the bike all the time see what happens in warmup looking forward to the race
About 4 hours late but been grafting
Looks like lots of you are excited to see 
2018 Calendars ready and available to order now 
Signed jonathan rea cap 3 times world champion 
Anthony Joshua tickets up for grabs. Shout me if interested 
Just picked up our 
Well done Alan, great recognition for all the wonderful work you do with the young people! 
Hey guys, please head over to my FaceBook page and give it a like 
I love this too!! What an experience!!
Taking Spark 6.0 (design updates + Bootstrap 4) for a spin this morning. Looking good. 
Big well done to 
1 more day to go 
Adding to an already great instructor line-up at 
I have written a Medium post that is scheduled to be published automatically after my talk with lots of juicy details. 
Top athletes, great weather & an awesome spot - we couldn't have asked for more. Thanks Freeletics Lille for your energy and team spirit. 
Honestly, for amazing food and wine go to this place! 
Great venue for our meeting today talking 
Interesting night! Defeated but victorious in every way! Almost £7k raised personally for 
Spots already selling fast - sign up quickly if you want to come along 
Sign up for the ride is here. Any questions about bikes or level just shoot us a message - 
Let's get the MCU there and meet you at the end point?
Good one! Thanks. 
Please take extra care when cycling or driving through Victoria Embankment. Security barriers have been put in place narrowing the lanes. Not sure if these are temporary or how long they will be in place. Either way please take care 
Well done Beth. You did a great job staying in there and hanging on to the jersey. 
Great day of racing yesterday 
Always have to be careful when tempting fate with the puncture fairy but this is good going and appreciate the feedback 
Always great to get an accolade for one of our more interesting tyres. 
Grab your phone, warm up your texting finger & get ready to 
Here’s a pro tip™ if you need to cook the chicken longer but don’t want to burn the outside marks 
 for our Sheffield Weekender supporters: 
Great solid results for 
We had a hiccup during sever maintenance last night that caused some old account notification emails to be resent. Apologies for the inbox spam!  If you received a password reset email, or an email from an issue that had already been solved, please disregard. 
Very proud of our former PhD student & now Doctor 
After 40 years service this 
Thanks to everyone who came to see us on our stand at the 
Well done for reaching Toro young student finalist 
good work lads. Some going that 
Sophie learned to sing True Colours in Sign Language & taught her friend Abbie!  
Volunteer Toby modelling the 
The boys ... .... ... 
The Welsh TT returns to Eppynt Circuit in August 2018 after a gap of 65 years! Well done to all concerned in making this happen! 
With av temp this week likely to be 38°C. Some v important info for players on fuel, hydration and recovery for this week. 
B Bty RHA,  28/143 Bty RA and KTRHA put on a real spectacle 
[N]Learned to play BaseballHighlights2045 
 is always great fun when it hits the table 
Countdown to the last days of the current ‘Origins’ menu 
Damn Daniel... Daniel pops by for lunch & smashes the 
I’ve worked VERY hard to get to the position I’ve got in this business! NOTHING was given! EVERYTHING was earned! That’s all I have to say 
2-2Steve Smith/BairstowStarc if he plays all 5. Stoneman.Stokes plays 3rd Test 
Chris and I really enjoyed filming this special feature at Golden Gloves Gym in Liverpool check it out 
Brilliant stuff well done 
Great to meet you too mate 
Always great interviewing Benni, and Matty Hall back on the camera 
Thanks guys, really appreciate it 
Thank you to the Hambo foundation and everyone else helping out today at the game. It means a lot. 
Huge thanks to Tim and all 
39 followers away from 2000 - hope to get there this week - any RT help greatly appreciated 
Anyone who is interested in getting involved in Steven's testimonial year in 2018 please get in touch 
Great performance by whole squad, great win , well done boys 
"I'm not afraid to admit that I cried a few times."
Some good rounds this with week with WBA World champion 
Thank you to Mrs Williams and the staff of 
 That's the link subscribe now the Tyson episode be up next Monday we doing it Thursday
I need a teleportation device to take me Memphis, Tennessee on every Saturday to watch this show! Can anyone build one?  Don't worry I'll trust ya! 
Our engineer Andrew picking up his new van. Long standing engineers 
Take it easy Nige. That bottle looks heavy! 
This is awesome! Need to 3D print a prototype product for your business? Get in contact with the 
Who said bags aren't for Life?? This customers bag is 40yrs old and still going strong. Coop quality 
Excellent campaign and social evening in Ystrad Mynach with our Labour Council Candidates. Great spirit and up for the battle. 
Hope all today's visitors have a fantastic 
We're here today 
It's our fabulous Pitman Magazine cover star Becky! 
A positive culture is vital, choosing the right guardian 
Brilliant idea getting pupils to educate parents. Well done Year 6. 
Stars of the week 
Stars of the term 
Peter O'Dowd football comp at St.William of York L23 9XH. Starts at 1.15 finish 3.30. Parents are welcome pls park in church opposite. 
Always nice to see your work online
Thumbs up if you enjoyed the win last night! 
Thanks a lot for your words 
Thanks Roachy, was a pleasure to play with you mate 
Really Appreciate your words Nigel 
For €17.50 you can pay for 
Great day!!! Great to see a lot of people check their 
Drinks in Soho after work?Join us 
Hey guys,meet us today (20/11) 
Great piece on keeper 
Really- Watch this - it’s quality 
 working on Sunday? 
Great job done by 
A run of richly deserved accolades 
Day 2 of Robotic lists in Theatres 
Looking forward to a great event QMUPhysio CSPScot thecsp GussieGrips 
Our social media page has loads of links to explore, including tips for academic tweeting, academics to follow, tools to use and how to do an academic blog 
 Literally cried watching this video and later came to know abt 
Australia’s only locally made points machine. Used by every heavy haul 
PhillyCheeze Rock and Blues Reviews #303: Samantha Fish - Belle of the WestRecorded @ Zebra Ranch Studio, Fish reunites with producer 
Thanks... Lots of legends in that photo... 
Schedule for Monday, November 20th... 
New dice tray designs in the works 
We also highly recommend the Triple Feature anthology. 
Look at this! You can now bring comments over when you copy a document in 
Want to make your application stand out? Tune in to our Facebook Live stream at 4:30 CST for some key tips from our admissions counselors! 
I was on this flight yesterday. Great job Air NZ crew. They went about the rest of flight like it was any other 
. Keep it going! 
15 days until 8pm sunsets!25 until Figawi! 51 until summer!64 until July 4th!
If you haven't, check out Alt-Tech (free speech) services such as:
Pro tip: Take a power nap before watching the game 
5 snacks you should always have on hand if you’re trying to lose weight 
An R modeling language for convex optimization problems 
What the h*ll is 
...and the current selection is bangin - link in bio 
I am honored to join this panel , thanks 
So very true Helene - well said 
Helene, thank you very for this insightful infographic
Congrats Juwan, Charles , Andrew & team ! Awesome 
The 3rd winner at the 
The 2nd winner at the 
Cool! mine newsfeed data and extract interactive insights in 
Cross-border journalism at it‘s best! 
Hillary has blamed everybody,  but the Pope, for loosing? BO is in trouble as she will turn on him to save herself! She will throw him so far under the bus, that she is hoping she will be forgotten!She better hurry because Democrats will do the same to her
The 2 essentials to living a happy and healthy lifestyle 
You can now donate new (unwrapped) baby and children’s books at Highfield and Ecclesall libraries until 8th December and they will be distributed as Christmas presents via 
2 more added to the collection 
I’ll be back up to the 
 please retweet guys. I’m going the shop tomorrow with my wife. We can buy a Mclair each for anyone that would want one. Will send special delivery for the next day, to give people a chance that can’t get down 
is there a @GlosYIMBY? Maybe I'll start one? 
Good luck to everyone who has their 
I loved the photoshoot for "Conscious". Check out the booklet art 
All the hard work has paid off 
Don't let frozen steak stop you from a delicious dinner! You can thaw 
How to Grill a Flat Iron Steak: 
So excited about this 
See you later at 
Seeing a lot of comments today about the 
Matt is still at his post 
Thank you to our bank staff for working alongside substantive staff to handle the demands in A&E's 
Officer Reid Spitaels presented the George A. Cooper Award by Camp Eberhart Alumni Assn. for saving a 5yo from the St. Joe River in June. 
Serving ‘til 10pm 
Using Object.keys instead of for..in is a good performance advice by 
 we have come to Canary Wharf station this morning to reassure you and spread the servator message, come speak to us, say hello and don’t be alarmed there nothing to worry about we are here to keep you safe
Hats off to you, stunning 
Startups: We help you improve your press release & provide you with a customized list of 50+ journalists who might be interested to write about you. This way you’ll get press coverage at a fraction of the cost of typical PR agencies! 
EU-Startups reaches over 80,000 European 
Setting up a new website for your business? Try the 
Post a free job ad on our job board now and we might mention your startup in our 'Jobs of the Week' article in 3 hours. 
Overview of the 10 best 
A reet good splash of 
Here he is... our amazing Group Development Food Director 
Now taking your Christmas orders!Shop at Dales for locally farmed and fully traceable meat you can trust 
Well done to all those involved in this successful 
 congratulations on winning the Bary Clout Award for volunteering in helping lead with Garry and team of volunteers the running of the weekly 
Delighted to meet my wonderful constituent Pamela from Rainham who has raised over £25,000 for Charity Breast Cancer Care and support.  Thank you for all your amazing work. Proud of all you do. Thank you. 
Delighted as always to visit excellent local 
Just recieved this picture from our brilliant photographer and volunteer at park run Tony C. Great to be part of the amazing volunteering team at this mornings 
Fantastic evening tonight at Medway Business Awards. GR8 to see so many business from Gillingham and Rainham do so well: Avocet Recruiting,Beeline Sameday, Howard Academy Trust.  Evening presented brilliantly as ever by 
Just arrived at MEMS Priestfield Home of  
A wonderful visit as always to Rainham Mark Grammar school my old school for a short period to meet students & see a fantastic school Assembkey led by the amazing 
Final Under-19 Country & Metro squads for the National Champs are in! Congrats to all selected & good luck 
Well done to you both 
Congratulations to you Luke 
Enjoy your retirement big man, a new era and a new chapter awaits you, it’s not the end it’s the beginning. A pleasure to play against and work with 
 Just opened another delicious bottle of wine from our collection! Tony knows his wine 
Barnes is very lucky to have 
it's so much fun! Thank you! 
Great to welcome The Irish Deaf Society to Shoda for breakfast this morning!! 
There is always something special about Saturday mornings at Shoda!! 
For this week our follow Friday is for our sister venues! Go and check them out 
Crucial advise for parents when buying your child a hurl. Length, weight & feel are so important. The ‘right’ hurl is key 
Official opening of new sports facilities at Harvey Grammar School 
Hat-trick for Ash if I'm reading the updates correctly 
What amazing couples. Where have we lost our way?! A generation we can learn a lot from. Look back to go forward. Well done 
London, off to this tonight. Let's have beers 
Incoming... Butlins crew get ready 
[Sexual Harassment on Capitol Hill] "When we talk about the Swamp, this is part of it." 
HIGHLIGHTS from a big Senior Day win for the Rams 
Congrats! so glad 
146 Lovable AppExchange Apps at 
Cricket: Australia’s favourite sport, and a sport for all Australians 
The new guy has arrived! 
 Great way to spend a Sunday afternoon, reading 
We've had a really good week and now just looking foward to tomorrow. Should be a special match. 
Well done to the 
No worries mate! 
Oh yeah, even our fans are winning awards! The guy who "borrowed" Puig's HR ball and threw it back won the Esurance MLB Award for Best Fan Catch. 
First item in my inbox this morning was this. Today will be a good day 
Nice trio of tipples from 
CUT GLASS KINGS - SHADOW OF YOUR LOVE 
Maybe some wasting their money at posh should come down 
Superb performance from the squad today well played boys 
Thanks for having us! StreetGames' staff were delighted to attend. 
And the winner is... team 
Cheers Craig - hope all's well with you
We've still got hosts lined up for 
Noel sounding fresher, newer, different, better 
Make bone marrow gravy and turn roast beef up to 11 
We love this from 
Get near your wireless and listen to past 
I've said it before, but I'll say it again! Don't Say It Bring It truly is the Best Thing on Tv right now!! Bar None! 
Traveling? Our economy  parking garage is 4 nights for $40. AND you get a sneak peek at the SkyConnect. 
Get.  Your.  Podcast. On. With 
 Episode 20(!) tmrw with top actor and top human 
....(2/2)....the fact 
Thursday, yeah?  
*fully. NOT "illy". What's "illy"?  
We always like ideas for future 
Seems bending the rules for listening to 
Head to the Kawasaki Stand now for autographs with 
This Thursday is episode 20.  We're very excited to share it with you but as it's not too far from Xmas we thought we'd let you know about some VERY EXCITING plans we have for 2018.  SUBSCRIBE and you can hear it Thursday, yeah?  YEAH! 
Sunday lunch sorted?  Why not put your feet up and pop on any of our episodes 1-19?  Or maybe you fancy listening again before we hit the big EP20 on Thursday? Either way, enjoy your Sunday 
Two legends sit down and discuss family, having a winning mentality, the impact of the Creators Game and more. A must listen for everyone, not only lacrosse players! 
Thanks guys, yes see you there 
 Grand Slam of darts  
What a game of darts with MvG and Rob Cross..That is what our game is all about..Awesome
The ticket shop for the 2018 Euro Pro Tour is now open at  
Just Landed at Heathrow..Off now till Friday and then to the Grand Slam
2pm Saturday, practising going well tonight 
Pleased with last nights result, neither of us played brilliant, but always happy with a win.... back tonight 
Thanks guys, proud to wear your logo 
A big 'thank you' to 
'For 5th year running, all coaches applied from 
So proud of the achievements of the 
Five things to do at The O2 this summer from 
Updated these with argumentation and persuasion sheets. Tweaked summary too. Thanks to original creator. 
Active start to the 2017 
Well I only went & won a 
Final school on Ben’s tour for today is 
I’m sure there are some excellent 
Drag Flick Session before Kent Derby against Holcombe. Nice weather and top pitch
A fantastic 1-0 win against South Wales today by the 
Week 6 of the 
Beginner? Checkout Vemdalen in Sweden! It’s got dedicated beginner’s zones in each ski area.
The best parking space for 
Finally up to date with all the 
@QuotelineDirecti  just had some fantastic customer service from Rob Clark!! 
A Huge Thank you to all the players, parents & grandparents, coaches, volunteers, clubs, groundstaff, umpires & scorers for making 2017 
We are proud of you Ash! Well done 
Very happy to start supervising / co-supervising 3 new PhD studentsFollow their research journey 
2018 GMS contract inspirational and yes, aspirational, but surely the right direction of travel. I'm also loving Lanarkshire's focus on transforming primary care 
Many thanks everyone! 
Many many thanks to all involved in the Keswick to Barrow walk for this generous gift. 
This young fella had a find earlier this week. Great job 
Well done all! 
And breath - much needed relaxation thanks to 
Ooh good luck, hope you're going to show us the results! 
Just gearing up for our first winter outing in the van, thinking about asking Santa for some soup makers from 
Competition time, share this with a French speaking person who you think would like it for Xmas 
 Please RT, there will be lots of great offers for your lovely members!
Definite high trust & collaborative approach between 
Calling all members in Surrey! Get this in your diary, looks fantastic 
The team here at the Caravan and Motorhome Club have been working hard baking sweet treats this week for 
 media city are delighted to have partnered up with 
Had a cracking day catching up with people at the 
Good morning! Double tweet length means we can tell you about double Jim on Tuesdays 
That would be one pay per view experience I *would* support!! 
Another mini-thread worth reading! 
I’m in Champ 
First time I’ve done this job at half time in a while...1996 to be precise.  
Thanks Joy! Proud to be recognised! 
Great minds think alike .
We're really looking forward to having ex-Gas forward Dave Gilroy around to help out with events & to tap into his professional knowledge 
 Another (infrequent) random reminder for what it’s worth: this standard, average and indistinct member of the public fully supports our doctors and NHS - thank you for everything you do 
Good first day for 
Who fancies an early bird or twilight deal next week? 
Here is why absolutes and dogma are more dangerous than you think. BIG PICTURE clinical reasoning everything matters stop throwing good out with bad. Basic concept matter. Obvious is obvious, when nothing is obvious then the other stuff matters 
Excellent tips for new 
REMINDER - FSEM Journal Club in UCC this evening with Dr 
Calling doctors, physiotherapists, athletic trainers, sport scientists... Fantastic event coming up on 7th Dec. 
Such a great opportunity! 
Back from holiday now & getting ready for a new La Liga season. 1st visit to a barbers this century 
Is there such a thing as too much Tag? 
Another city bets on a big transpo vote ... & voters say 
Love this quote....for real. 
  Nomads L1s lose 0-4 away to Cam City 3, despite holding 0-0 until half time. MoM goes to Rachel Gooch for solid defensive work
, Nomads L1s lose 0-4 away to Cam City 3, despite holding 0-0 until half time. MoM goes to Rachel Gooch for solid defensive work
After match celebrations! What a fantastic effort guys!!! A fine 3-2 win against Spalding 
Today's the day! Good luck to all 4 Alford teams today. Remember to play hard and fair and respect the umpires decisions. 
Thanks to all the players who turned out for this summers mixed league. Also thanks to Paul for being manager and Hans for umpiring! 
Thank you for the follow 
It's just good to see Stifler working again 
TLC Supports and co operated with the SOS project for Children in Need on BBC 1 tonight. 
Thx for loyalty to 
That's a picture ! 
Good Morning Scotland...!! First thing on the list today follow the “The Big Man” 
"An exciting meeting with leaders of American businesses in Europe during 
Congrats Kaylee, on signing with Pitt State!  
HS STUCO at District Meetings today!  
Pretty sure that the Open Leadership Zone had the best signage at 
Congratulations to girls cross country runner Samhal Asfaw for advancing to the California State Championships. She races this Saturday at 10:35AM in Fresno. Good luck! 
We are in full force volunteer mode for our First and Ten Tuesday visit at the 
Replace ”employees” with ”people” and you have a good set of principles for dealing with consumer data as well.  
"How to convince a 
I’m not sorry for being “absent” from Twitter over the past few days...I’ve been enjoying this week with my family. I’ll catch back up with y’all next week 
Seeing all them smiley faces enjoying themselves on brid beach brightens up anyone's day. 
Very cool to run into 3 great lady competitors in our industry 
Had some bad games at the start but finished with a 3rd place in game 4. 
Oh hi guys.  You might want to book ahead for our November 
It's going 2 be a amazing show this year with these 2 lovely people 
Well done fellers! nobody dose it better 
Screening of short comedy film 'Smear' 
Well done to all those involved in this successful 
Elegant & beautiful....like Bryn’s beard! 
Thought some questionably prepared seafood (by myself) might be the end of me tonight....but so far so good 
In the run up to Christmas almost 200,000 Children will be relying on a food parcel to get a decent meal - 
Ready to join the  
Test your Ashes knowledge with this quiz! 
This week,  together with partners 
Hog Roast - Tomorrow from 1pm! Come hungry 
And a round of applause for 
Congrats to anybody who ran the Dublin marathon today yous are all legends 
Opening night tonight for our Annual Art Exhibition in aid of Anita's Orphanage Cambodia. Hope to see you at some stage 
Friday evening nibbles at the ready ! Paddy has had a busy morning prepping and hopes to see you after 6 this evening 
Wonderful to meet the extremely talented 
reminder that I'm DJing in Atlanta tonight at Little Trouble around 10! 
This was brilliant from 
Great to see so many players and coaches braving the weather at 
Good luck to all our teams in the 
Good luck to our last remaining side 
A big thanks to 
Just over two hours until U11’s end of season presentation...a few changes to proceedings this year...hope the boys like/enjoy it 
Sun 29th Oct fixtures: U7's away to 
Sat 28th Oct fixtures:U12's travel to 
Sun 22nd Oct fixtures:U8's welcome 
Now over 500 followers on Instagram and counting! 
Pitch inspection done at Crosfields Rec. The 
 crowd in Fenway Park today. 
All our 9 outfield players get the same time irregardless of opposition, sometimes to the detriment of the team. They start 2 out of 3 games - it's the only way in my eyes
All mod cons at Warrington! 
Hotflush in London this Saturday at 
You've all seen UEFA's Team of the Century ...But here's how we think it should have looked 
Yes Louis, just finalising these and will be announced very soon! 
Here are goals & highlights from last nights 
Guys love your vlogs, 
Alex, parts apprentice 2017 
Full episode is up now!  Follow the YouTube link! 
Don't forget to vote for 'Gentle Giant' as your favourite widebeam at Crick 
Dr Kevin Rowland MBE sharing his memories of school residentials, including 3 trips on a canal boat! 
The answer was D! That's what most of you selected! 
Hope all today's visitors have a fantastic 
Showcasing Glengoyne at this weekend's International Whisky Festival was Glengoyne's Global Brand Ambassador, Gordon Dundas and Dutch distributors 
We're here today 
Great event and initiative by 
We're liking your field catering style 
Looks like I'm off to see 
Well done to All the Incentive winners jetting off to Dubai this evening, have a brilliant time 
happy to be back at 
, we’ve been shortlisted as Moneyfacts ‘Credit Card Provider of the Year’. We'd be chuffed if you gave us a 
i've been training resnets on small images without augmentation. i get a validation loss of 24.6 on celeba downsampled 2x (109x89), but at 4x it's 25.2, and 6x (36x29) it's only 25.5. i'm surprised such low resolution still has decent performance. good for iterating quickly 
May the madness continue 
 .... you are the experience 
2 yrs ago a bloke painted my house for a few quid, today I'm painting it and watching him play in front of 20,000 people 
Gutted about the result but great to make my 
Thanks to @JonWilksMusic and 
Well done to all the Graduands at the 
A huge well done to the staff at 
Always a cool crowd in Bournemouth 
Long way down mate. Southampton 
Really happy to be teaming up with 
Well done sir, an MP with a connection to local people 
Hey guys,meet us today (20/11) 
Come down & Join 
Good to see this 
Happy birthday bro have a good one 
And thank you to everyone at 
Parks, subway, clubs + corners. Carrie Boretz's 
Sad to be leaving Australia on the eve of the Ashes. Hope you enjoy. Hopefully catch you in the New Year! 
Thank you, happy you like it and hope you had fun? Come back soon 
Glad you enjoyed it & TY for the kind words. Hope you'll come back soon 
Thanks so much for all your support 
We've got two last minute tickets for 
Not yet, imminent 
FREE parking after 3pm in all Denbighshire carparks from the 21st of November until New Years Eve...perfect for local Christmas shopping!
Congratulations to current World Rugby Women’s Player of the Year 
...my new home event!
Good luck today to 
#25 has taken the lead and is now P1.  
For the 2nd year running our tyre man Bruce is Dunlop tyreman on the year. Well done Bruce 
Amazing few weeks - I now have a 
Thanks to everyone who came out to the Clearwater Bay Open. It was a great atmosphere & we look forward to seeing everyone next year! 
Final Round is here and Tee Times and groupings are out! First group starts 8:24 am and lead group Tee off at 10:25 
A good day for golfers called Koepka 
This time 2 weeks ago!! Now I’m heading off for the 1st 
Despite the cold damp weather we are seeing now we are still seeing germination coming from the 
Great to see the new promo video for studying horticulture in Ireland 
I learned a lot about grass over the past 10 days in Ireland and Iceland but learned even more about good hospitality. What an experience. Come here any time and you will be looked after 
Good luck today, lads! In particular 
Well that’s a testament to both the machines and the operators. Brilliant. 
Seeing the Okavango Delta in Botswana from a 
We're the official yogurt of Irish Rugby, that means all players 
Details of Raheny Shamrock day on Saturday 14th October - also check out Irish Runner mag for profiles 
As part of 4th bday celebrations - you can now vote for performance, hero & parkrunner of the year.  Full details on the Facebook page 
Expectations tempered. There’s always tomorrow 
  joe would u give this a retweet for me , cheers mate 
I'm off to see 
This is amazing on so many levels! 
Crucial advise for parents when buying your child a hurl. Length, weight & feel are so important. The ‘right’ hurl is key 
 some of the castletownroche national school pupils who participated in the Cork City sports day this morning, well done to all
 best of luck today 
Congrats to Darragh and d Cork team 
Parliament is in session at 
Thank you to the superb human being at 
Well done Cian Keogh 
Thank YOU all for organising it. Great (if tough) route. Thanks to all the feed station guys
We're having a great afternoon with our student visitors, thanks 
Here’s the pre read for tonight’s special edition 
COMMUNITY | Community Food Initiatives North East received a 
I think we're all on the same train 
'We need locally relevant, innovative responses that consider the whole sanitation service chain.' Looks like 
A lot of cool new 
Absolutely fantastic achievement Tring well done 
Sounds like a perfect day off to us! 
I'll be at the bar after the last talk. Come & say hi 
Thanks for the great write-up of the day 
Signing in mandarin as well:-) great work Susanne 
Haven't you seen 
Love u London! Thanks for making tonight so special 
Great to be on this belter of a compilation on the legendary Glasgow Underground alongside 
Bryans begin with a win! 
Mountain biking this evening? If so, well done you as the weather’s improved and looks brill; chilly, dry, autumnal 
Great equipment guys! 
Two fantastic days with 
We love this Claire, another fabulous carving! 
Let the race begin!! Get this Tarmac laid 
The news is out 
Catching up on motorsport and finding out epic job by 
Busy busy for th 
Had some pretty epic weekends last couple years 
Our machine operator Jack Willshire received glowing praise for his expertise, precision and teamwork during one of our recent successful jobs for 
Along with my sponsors I have a great team behind me in 
Any top 10 Driving Game list had to include Mario Kart. It may not be realistic, but it sure is addictive 
We’ve made it this week! Hello everyone, we trust you are all well 
Thumbs up and smiles from these blokes. Thanks everyone for making the 
Of course would love to just ask Mikey 
Well done lads nice playing 
Need temporary vehicle insurance cover? Look no further than Dayinsure and be like Frank  
VOTE RIGHT NOW!Just post "
Tonight 8:45 CT - Vote for me in Best Whip by posting "
Just huge shout out to 
 I'm on my way from Ireland with Donagh Kelly's 6R4. See ya in 4 days
A little montage of 
Test fitting of the wings and bonnet
Middlesbrough coach and England international 
FBS today round 3 
What a way to finish off my x30 mini tour, had an amazing year with 
 tickets in the bag for rum festival 
So I really want to hit up some Duos + Squads with other YouTubers on Fortnite! 
Top tip - Watch others opening Supply Drops in HQ to get easy Armory Credits + Social Score 
That's what we like to hear 
We enjoyed seeing you both out there John, & there weren't many others with 2 buses of fans supporting them! Well done to all of you 
Difficult to put into words the emotions at the stop-line on Brenig. Was a very special day for so many people. Well done Guys 
Edinburgh Kiltwalkers! Please make sure you have your offline fundraising submitted to the Kiltwalk by tomorrow in order for your charity to receive a massive 40% boost. Thank you! 
First XC for Stocksfield Striders today at Cramlington. Good Luck 
Proud to be part of the 
Winner of our ticket giveaway, 
Top Radio 2 DJ on the drive home from 
 Vinnies provides free Hot Meals & drinks to those in Need every Tuesday 11-2, Newcastle pls RT help us to spread the word. 
That is my aim every single night! I must be doing something right! 
Big thanks to UTS gym who had a collection for my 32 marathons in 32 days 
Nice one Robbo lad 
 cheers for the RT Lee 
 This company have just given me superlative service when I had to have work done on a camera under guarantee, which I bought on line. I’d highly recommend them if you are considering buying any photographic equipment. 
It’s true and I can’t wait.
Brilliant! We're sure our staff will appreciate the time saved 
Today we give thanks for Falconer’s Flight 7C’s + thanks to 
Thanks for sharing the story 
Hope your students had a great visit to parliament today, 
They sound found fab, another visit may be on the cards! 
Can’t go wrong there
WOWSERS !!! Ya did a cracking job on the auction too 
3-3 and not the end of the world for 
Really impressed with this beer ! Lovely juice bomb, well balanced 
OL8-Oldham all set for their Official Launch this Saturday. 
Look forward to meeting & seeing you all tomorrow.!!!  
Our friends Joel & Harri from 
If anyone has any pics or vids from the festival that they'd be happy to share please post them up, we'd love to see them 
Completed my first half-marathon 
Having the best time at the 
Great to meet you today 
 huge thanks to all the staff that took the children to York.Will's verdict, 'it was amazing!!' 
One of our featured games on 
Thank you for your feedback! Will share with 
I m feeling so blessed right 2 b amongst so many great folks who hv been doing such grt work for community! 
All the good stuff, none of the bad stuff. Nature’s Promise Turkeys are vegetarian fed, with no antibiotics ever 
All change on the cask front with 
Find me (Pete) & the rest of my team on stand number 199 & 200 in the Exhibition Hall for the 
Nice little line up 
Great interview. Gotta luv Blake 
Tickets arrived for my fight 10th December! Great for a xmas night out £60 or £95 
Last spar of camp for David looking forward to getting to London on 
They look the business Wayne
we're on the cover & inside the new issue of 
We are going to show some of these sessions on the FA Level 1 course starting tomorrow 
Next league Game at home to 
any RT's would be incredible! Thank you 
20th August is the big one! 
Any club, Christmas and all that. Personalised for your requirements...tweet me and I’ll message you. Tidy 
Say hello to our brand new U7 Valiants & their coach Mathew Mundy. The lads progressed from our thriving Bexleyheath Saturday Club. 
After a winter break, planing your summer holiday or a cheeky weekend away then give 
Year 9 B team ESFA result vs Erith: 1-1 at the end of normal time, with a goal from Kempson, 1-1 AET and Hurstmere win 4-2 on penalties! 2 great saves from Doyle to take us into the next round! Well done to all who took part! 
Mozart vs Machine is on tonight in 
A nice tribute to your Grandad Gibbo - 
You’ll love this 
Now that’s what I call a 
She was gonna let her DOG decide whether or not she should keep dating the guy she's seeing...about to find out if it's a 
A selection of photos by 
Listened to Scott Mullins today 
Finally a Lions Thanksgiving game that matters! Go Vikes
 we have come to Canary Wharf station this morning to reassure you and spread the servator message, come speak to us, say hello and don’t be alarmed there nothing to worry about we are here to keep you safe
Motor adaptations and spinal pain.. it’s ok that people’s Motor responses are not all the same ..the evidence supports it !  So let’s just take a pt centred approach mx the drivers ..great lecture by 
Sexy cars. Long, flowing locks. A great video about an even better idea. This is the story of how 
Bring a ball. We can 1 v 1s for who pays for the beers.
Our MSK team study day 
Applying basic clinical reasoning to a narrative that included a previous surgery local to the site of symptoms.Quite the ‘gotcha’ moment. 
Outta Nowhere!New Physio Natters with 
Blink and you'll miss it... 31 patients now recruited to FLO-ELA, with increasing levels of out-of-hours recruitment 
Delighted to be taking part - Thrive in the City17 
It’s time to wish a sad goodbye to Mared Davies 
Great induction by Emmaclare 
Let's get the MCU there and meet you at the end point?
Good one! Thanks. 
Great venue for our meeting today talking 
Interesting night! Defeated but victorious in every way! Almost £7k raised personally for 
Did you know our packaging is 
Have you seen inside a new £15.5m special school? Pupils have given it the thumbs up! 
All 4 of us have landed in 
Spesial one ....
Our year 7's can't get enough of the chilling saga of Darren Shan! Cirque De Freak & The Vampires Assistant are particular favourites! 
Grappling technique from thursday.Thank you 
Remember, new commanders: keyboard shortcuts are your friends! 
 thank you to stop for a minute and talk to me. You are awesome, man! Thank you for coming to Brazil! 
We had a hiccup during sever maintenance last night that caused some old account notification emails to be resent. Apologies for the inbox spam!  If you received a password reset email, or an email from an issue that had already been solved, please disregard. 
Signing some cards and jerseys for the munchkins in Vernon. Oh yah, and I'm in some pretty solid company. 
Some good stuff here by the Grand Slams for 2019. 16 seeds throws the cat amongst the pigeons early. Love it. Reckon 50% is too low for on-site withdrawal (maybe 80%) but a great start. 25 sec shot clock 
Unfortunately I only get to spend the summers here. But the wife and pups get full time privileges
I wouldn’t call if burly, but count me in
Fishing in Milwaukee today, Lily managed to out-fish us all
Have a good day my g !  From me and my big sis aka your vegas braider 
Vote for the Teacher Help team video in a competition on the importance of research validated products and evidence based interventions! Project supported by 
Pork belly & scallop paired with 
Massive achievement for 2 players from d one club 
Here we go again ... 
Well done Spencer and, well done Telford Park school 
Was locked in for this 
Yh man its the right one
Massive slow clap to 
I've got a website! It's a work in progress,so get in touch if you've any comments: 
You have picked 2 terrific drivers a talented players.My last post was about the difference n players ability.Difference only U and I would notice.I personally don't agree w more turn, longer backswing =longer straighter drives 
Congrats to all for a terrific redesign. Thx to everyone 4 their patience a encouragement. Enjoy. Can't wait to get home a play 
Spike Island gets the thumbs up from TYs as Europe’s leading tourist attraction 
You know you're having a good 
Great stuff. So much for the kids -
Nothing better than fresh 
Thanks to everyone who came to our 
Very impressed with our venue for the day 
This morning Yr11 were thankful and showed kindness 
Taken lots of ideas from 
Well done Harpreet and Lesley! (And so many many more) 
Great job done by 
Enjoyed a great day at 
To celebrate the launch of the Dermot Earley Centre of Excellence we produced this video- have a look 
U14 football county champions for the 2nd time this year. Doing 
Behind the stills camera today for 
Have you used Instanda (
All those people planting trees because the were inspired & convinced by 2 girls 
Young people in Spain working on our future. 
Seen some of the finalists this morning at the hotel
3 in 4 international stakeholders perceive the 
"Hey kid, catch!" Good guy 
Good on ya, mate 
Brought a huge smile to my face. Good things happen to good people.  WTG guys 
So the Civic Cup is joining the 
Amazing work guys - well deserved nominations! Good luck 
Well deserved peeps! Congratulations! 
Find out how our Families on our Doorstep project has made a difference to resident Krystina's life 
Soldiers, our baby 
Looks like there will be some news tomorrow morning regarding which 
Wonderful description and report of great game of ladies football, 
So very true always be positive and forward thinking good things happen 
Every young/old footballer should watch this Brilliant 
Nice to get back and visit 
I bring the products and education......you bring the discipline.....then together we will reach your goals
We join the rest of the 
It was an excellent talk Mike, thanks for visiting us 
It’s tomorrow - 23rd Nov, 
So what do you do when you can’t go and see your favourite show 
1-2 to Crewe. 
This is BRILLIANT! So encouraging to see areas adopting an improvement approach built on constructive equal relationships with providers and the wider health and care system. 
Working and learning together is always a positive approach- great job 
The never ending task of keeping our Borough 
So much fun meeting you & Mina (?
Well done Robin & team 
ANOTHER action-packed night in the 
TICKETS: Fans can now buy tickets to our away trip to 
It’s FA Youth Cup matchday!
Thank you very much for having me. Really interesting to watch the guys and I enjoyed getting in the chair and taking it for a spin. 
Congratulations mate, buzzing for you. Enjoy yourself, you deserve it. 
FA Mod 3 Callum Brown excellent planning
Year 11 supporting our PJ and Onesie day in aid of “children of need”. All money raised will be sent to CAFOD. Well done everyone.
Well done to this year's shortlisted nominees for our Creativity Award! 
Just what your positive classroom community needs 
Last nite was fantastic 
Good idea!!!  
Year 1 played a lovely game of 'pass the kind words' today 
Our year 4 boys super socks 
Year 4 girls gorgeous odd socks 
Year 6 have some great odd socks. Well done 
There are millions of kind words in the world that you can say 
Kindness is like a gentle breeze, it spreads around this world. Year 6 
Great day today meeting loads of other businesses at 
Best of luck on your new adventure 
Still not got your 
If you're in 
Doing Well, Health Improvement collaboration with 
Has to be our 
Lovely to meet ye on Friday night. All the best with the new company 
Awwwww such an amazing time we had up in Sheffield!!!! 
Love it!!!! Thanks 
Thanks guys!!! 
When this kind Gentleman is identified we would like to give him a couple of free mini valets in Chinatown valet Centre. 
The Sainsbury's Christmas ad...check it out 
Good economic news in papers today ahead of Budget: BoE say pay is rising as unemployment falls, CBI survey shows strongest manufacturing orders for 30 yrs and export orders for 22yrs and firms “confident” growth will continue!
The media keep telling us that Brexit is bad but the facts keeping knocking them out of the park! 
This is how they finished up after putting shit on me. Don't piss off the big fella 
Thanks Webby for this little piece in 
2 scooters were recovered along with class A drugs with a street value of £££s. 
$6 Moonlight Spy looks tempting at Armidale. In form 
Send him back next year please 
Great to see the Coffeys get on the board 
Lovely but moody morning for a piece of work up 'Back of the Hill' 
Please work your way thru this petition, annoying but so worth it 
Well done to Brett oversowing track you deserve everything 
Best party night of the year 
Great atmosphere in the 
 he’s a good colt
GOAL for St Paul's CC V Ard Scoil in 
UPDATE: Springfield road is no longer blocked and all services are continuing as normal. 
UPDATE: Showell lane is now open and services are travelling through normally. 
Well done to our very own Steve Martin from 
Yep, the new Xcode 9 release makes life better for those using 
Been playing around with using 
Don't have to use Jasmine with Jest? 
This was SO fun. Thanks to 
Sometimes my floor tom shakes, but everything always SOUNDS legit 
2013 Smoke Monster....Need we say more?! Episode with 
TTP Episode 27 - Pumpkin Patch 
What a fantastic end to another good eve out 
Moo-Tella Chocolate Hazelnut Impu Milk Stout 
Up in the Big Smoke today.... beer time! First port of call 
 What a solid brew! On the second pint! 
Friday grocery-stop on the way to the country is 
Tackle your application to 
 Photography got me back from 3 full strokes and depression, I can send more Carol. Watson not Penny
Stuart's journey using 
Tonight, Carstar Canada announced the donation of a 2017 Mazda CX-5 to St. John Ambulance, allowing more First Aid, CPR and defibrillation coverage to those in our community. 
 Just watched you at Northallerton. Absolutely brilliant thank you 
Single crewed PC Dartnell saw a drug deal take place. Followed and caught the dealer in a local park. 50 deals of crack and heroin, plus cash recovered. One in custody. 
Last weekend's exhibition by children who attended 
Gotta love an embarrassing photo 
Thank you so much for the thoughtful write up 
Sir! By the way, session will now spread across Xmas and New year. Should have Santa Claus in parliament.. 
Glad you liked it! Thank you! 
Hey!I have updated my profile. PLUS check out my link to my new blog post 
Hello! 5 million times to you my friends
Hello teaser trending in 1st place. Advance Congrats to 
Be 37% more attractive! Ward off zombies! Prop open doors! All possible simply by owning the 
Here we go talented n my lovely bro dear 
Happy birthday to awesom person n one of my most favorite Dir 
Very very nice interview dear 
Cricket: Australia’s favourite sport, and a sport for all Australians 
Being in very cold place can b fun too 
A Versatile Actor...A True Superstar...Thank You 
Thank you Amit! I love the feel of Bengali songs too & enjoy singing them :) Hoping to keep you hooked to my 
A simple 5.30 to 6.30am ride in the suburbs..early mornings in Mumbai are a pure bliss for cyclists like me..can cover a lot of ground quickly n safely!
 song shoot has begun Today onwards..
All the very best Babai .. The hard work is evident .. Wishing u a huge success with this one 
Just saw first few episodes of 
Top 5 Superstars (Monthly) :-1.Salman Khan2.Akshay Kumar3.Ajay Devgn4.Aamir Khan-Varun Dhawan5.Shahrukh KhanBack to back 100cr's with honest attempts Akshay is on 2nd position-Record breaking 
This was not expected from a man of your caliber 
Business update :-
Thank you Meghna!
Thanks Emi! Sulu's getting a lot of love!
Very cool visual summary of a lecture I gave this week to MIT Exec Ed done by Kelvy Bird 
Yes exactly original music should be promoted 
The answer was D! That's what most of you selected! 
 media city are delighted to have partnered up with 
Very excited to have Michael on the team! Thanks for showing him a warm 
We gave them a shirt worn by an 
Enjoying a wonderful atmosphere at the 
3.75 inches tall and ready to brawl! Hit 
Grt coffee & guiness choc cake 
Delighted to be involved 
Today talked unique happening with 
So great to hear Urmala from Sampad and Tas, curator for our People of Partition in 
Update on new digital high street initiative for 
90k + followers if just a few 100 of you gave a couple of quid it would make a real difference. 
This is why I love London’s Black Cab drivers. Here they are lining up to give veterans a free lift home after 
Good Morning Scotland...!! First thing on the list today follow the “The Big Man” 
Big well done to 
Coming down for a gig this week? To ensure your night is as fun as possible please take care of valuables, especially mobile phones. Thanks! 
Unbelievable performance by the cast of 
 ,job done and were delighted with the effect of the tiles
Give that extra protection and seal your grout joints 
Amazing. It even has 
Well done pupils who turned out at the crack of dawn for their 
This one’s for all the breastfeeding mummies out there... this knit with built in shirt is a dream! Have tagged where you can get it 
We have good news on 
A good morning to see 
Last train of the purple timetable of 2017 
Great night last! Added to my collection..very humbling! 
 your understanding of the 
"Decision-makers are rarely interested solely in whether an intervention works or not, but also want to know why it works or doesn't, and under what conditions." 
Congrats to the winners 
On my way to 
Not surprised, great team great service and very charitable 
Listen to our buddies 
I’ve comfortably enjoyed 
Noel sounding fresher, newer, different, better 
Just remembered I have photoshop on my computer! 
A great rod that is guaranteed for life.... no questions asked!  You’ve got Dunamis and it’s owner watching your back, for life! A great feeling after a great investment! 
Oh joy! Season 4 of 
Accessible tech solutions ensure enterprises meet legislative requirements & improve overall 
You're very welcome mate. Any time 
First session done for 
Get down to the Sennocke Centre 
Signing some cards and jerseys for the munchkins in Vernon. Oh yah, and I'm in some pretty solid company. 
That was so much fun 
New members evening tonight. 7.30 Brad Hall, come along & find out more about YFC 
Customer Service Assistant required at Shearwell Data HQ in Wheddon Cross.Please share 
Stand looking great! Going to be a busy day for Carol & Liz at 
Congratulations Louise from all your fellow PPN members. Well deserved  
Congratulations to our faculty & staff receiving 2017 Distinguished Achievement Awards for their service to 
3000+ buildings, 250+ changesets and great team effort from UCC 
Two legends sit down and discuss family, having a winning mentality, the impact of the Creators Game and more. A must listen for everyone, not only lacrosse players! 
Done! Anyone who follows, I will follow back, asap 
This...YouTube is great to show off your skills still whether a full match or montage of clips 
Sorry for the lack of RTs recently everyone. I've been traveling and had no access to the account for a while. We're back on it now. 
Will be live tonight on ww2 bring sass 
Black Friday just has started on our Eshop! Grab a piece of unique ETS2 and ATS apparel with a 35% discount by using "SCSBLACKFRIDAY35" code! We've also added 16 new countries where we ship our merchandise! Check out if you find yours! 
 HERE -->> 
Best of luck mate with your future endeavours, Battlefield Hardline is one of my favourite shooters of all time, thnk you for your service 
This great fan of our work visited us at 
The ETS2 1.30 Update Open Beta is here! And it contains a lot of really interesting additions! 
Memory photo with a great fan from Russia at the 
Thanks for all the messages, glad to have marked my 100th appearance for 
Right place. Right time. Right man! 
Successful turkey distribution with Councilmember 
I've bombarded the brilliant Will Kinsler of Epic games w/ shit loads of ideas for Fortnite BR. You can thank me later when they're added. 
 This Sunday morning we say thank you to our 
Excited to get an ocean update where the manta rays are in the sky though 
Proud to be apart of this amazing stream team! Go check out everyone on here they are awesome sauce! 
Finished ‘It’ by 
Follow us here:
Stream will be a little delayed as I'm writing up the Facebook post now.I'll keep you all updated on twitter 
I got some new designs from the talented 
NA Regional Finals today. Let's go 
For the people giving me shit about interviewing Rosberg:I think a lot of people forget that a year ago I was just a guy trying to be funny with a small channel and no consequences.. back when I would’ve never dreamed getting access like I do nowThat’s all on the matter
So I really want to hit up some Duos + Squads with other YouTubers on Fortnite! 
Top tip - Watch others opening Supply Drops in HQ to get easy Armory Credits + Social Score 
After the networth indicator, another feature of our layerth ingame suite has made it's way into the game for everyone to enjoy 
We had a hiccup during sever maintenance last night that caused some old account notification emails to be resent. Apologies for the inbox spam!  If you received a password reset email, or an email from an issue that had already been solved, please disregard. 
Ready to charge across your screen, the noble OG Spirit Breaker by 
Ready for NXT TakeOver to be better than one of the big 4 WWE PPVs yet again. 
360º visibility, daylight running lights and smart brake lights - the all-new 
The word is out... thanks 
Great interview. Gotta luv Blake 
Sessions 'mini-guides' have arrived! Contact us for copies or to book a full sessions presentation at your place 
Thanks for sharing! Great to see a customers new 
"A Night of Symphonic Hip Hop" featuring 
Welcome to the neighbourhood guys 
Today - lunch for 60. Tomorrow - all of Bath! We open TOMORROW and we're ready for you... 
Thanks to everyone who shared in 
Best party night of the year 
On a dark, cold, windy winters eve, the 2nd planning meeting for Race Week 2018 has taken place. Next summer the racing will be even better than 2017!! 
Inspection of a recently repaired sink hole in Victoria Drive, Bognor Regis 
WIN a cinema ticket & snack/drink combo for up to 4 people each month for 3 months at Stockport’s new 
Best of luck to 
Looks like I'm off to see 
Listened to Scott Mullins today 
And I'm sure you're not the only ones... Who knows, perhaps 2018 will be your apple growing year! Fingers crossed by Spring you'll see little leaves poking up through the soil. Top marks for persevering though 
Amazing efforts! Thank you everyone involved 
At Wrexham ready for Deadly Impacts presentation with @NWFARS legend Sharon Bouckley 
Are you looking for the Perfect Gift for the triathlete who has everything?Why not give them a years Home Nation Membership where they can benefit from being insured while they train and receive exclusive discounts from our Partners 
We are proud to support Clean Sport and will be updating the Triathlon Community to any changes and updates! Head to our dedicated Clean Sport page to learn more 
Exciting afternoon of rugby for 
What a fantastic job by the Rushey Mead umpires at the Primary High 5 netball tournament! 
YES, YES & DAMN YES!! 
Get.  Your.  Podcast. On. With 
 Episode 20(!) tmrw with top actor and top human 
....(2/2)....the fact 
Thursday, yeah?  
*fully. NOT "illy". What's "illy"?  
We always like ideas for future 
Seems bending the rules for listening to 
Just completed 3 nights of fabulous theatre 
You’re very welcome. We hope the 
Are YOU a couple who can't agree on the 'big stuff'? You know... pizza or a curry? Dogs or cats? Jaffa Cake or Party Ring?Tweet 
 attendees my top two tips on social investment: it's another tool in your financial toolbox to create impact and checkout 
 sooo funny great line up this year 
Excellent words of encouragement from our good friends across the pond! 
The media keep telling us that Brexit is bad but the facts keeping knocking them out of the park! 
It's a hybrid 
Tasting Life w/  Pride. Yummy roast from 
Please meet our professional coaching staff! 
Congrats to Team 18Birdies Pro 
May we suggest you pass the time by listening to our latest pod with guest 
Use JFrog Artifactory (
Headphones, metal and writing docs 
The joy these bring to people is unprecedented. 
Have you checked out our Facebook page yet? Remember to click 
What a fun morning kicking-off the Youngstown YMCA Jr. Cavs season! Good luck! 
Leslie listens while working in the North Coast of Canada, in the Arctic — wow!!!
It'd be my honor to do so. Steve squared. 
 thank you for keeping this alive! Need to get the show on the road. 
But mostly this sad 
Never seen any dumbfuck get dragged so hard for a single Tweet. 
 Principle #10 - Try some TB12 Protein. You'll know every ingredient on the label. Seriously, it's THAT good and that simple. 
Fantastic! RT @ben_rogers003: 
Morning Al!! Have a Kick Ass day my friend!! I will be listening in as always to you in the afternoon!! 
Not only that but to have Eddie Spears fall on top of him I am sure was no fun either, amazing acting. 
Stan Wilson, the legend,Started in Winnipeg long long time ago...huge accomplishment 
HIGHLIGHTS from a big Senior Day win for the Rams 
A 1000!! That is 
Great visit of 200 MW 
Morning Glenn, Evening Rob 
When have u ever seen a band get to paint n sip in a big mansion w their fans? Such a blast
All the good stuff, none of the bad stuff. Nature’s Promise Turkeys are vegetarian fed, with no antibiotics ever 
Top performance from the lads on to the semis 
What a series win with a great bunch of lads 
Anyone who is interested in getting involved in Steven's testimonial year in 2018 please get in touch 
his is very good
What an amazing amount Kerry 
 Y11 beat Droylsden 2-0 in the tameside cup with goals from Yousaf and Rushby(p). Denton Community College in the next round. Good team effort boys 
Christmas is coming to 
Sarah Clarke has been appointed the first female Black Rod in the 650-year history of the position in the House of Lords 
Put Instant Relevance by 
When you need four tables for all of the food that staff brought in! 
Just what your positive classroom community needs 
Here are a few more of our newly named gritting fleet. Great to speak to 
Give this more than just a glance, play the video for more than thirty seconds and I promise you will continue to watch.......
Well done guys keeping the humour and raising local profile in a positive way 
Six meetings, hundreds of people & plenty of mince pies - thanks to everyone who came along to our annual members' meetings. 
New facilities get the 
Next school event this Thursday evening - check book bags for booking form & sign up for a fun evening. Cook - eat - drink 
Unbelievable last day scoring under huge pressure - Congrats to you all 
100 up for the season! Warlike Intent wins well at 
Thanks so much for 
Drink some for me pal! Really enjoyed today!  
You guys are great that's such a great cause research to identify and promote strategies that prevent the spread of HIV and improve the lives of people living with HIV. 
Time to do things legit 
In addition to connecting 
Wristbands ready for Saturday! £3 on the door, no advance tickets required 
Carnival season might be over for 2017 BUT here's a date for your calendar to cheer you up! 
Carnival clubs are already fundraising for 2018! 
Best wishes to everyone involved with 
All the best to everyone involved in tonight's 
Best wishes to our friends 
The Carnival Centre will be open today until 4.30pm if you want to buy your 
Our best wishes to the organisers, volunteers & all the carnivalites for tonight's 
Coming very soon... the official 
Well played guys, really friendly club & great hospitality. Good luck in the next round and for the rest of the season 
On to the semi finals!! Beating 
Another hard fought win, well done team. 
And a big thanks to 
Best of luck to Sam. 
Well you have to say it’s one of those....chuffed for you and the lad Jim 
Thank you to our mascots for today's game at home v 
Good luck to both 
 Unbeaten in eight.
It's tough to read but it's a story that needs to be heard. Support our friend 
Yes I would...
Put me down Claire £125....I don’t do EBay ...
Have a great evening Glenn..
I will be supporting David...
Thank you to anyone who voted or thought me worthy. 
Thank you Gary...
Well it's not every day you can say that ....... Proud as Punch . 
Team ART31 selfie at 
you are a man with a big heart you are a good person
We loved this which was performed as part of the 
Just the team saving a bunch of folks. 
Definitely my favourite time so far! Graffiti workshop 
 is Red Eye off the plane, but that doesn't stop 
I tried to help with the metal cutters!! Lol 
 I don't see any washers or gorilla tape on our new 
What a site to see! 
Who's got two thumbs and is ready for the weekend?! 
If there's ONE THING you do today, listen to this new 
Thanks for coming out! Love the support from you and the First Lady 
thanks over 3000 likes on my remix for 
The latest fashion and accessories - the Stone Age 
 is on Firefox now! Nice 
I need a teleportation device to take me Memphis, Tennessee on every Saturday to watch this show! Can anyone build one?  Don't worry I'll trust ya! 
Cernovich not just active on here, but actually *followed* by Twitter's CEO. Harassment campaigns, white nationalism, smearing political enemies as pedophiles, rape tips, spreading conspiracy theories like pizzagate... all given a massive 
Tomorrow we host the area event for the 
**Reminder** No Sat morning football today due to the half term break. We will see you all again next week (Sat 4th Nov) 
New Xmas Camp -  COMING SOON! Do your Xmas shopping & let the kids play football over Xmas 
All welcome TOMORROW & FRI! 
MBFDC players selected for District/County squads, click link 
*REMINDER* Our 2017/18 LTPD centre starts 2nite 
Thanks to Berkshire who were fantastic hosts. Good luck for the rest of the season guys 
This is going to be a belter! We'll be releasing all the event details and beer list very soon 
I'll Nep that tune in one! Top quality 
Great hosting these guys today! 
Wow!! Huge congratulations to 
Look at all the companies getting involved in  
Spesial one ....
And a huge goodbye to Dr. Ford! We'll miss your bright spark on Darwin every day but you'll do us proud at the Infirmary 
Waiting to rock... 
Amazing few weeks - I now have a 
Here’s to big weeks!! 
Big couple of weeks coming up for me - starting with the Tour Championship on the 
Another fun week on the 
About to scope for any of you night owls and insomniacs lol 
@AngelofLace So honored I AM!!! thanks so much! new followers coming in too!
Grind for Life Community Night at Cocoa Beach skate park Wednesday Nights from 7pm to 9pm 
And That’s How You Do It 
Skateboarding Does The Body Good in Your 50’s 
Frontside Friday Get Rad For Ray 2014 Super Fun in Memory of Ray Underhill 
Good slushy days in France. 
Just landed in Dubai. Quick drive over to Abu Dhabi & the final 
If you're after a signed copy of 
Great NIO Formula E Team S4 write-up on 
You can go to to vote for me as the rookie of the year on here : 
The star of the day to me is 
Wow what a Macau Grand Prix, this place never disappoints!! Well done to 
KZ balled out in under 3Qs of work, and you rocked the vote on Facebook.Teamwork at its finest for the 
We'll be at 
Looks like we will be announcing 
You're welcome. 
Don't let frozen steak stop you from a delicious dinner! You can thaw 
How to Grill a Flat Iron Steak: 
Well done to our Neo-natal unit, it's just been rated as the best place for junior doctors to train and learn new skills by 
Such a great opportunity! Our application is in. 
REU summer research program in Chemistry at Texas A&M University. Contact info: Marylin Warren at reu@chem.tamu.edu 
Incredible memories Harvey, there's nothing quite like it is there? Here's to the next one 
LOVED my muddy return to 
 For information, updates, athlete announcements and more, make sure you sign up for our 2018 season updates.
If you haven't looked at 
Calling potential PCSOs of the future - join 
Congratulations Mali well done and thank you for your service 
Forecasts may be for a grey week ahead, but there are no 
Thank you everyone Tweeting 
Tim, Emma & Ben have been assisting 
For those unable to view last week's 
I'm all ok
He's on fire
 A308 standstill again this morning!!! Glad I have my 
Well done to all at 
Sexy cars. Long, flowing locks. A great video about an even better idea. This is the story of how 
This is great news! Congratulations Ingrid! 
Some Scottish training.... 
Testing this time with jonny_wale 
So, another season bites the dust. Thank you to all our customers - see you again at Easter 
Rain / wind clearing!It looks dry and sunny from 10... we’ll be open for day boat hire 
 "Buddy" says, 'thank you very much for sorting his broken claw out' ... excellent service 
Phone line is now working again 
See us on @MustardTV tonight at 6 
Thank you; you too 
Took a huge step today 
Holiday booked! Monte Carlo in 10 days 
Sonos playbase added to my collection... OMG! 
Great to be back on 
Teamed up with Julie for the first time since the 2001 Canada Summer Games today! Fit for life 
Well done NJ you beauty 
Happy to see new companies, education partners & stakeholders joining the European Alliance for Apprenticeships! Well done 
Great fun had by all 
Grab a fresh hair cut and beard trim ready for 
NEWS | Mitch Curry's loan deal with the club has expired and the striker has returned to parent club 
Anyone needing help to look the biz for Halloween check out SG Makeup through the link above for more details 
In the airport lounge ready for home unfortunately unable to announce (just yet) our final over seas target but will announce at 12 noon UK time the signing of an existing squad member 
Born on this day in 1874 in our home village of Chirk, United and Wales legend Billy Meredith 
Yooooohooooooo!! We have 2 sweet Rugby Pod trucker caps to give away.Just give this week's Pod a RT to win 
Exciting opportunity for 2018 U16’s non scholarship players 
One of the best programme's in the counties at Cheadle 
Our theme this week 
A fair few Blues players will be running out for 
An excellent, free footy book requires  simply visiting our pinned tweet, a RT and 2 follows. Worth a few clicks surely? 
Thanks so much for getting back together 3 years ago 
Loz’s Edinburgh crowd shot! As the UK tour ended on Tuesday, it’ll be quieter while the band take a well earned rest. Aberdeen and that awesome Glasgow show with Mogwai coming up mid-December, tickets as ever at 
Perfect timing, the volleyball team, along with everyone else can watch our regional match in Carroll Stadium at 1. Then still have plenty of time to warm up! 
Nice pic Rika ! 
 boys looking sharp out there again tonight. Can’t wait to get back amongst it 
Happy birthday mixed grill! Have a good one mate
Hopefully yours & ours will be gracing the 
We just want to stress spaces are filling up really quick and we don't want anyone to miss out. Please retweet and visit 
Great to see these youngsters experiencing squash! Thanks to the guys 
Bad news: it's still offseason.Good news: the boss has next steps planned
You put a lot of thought into your Mother’s Day gift, why not take it from 
Well done to our learning team on winning a 
Thanks for all your excellent calls and tweets this weekend. The podcast will be available shortly 
Goalscorer Will Hughes has joined the 
Early day... feelsgoodman! Ready to continue the grind and keep pushing for the top! You get out what you put in! 
Yeah we loved it, a great event very well organised & we met some great people..
 check it out not bad for our first website build (well Danielle's) really 
WE ARE ABSOLUTELY BUZZING TO ANNOUNCE SOLARDO SESSIONS 2018!We're giving away 4 guestlist spaces for each city. To win, retweet and reply with your city!Tickets on sale Monday, 10am GMT - all info at 
Lots of inspiring tweets under 
Rural GPs from across Scotland & beyond heading to 
That’s a winner’s correction 
 November sunrises have been pretty sweet so far, couple days left though...Here's a couple sweets from this month.
Great atmosphere ruined by the most pathetic red card. Cheers jonjo 
Little groin problem at the moment, disappointing to miss games but fingers crossed I'll be back plinking them soon enough 
Have your say in shaping the support 
This was really good....God Almighty..I'm obsessed with 
Congratulations and say hi to the little people! 
Shooting 4-point shots w/ 
This Christmas we're going to fill your children's festive holidays with fun! Enter our 
Forget rampant consumerism. A shout-out for all those practising FairTrade and Ethical shopping! We love these 10 alternatives to Black Friday 
Beautiful blue sky above 
 thanks for having me on yesterday big man 
Good luck to Oxford city at Notts county today...ENJOY..Nothing to Fear but Fear itself..
Can someone upstairs unplug DRS? Cheers 
It's a monster Football Focus today!
Busy weekend-Predictions for 5-Live Friday 5.15-Saturday is Todayfm(Ireland)2-3 Followed by co-Com Huddersfield/Man Utd..Sunday LFCTV ..
That’s gotta be one the coolest 
Great entertainment watching steve Gs team beat Seville 4-0 in the Euro youth cup.Some very good players.
3-0 a true reflection of the game!!really enjoyed some great play
A great night ,thank you 
Thanks for having me 
Thanks to everyone for all the goodwill messages regarding my retiremant, greatly appreciated 
Enjoying a local pint 
Fantastic to have our 
Thanks Dale. Thrilled to be in Washington DC
It's a great Gin and a gud seller in Bollards pub with Fever-Three ElderFlower tonic 
Thanks Caroline. Your school friend can be proud of her Dad
Put a pep in your step this weekend with our energy balls - made 3 ways! 
Another fantastic new product as part of our 
A huge thank you 
The team watch on from the garage, joined by 
I am very grateful for this opportunity and looking forward to a new chapter and for the massive challenge ahead
Book will be back stocked in all 
Thanks for all your support in 2017! 
Tasting the vibrant flavors from a 
We were lucky enough to have them sing their amazing Christmas song in the 
 engineering a big night 
Make YOUR VOICE heard  & nominate your person today for 
Recommended by one of my favourite places in the world to spend a cosy night 
gradual desensitization into comfortable numbness 
Sir Michael what a great trainer for so many years 
I'm feeling every time I'm seeing 
Our planning for 2018 is now underway, with some exciting adjustments: card payment will be accepted; more 
We're also showing the Occupation of the American Mind at the Carriageworks in Leeds for anyone unable to see the first viewing. It's narrated by the awesome 
Fantastic devising workshops for Year 13 from Ollie Smith 
Delighted to present our newest sponsor for the Saundersfoot New Year’s Day Swim - Broughton Leisure Ltd.  Thrilled to have you onboard 
Thanks greatly for the brilliant work you’ve done for last 45 years. Long may it continue. 
Just been for a wee lunchtime run. Took 3 miles for my left thumb 
We've got the best readers in the world... FACT! 
Good game, very good ref, fun morning. 
Looking forward to our game Sunday vs 
Sometimes Football really knocks u for 6 my boys were fantastic today against 
Well done boys...
Great to see you 
Great review on Parrot Bebop 2 Power from 
Trying out the Everest VR demo by 
Morning Twitter! I have a lovely friend looking for a project manager position in games/ VR world! RT or let me know if anyone looking! 
Great lessons on how 
Come on Oldham a, b and c teams! We can do it! 
Hi everyone, Saturday again! Will and Denny are here this morning to answer your Flybe questions, feel free to get in touch if you have a query or need some assistance. 
It's Saturday! Good morning everyone, Sam and Alice here to answer your Flybe related queries. 
This is awesome kids big 
That is world class from pogba strength power pace pff 
Ready to charge across your screen, the noble OG Spirit Breaker by 
Pragmatic use-case driven approach to city wide 
If you missed the 
Between our communities and 
Glad to help and keep us posted on how you're getting on 
Another fantastic Lpl fact we didn’t know. Good luck 
Lovely meeting you too......so nice getting to meet a new friend, absolutely love the photo you took of the Pad Thai 
there’s a load of noises coming from downstairs and I have fully convinced myself that we’re getting burgled 
"Let's play until the light fades" said Fin, so we did..... 
Brilliant, mate! 
Wish I was playing the 
A great photo from last night's show 
Great set from @jeliofyhebirds tonight. Beautiful songs & voice 
For sure and of course my heart and soul will commit regardless of where the path leads us
LONDON!!!! We know not everyone had a chance to get merch at the pop up store so we’re gonna have a bunch of Jauz & Bite This merch on sale at Electric Brixton tonight! Come early and grab some gear 
The Irish Tricolour made with 
Great move for Ollie Wood. Hope to see him racing Rapha Nocturne for 
We'll have more races for you next year 
Rapha Nocturne Copenhagen kids race was cool. Some proper little racers rocked up 
What do you think of 
Italian style and 6Day entertainment? That’ll be 
The fear of making small talk with the mechanic. Lad. Whey! 
Take a look at what fellow supporters of 
NEW VIDEO ALERT on 
Sharing tweeting tips today with young entrepreneurs 
Look who I met this morning  in 
Enjoyable morning judging South Lakeland student entrepreneurs 
Congratulations on your wonderful achievement 
 Wazers: you scored well in the 2017 
Another exciting project from 
 within 16 hours & is trending No.1 at 
Good !!! 
This is mind blowing stuff 
M Yoganathan, a bus conductor from Coimbatore, has single-handedly planted more than 38,000 trees in 28 years using his own modest income.
Here it is ! The official trailer of 
Was amazing working with you 
Happy to announce 3rd Schedule starts today
Quarter century is a mark to make a person Remarkable. Remembering. Soul stirring. Happy working.
Power is more powerful when it’s felt ... loved the look & title brother 
Look out for my Next! 
Looking cool in Action brother 
All the best to the entire team
That's an excellent action packed trailer brother! Best wishes to you, Kalyani , Vikram and the entire 
Best wishes on the release brother
 hooked to the lyrics, the story, the video.. Actually to everything in 
Kannada philosophers seem to have positively impacted the IT industry with their thoughts.  The new Nokia facility have collaborative spaces named after our Philosopher poets Basavanna & Allama. 
Seems a lot congratulations going around on how well people of done, personally 
Very goodnight put on by 
 football facilities are open this weekend with the exception of Walkers & Scotland Road (Grass games only, Games on 3G are on) it is down to the leagues & referees inspection. 
Scrub 6 double up on 7 
I thought your new office looked fantastic 
SDSH Criminal Justice students getting hands on experience in defensive driving tactics 
Great start to the day at 
Just had to get this one on! Now if I can just convert the old man to Real Ales... cheers 
Alarm set for 3am! 
All welcome - come and see what we can offer you. See you there 6:15pm in the theatre 
The ECB Roadshow on 24 October has been postponed until February! We will be running some local events in November! 
Sounds a great game of cricket down in Malvern at the U13 Girls 
Our Special Offer page has had a little update! Lots of great new 
DIY SOS The Big Build on BBC1 now. Best programme on TV. 
 was an honour to watch you and your wonderful family become a unit again all thanks to 
We're moving over to 
Well done to all our swimmers who competed at 
Play Unified today with the seniors leading down Social Dance. 
A year ago today i watched 
A great event and good to have so many BA and MA students in attendance - 
Big Sam leaves his calling card.Goodison approves 
Bhoys have reached Strathclyde Park! Quick scran, rest the legs then back at it. It’s been some shift but we charge on 
Just finalised the evidence briefing for our 
 Ultime Pro Matte Lipstick- features in 
Dig those festive socks out - 
Just finished UN High Level Mediation Course in Switzerland. Fantastic well organized, great people. Thanks
Lotte Vermeij in action. An excellent brief about practical POC. Well done
Yesterday I spent time with fantastic people serving as Peace and Development Advisors, arranged by NUPI. 
Many thanks to Mike & Lynn. 
Congratulations to our co-founder 
See what we achieved with you. THANK YOU 
Proud of you and what you are doing with Ikorodu kids. Will do all I can to support you. Kudos
Thank you to the 
That’s it for this week! 
Tennis fans: Get to know New York Open player and Long Island native Noah Rubin - 
My first time watching a full 
Member States reach agreement on Single Digital Gateway 
Join us for a webinar Tuesday with our friends at 
 so pumped to have you as a presenter at the 
Schmearing staff pick-me-up via 
Great score guys! 
We are ready for the first season of 
A reptilicious 10/10 for Phreakin Booty Attacks... WHERE'S YOUR COMPUTER?? Nice one 
Heyyyy - here's a very fun short I made with 
Enter to WIN a new 
Thanks to the Boys Tennis Team and Coach Koehl for taking time on Saturday to Paint the Tennis Shed. Well done. 
Yo thanks for calling and tuning in! Catch y'all later
WOW - Oldie but Goodie SALE! SKINNY-DIPPING by 
Works for me! 
Love this review! "Quick-Witted and Sassy" Real 'Book of Judas' inspires journalist's novel | Faith Matters 
Good win for the year 8 rugby team against Wootton Park School in some very difficult conditions. Try scorers - Will C x5, Oscar L x2, Francis R, Finn Upton & Brad Timlin. Well done boys 
You have to see this band live big love to 
Welcome guys! We CANNOT WAIT for the EP 
Have a look at the highlights from our WIN last night in Leeds! 
My office! Working for tv today 
Didn't catch second run but wow to the first run which shows what 
Well done you!!! 
Top table at tonight's 
Jump is looking good
"When I first arrived in Ibiza, there was a free spirit to it. Both the Island and the people had an offbeat wonkiness going on, which I feel in Ramsgate"Jim Breese bigging up Ramsgate 
Tomorrow we play an acoustic set as part of the Winner Sessions at Calverley Grounds Ice Rink organised by 
Loved playing the Auction House 
Loved playing The Alexandra Public House last night!
Quality night at the Castle Tavern in Sheerness 
Huge smile every time I see new 
Thank you Mr.Compere! 
Congratulations on a job well done 
An excellent week of 
 The peeps In Marketing and Procurement are doing an amazing job 
On behalf of the staff at the new 
Great advice from our very own 
Fancy a great PINT? 
Big up for playing 'So What' on 
BOOM! Just ordered late night tales automatic soul on vinyl. Nice deal with 20% off 
Next week we start our 
No weather can stop Team Attraction. Brilliant 
Lovely little trip to 
Brazilian food industry leaders meet to discuss animal welfare! 
About 1000 times better than my semi-average tweet trying to allude to the same thing. Well played 
It's the 5th and final day of our competition to win a copy of our exclusive, limited edition graphic anthology, Ministry of Women. Commissioned by the museum to mark 100 years of women in the army, it could be yours if you like and retweet with the hashtag 
One of our fantastic 
Lots of people asking for Placebo. Never had them as feat. artist before 
Sad it's over, see you next year 
I 2nd that! 
It's that time of the month again where we want to see your 
Than you for coming!!! Hope you raised lots for your charity. 
Nyetimber Classic Cuvée 2010 in magnum. This is stunning, mineral, steely, great focus and length. Just in time for 
Charged and remanded into custody, double shift for the team, good work all round 
Was it worth a one mile foot chase? Absolutely. A nice rugby tackle to finish off and another dealer in cuffs 
Vote for your favourite retailer at 
Spot on, Matt! 
Another top business lunch by 
Outstanding work by colleagues 
140 vehicles stopped today during 
Sampling some awesome and very different styles of coffee! Thanks for having us 
Not the result we wanted. Understeer the story today, but great season of 
Exciting things happening in the theatre today for 
Really want this phone and now you have said how good it is I'm on way to shop tomorrow
Great memories from last year’s pantomime 
TRAMPOLINING on the BBC 
Good luck to Michael & Janine with the new 
We now have 280 characters to tell you how awesome Ultragrime are. Let's go: they are huge, stay wet for up to an hour out of the packet, cut through oil and grime with ease, remove silicone, alcohol free, kind on hands tough on grime, have we convinced you yet? 
Any driver training tea stop hunters / people who like bikes and a cuppa. Gillingham Dorset Mirrus 55 showroom SP8 4NW. Great cafe and some unusual bikes. 
Now here's an interesting concept! Love people who think outside of the box 
You’re welcome. Shame more firms don’t help their clients explain the benefits to potential clients. People value how you make them feel about their money and video testimonials do that so much better than text. 
So great to hear Urmala from Sampad and Tas, curator for our People of Partition in 
Get your wellies at the ready because the 
Great photos, thanks for joining us 
Tonight is the inaugural meeting of a group working to make DocBike a stand alone charity & expand across the UK.
Fantastic. Thank you, Gareth 
Joining the feast in Leith 
What a smashing weekend ahead !
Hope to see you 
First time at this location, 
Looking forward to getting social 
Vote for women who can light their own fires, vote for 
Great to talk to the team at Carltons in Markinch this afternoon with 
I’m going to be walking 30miles in the bitter cold (most likely) uplands of 
Not often you get a really awesome factory tour of a quality bed manufacturer. Lots of fun today and learned so much. Thanks 
After a top few days with @IreMensHockey in Holland - looking forward to some rest & recovery to finish off an amazing 2017!! 
Ealing Ladies hold on to the top of the league with a 2-1 win.  
 Ladies: Thats 7 games and 7 wins!!!! Top of the league with a 6-0 win 
Thanks for the mention 
An immediate new entry on 
What a site to see! 
The production & attention to detail in the new 
Pledge 1% has come so far! Ringing the 
We raised over $500!  
Were here to watch a performance of the soundtrack to Dear Esther at the Town Hall in Birmingham 
Our telephones are working again. 
It's December 1st! Best wishes to 
Pick up 'Mowing' and 'Some Twist' LP/CD on sale at the SSQ store 
The big match  -
Now that's what I call a after noon tea, they look great chef chris 
And the winner is... team 
Congratulations! Well deserved 
These were to die for, in fact each of the canapés by the incredible team 
So we came 4th out of 24 teams that took part
Great fun at Sensory Play today! 
A suite of straightforward activities for each aspect of the moderation cycle. Underlines moderation as a PROCESS
Board member Stewart Darling providing the audience with some blunt truths about the necessity to drag golf & golf clubs into the modern “data economy” 
Thanks to everyone who attended my pop-up 
Great to involved!! 
Sunday Funday! Swing in past and grab a beer or two, we'll keep the place cozy for you 
Cheers - love your work 
New tenancies coming in today should mean much more security for private tenants 
Grand setting for this afternoon’s 
Newbies are Huxtable and The Cruel Knives 
Testing out our kite prototypes. Some were successful; most weren't! Either way, we had fun and we know what we're going to do next. 
New GPs guideline recommends physio over opioids for acute musculoskeletal pain 
A fantastic morning with so many people at 
It’s my 
AND GET EVERY episode full of tips and tricks if you dream of being a 
Spending the day in Philly to join a tour with the always awesome 
Make the most of this 
We're always happy to help 
Who doesn’t like to start the day with music and dance 
Support us with your Cyber Monday purchases! Go to 
Once alerted to an incident we are able to react/assist with the right course of action 
To recap: Hammond: Excheqachuu, Boris: Gaffopod, Davis: The Brexitary, Rudd: Watchaback, Leadsom: Upshitcreek, Hunt: No One Like a Chu 
...you'll be spoilt by a smorgasbord of fabulousness! Speakers are:
Eagles: We blurred the contract in these photos because we don’t trust the internet but thanks for noticing 
Big shout to Katie. We know how dedicated she is to supporting young people. Worth her weight in Platinum... ...and some 
Thanks for drawing our attention to this 
A few more pictures of the 
Remember to vote when you shop peeps
You’ll never whinge alone 
LATEST tax whip countJohnson 
Make sure you pick up an open day booklet for a full timetable of talks & subject sessions throughout the day 
The Most Important Relationship in Your Life Isn't What You Might Expect 
Thinking of you Sue and sending you positive thoughts & strength 
I need to clone myself to get more work done faster. Also, need to not stop funneling 
All set for AACUTE course Lanark Lady Home DN & Comm Hosp nurses, Good feel steady 
Great wee singers in Nitten today. 
Important to remember of course that pressure ulcer prevention is the business of all healthcare professionals and not just nurses
Roy Keen and the winner of the 
Employers – Need help with posting a job on Universal Jobmatch? Take a look at our new video 
Fantastic work from Oncology for reducing bloodstream infections!! 
Children, like all humans are programmed to connect. When kids act up they are not seeking attention, they are seeking connection. 
and not forgetting the gurus of data and much more @DavidBazandall 
Promoting the importance of PDNS in the patients journey 
 Here’s some pics of normal birth positions! Check out our FB page for more info 
New look website with lots of info 
Excellent and should be accepted standard practice for all looked after young people 
Insight from Regis Folbaum  
Using case studies social media training 
Looking forward to learning about Cognitive Behavioural Chairwork tomorrow with 
Wee Cameron soaking up atmosphere & enjoying pipe band w dad 
Excellent community resilience meeting today 
Joint SRF and Surrey LRF exercise planning meeting today.   
Gutted that weather forecasters beat the police for public trust when I find that simply looking out the window is more effective 
Managed to catch the last day of my brother 
On the first day of Christmas my stinger gave to me 2 burglars in a stolen Audi. great teamwork 
Why not consider using this learning mat and tutorial video on extended questions and the components of fitness and their relative importance for an independent and self-paced lesson? 
9 mark questions for dummies! Booklet containing tips/advice on how to nail the 9 mark q's in the exam 
Glass curtain on stage at Plymouth Market. 
The best I've found is 
Wasn't familiar with this hop.... Massive passion fruit hit from this new 
Our CEO Robert joined the event 
Really pleased to see a champion of true 
Lovely Morning run faster than normal due to the great track 
Thank you to Ricky Bain of 
Come meet Jason Momoa at 
Get to sit side by side with this 
How about: Shortly = 5:15 p.m. ETToday. 
 (aka #19) here's a little throw back .... My dad Mark Kelly would love to catch up 
TFW you're invincible 
Beautiful version of Joni’s 
Getting mentioned (tagged) in a little blurb about "60 Seconds to Die" a horror anthology feature I co-starred in.  I'm in good company. 
Airline guitar + orchestra... with 
I've nominated FoWG as my favourite charity Plse nominate as well £1k cld help furnish 
Happy Monday everyone!!! 
Hello Gang, Mr Marcin Pulik will be available for bookings from 1st January 2018 for PERSONAL TRAINING, NUTRITIONAL CONSULTATIONS, COMPETITION PREP exclusively at Giants Gym! 
TONIGHT WILL BE AMAZING 
It’s beginning to look a lot like 
Diolch - Thank you 
Still looking for a venue for your Christmas party, book a table before the 8th of December at 11.99  a head. Call in to find out the dates that are still available 
A good review goes a long way!!!
Massive pride for our great friends 
I recommend "God's Own Country". 
My goodness they do look freaky. What is the left one doing..?! 
Nearly there!!!! 
Ooh, a new name & logo but, more importantly, an exciting future of continued enjoyment of the beautiful outdoors. Nice one 
Wishing David and all at 
Went yesterday was fab 
dog saves woman from getting robbed
It’s in Wiswell near Blackburn in the North West of England. Worth a trip for sure 
Coming tonight!? To 
Another fantastic meal at 
Come and get your perfume and aftershave from Julie's down south street hull she will look after you 
Supporting the beach clean, with Skegness councils and jolly the fishermen 
Thanks to all stakeholders who attended NIEA Water Framework Directive conference on Saturday - hosted by Permanent Secretary Noel Lavery. Great to see so many committed to partnership working  
Definitely a chef to watch.......visit us in the heart of the Cotswold and see it for yourself (or rather taste). Well done 
Great to be involved in the kitchen refurb at 
And there is still a good from left to get signed on, early bird closes today guys and girls so get signed up 
Will do mate...... I’ve also passed you details over to a guy called Neil at 
Cannot believe I missed this - word on the floor it's a winner! 
We're over the moon (pun totally intended) that our Lunar calendar won the 
Thank you to anyone who voted or thought me worthy. 
Now this is a real result ! 
Blessed is the word Sally . 
First day of food collection 
Behind the scenes & infront - we're ready to go live on your telly box 
Awesome to deliver today’s Foundation EM teaching 
Even on the worst days, you can count on Jac Naylor to stand up for what's right 
Mr. Griffin is back on hospital premises today, but don't worry, he's only come to see us 
Thank you guys for your ongoing support, it really is massively appreciated 
One thing to emphasis and highlight from last night is our complete admiration and appreciation for the bravery and professionalism of Green Watch, Merthyr Tydfil Fire Station, thank you guys! 
Great time in Australia few day ago, thankyou to all the supporters
And the fabulous winners for the best service improvement: Karen & Rachel PICU JCUH 
¡Siempre con el equipo! 
You will be a FAB ambassador Janet
The uni of opportunity  
Time 2 join us 
“It’s too hilly to cycle here”. Not with an e-bike! 
What amazing feedback for Southwell! Well done what a team 
This Christmas, give an author a gift of not tagging them in your 2 star review 
Tonight at 6pm I put the 2 litre 
ATC Cadets in front of a Valiant 27/4/55 at Gaydon. The co pilot is giving a thumbs up from the cockpit 
We are looking for a chef to join the team at 64° Send cvs to info@64degrees.co.uk Please RT 
Fantastic event last night 
 "4 Reasons to Stay in a Resort Residence Instead of a Hotel or Vacation Rental" (
We've never seen a 
Leadership in action from Amy Russell 
Thanks to all of you who visited us at 
Wow thank u - my late dad would be so happy thank you 
Launching tomorrow! Check back tomorrow morning to get all the details. 
It's a 3 coat job out here today!! Not stopping the boys cracking on though 
You may call it the chefs counter, but we like to call it the best seats in the house 
Amazing few weeks - I now have a 
Yup, as suspected, there’s some great stuff in here. 
Wow...Qschool is a place where as a professional golfer you don’t want to go. It’s brutal but you must fight, that’s what I’ve done all week and it turned out just enough 
Thanks Sarah , hopefully see you tomorrow ! 
Not long now until my first event on the 
Thanks for coming yesterday Stan , and for vid.. they're very useful 
Here’s to big weeks!! 
Big couple of weeks coming up for me - starting with the Tour Championship on the 
If your still struggling to get that trail shoulder to externally rotate in transition & help flatten the shaft, 5 minutes of this a night will certainly help 
Tuesday is going to be a very big day for 
Be sure to check out our Hut in Santa Monica on Broadway! 
How sweet it is :) 
It’s official AMERICA’S LAKERS PODCASTNo, literally, it’s official.The OFFICIAL podcast of the Los Angeles 
 is proud to have 
LATEST tax whip countJohnson 
Yes we would agree! 
Yes to night swimming 
Great looking team! 
What a special day for Dario, class act Vanguard
Wishing all the players good luck today at 
No worries mate! 
They got the plaque it’s official
You deserve it. You worked so hard. I wish I had a copy to listen to at times as it takes me to a place I have been and brings me back like a gentle pair of hands under me to save me falling. Stupendous 
I can and do highly recommend this immersive drama/art. You will not regret doing it 
Check out Terren’s story here: 
Always put your best foot forward 
Hot tip to my creative buddies: go to cancel your creative cloud sub saying it costs too much and they’ll offer you two months free 
Shhhhh. Coco is about to start. 
Interested in living at Gables Emory Point? Like any good friend, we'll wait for you. 
Along with my sponsors I have a great team behind me in 
Gareth Southgate joined us live straight after the 
Great to see so many players and teams giving the thumbs up 
Trenching areas before a course gets to wet 
Interesting reading....good to see 
It's true! 
Great 3-0 win vs Argentina today.. Perfect start to the World Cup 
It’s great to give 
Back to winning ways 
Good week away with the lads 
Massive win today, great performance from the lads 
Great win tonight 3 points on the board ! and thanks 
Big win tonight against the hosts to top the group
Today is the day!!! After a day of practice and photo shoots in Ottawa 
The logo was a custom piece by the super talented 
Feedback from my talk today '...raving about a lecture they'd been to at the 
Spent the entire journey back to Newport lisenting to the dulcet tones of 
Since the newsletter request for Aulagromyza heringii records, we've had records from England, NI & Wales 
A fantastic total of 241 records were received during September! As always, a big thank you to all who are out there recording Agromyzids 
Between the balmy 65 degree weather, gorgeous architecture, and hundreds of librarians, it looks like our Executive Director Rob Ross is enjoying 
Jim Davidson - '40 Years On’  Make sure you book your tickets to see 
Help a football pal vote 
Not really a " Western" fan, BUT 
Remember to book your tickets for this year's 
Congratulations and say hi to the little people! 
Remember to check our page at 6pm for some exciting Chester Pride 2018 news 
Gr8 meeting today for the album. Final list of songs done and theres plenty of songs & to suit all tastes! We don't do short albums here 
I have just joined Richard racing club good to see he is getting ready for next season. I am so looking forward to the racing club
Yes that’s true we high fived and he assured me he was good to go 
Firefighters now have the fire at Quarry Bank Inn well under control and we're going down to two fire engines. This could have been a much bigger incident if our crews hadn't dealt with it so quickly. Good job 
Great news this evening that the 
Great page 3 coverage in the 
A great day filming with today at 
On fire since joining mate, keep it going tomorrow 
Woke up today in a new job as a Dads Coordinator for 
Great to see you 
Thank you @ONLYONEGIBB! Hope you have a great weekend
Sorry to hear your news 
Good morning! It's that time of the year when I'm back in at 
The Mayor of Fylde presenting the Community Engagement Award to Grace Cavanagh from Weeton School. For more info on how to nominate a child pls contact 
Our not so lost 
Looking for a main sponsor. Brilliant package on offer including 30 mins playing time against the legends and table at the Q&A Dinner with a legend at your table 
He’s only gone and done it! 
Q for our followers: does anyone know of any rail safety, familiarisation or ride-along schemes for people on the autism spectrum with a special interest in trains? Can any rail operators help? Thanks 
We've seen it, thanks 
Thanks for the RT - do pop in and see us 
Thank you for the RT
Thx Martin - glad u liked it:)
*obvs* RTing for fear of upsetting Father Christmas 
Today's a good day for a 
Fantastic day today at 
Intimate and banging venue....oh and banging Trance and DJ's 
Absolutely... will do mate 
Our main man Fredster making sure the court is in tip top condition for today’s game 
LONDON!!!! We know not everyone had a chance to get merch at the pop up store so we’re gonna have a bunch of Jauz & Bite This merch on sale at Electric Brixton tonight! Come early and grab some gear 
"The Other Side of Tomorrow" is still a very solid classic 
A reptilicious 10/10 for Phreakin Booty Attacks... WHERE'S YOUR COMPUTER?? Nice one 
Hot mix! Even includes an upcoming large toon. 
Thanks for the mention 
No trends, no fake hype. Just 24 years of great music 
Brooklyn Bowl for ‘Gravity’, opened up for Bingo Players. 
I haven’t said what’s on my mind in a long time and I’d like to interact with you guys more 
Getting ready to watch the fantastic 
Thanks for your support Nell! 
Warm ups are often taken for granted, they can be fun too! Have a look at their channel for more warm up ideas 
The fear of making small talk with the mechanic. Lad. Whey! 
Tom Brady on-field: 
Well, griessemeule... that was reeeeeeally cool. 
Tonight’s the night!! Best dressed, creepy cocktails from our new cocktail king, movies & live music 
Will be streaming some champs later, make sure to tune in
BLACK FRIDAY DEAL! 
Great equipment guys! 
Making serious progress today on "Needle and Thread" for 
Thanks for all your support in 2017! 
Thank you to anyone who voted or thought me worthy. 
Now this is a real result ! 
Blessed is the word Sally . 
Today we put up our Christmas tree and took a look at BOTH the Xbox One X + the PS4 Pro: 
Train home for Christmas. Booked.It means I can go to Leicester City v Manchester United 
A welcomed addition to the Management Committee! Look forward to working with you Matt 
I'm glad my friend 
Glad you enjoyed it 
Haven't meet anyone from 
Check out Installer Online for a little surprise... 
Thank you to all of our customers who attended our Charity Golf Day a little while ago and helped us raise £4,700 for the amazing Steve Bull foundation. If you would like to find out more about what the charity does, please visit 
Can we just take a moment to talk about this guy... 
First 45 mins in the tank and pain free thanks Matlock 
Total RP 3 version 1.2.9 is now available on 
Remember, new commanders: keyboard shortcuts are your friends! 
Streaming for a bit, come say hi 
Our MSK team study day 
Looking forward to this 
Give credit when credit is due, so far 
Looking forward to learning lots of new things at this evenings 
It's another installment of 
That’s a winner’s correction 
Editing 1st episode of podcast with Louis Cayer and there’s enough here for 2 episodes. 2 episodes it is then 
Thanks Darran - great to have you with us 
 finally got to watch 
Thanks for the love!
Who's coming to 
I'm on Reddit right now - proof of ID!!! 
Congratulations!!! 
A massive thank you to these guys for raising a whopping £202 for Fix the Fells - great work 
Thank you for your support everyone. We ended with 3,047 votes - a great effort from all involved 
Only 30 minutes left to vote!!! Get your last minute votes in and help us win up to £25k for Scafell Pike here: thanks everyone 
Now this is one Happy Herdy Hat Huddle. 
 is Red Eye off the plane, but that doesn't stop 
It’s late, but there is a sale going on over at 
Double thumbs up Lahnstein 
Big thanks to all the EOC staff on shift last night 
Couldn't agree more with this Jordan 
Brussels is lovely at this time of year Meghan - 
Our snow globe is busying up! Come and take your snaps, perfect for Christmas card making and completely free 
A quick tune I wrote for 
Thanks greatly for the brilliant work you’ve done for last 45 years. Long may it continue. 
One of the great things about working at a campus on the waterfront, is that I get to do research like this 
Honoured to be asked to be a ambassador for 
Great Power Plate mention in 
You are a class act Row them vocals get better every gig 
Day 336I am so fatigued today, I can just about manage an extra 31sec FRONT PLANK with you all in addition to Jürgen’s treats.Keep going. Nearly there! 
This is worth a listen. Two of Brunch's finest and 
In the finest traditions of the 3rd battalion. gungy 3 Para. 
Laugh? It’s a very modern phenomenon, but at least you know where you stand. Onwards and upwards 
Had a great night, great food and fantastic place 
Good morning! Sunday is here and so are Will and Denny! We're happy to help answer your Flybe questions, so feel free to get in touch if you have a query or need some assistance. 
Hi everyone, Saturday again! Will and Denny are here this morning to answer your Flybe questions, feel free to get in touch if you have a query or need some assistance. 
It's Saturday! Good morning everyone, Sam and Alice here to answer your Flybe related queries. 
Great article, Anisha 
Great effort from this very youthful squad, all but 2 under 19..
Looking to grow a 
Anyone else relate to this? Grow your 
Laviish works from the inside out providing essential nourishment which topical products simply can't reach! 
2018 is going to be a great year for 
Fantastic event last night 
 - a future where every person is a tech company. Looking forward to the series 
Not bad of a list 
BRAVA, Congratulations, keep up the great work
If you know of any local good causes that would benefit from this offer from 
GOOD NEWS !!We believe the owner of this item has now been identified .. thank you to everyone for sharing 
Another unlicenced scrap metal collector dealt with in 
Dad may, or may not be about to get into the festive spirit & play some Christmas Carols...... The Dawley 'Jockeys' know how to have a good time 
Sometimes you just need a little bit of house piano to get you through the day
Absolutely amazing achievement by 
Birmingham! What a night. Thanks for coming to see us last night 
Nice one mate great night 
Let's be friends on instagram. 
Pleasure to moderate when the speakers are 
Exercise lowers the risk of depression by nearly half! 
The Role of Self-Efficacy on the Prognosis of Chronic Musculoskeletal Pain: a Systematic Review 
Last few hours of the competition, get your favs and retweets in 
The Fenwick's green van is the Broom Wagon 
Come and join us! 
The boys will try & take today's performance into the league next week when we face 
Time for the Man of the Match vote...Chooooooose! 
Sometimes you just gotta. 
Keep knocking them down Pete. I remember the old days. Love your success.
This is how they finished up after putting shit on me. Don't piss off the big fella 
Great to see the Coffeys get on the board 
What an outstanding ride Georgina Cartwright 
better place than the fav 2 - geez had to work for that one... 
Nice win that... 
Huge effort by horse and trainer winning in those conditions with that weight 
Was a treat talking to 
Great choice! A skipper that leads by example, gives it 110% & never backs down 
Game day tmrw! My tape has been silenced, along with other rugby players in the world, but our freedom of speech still remains 
Our member Harjit from Indian Food Mart Dunedin, shares how they encourage the use of re-useable cloth bags 
 thank you for making my kids day,..you and the rest of the raiders boys are a credit to the club 
And they play in Kazan first up, the Socceroos’ base camp for the tournament 
Well done to all. Great result! 
Searching for coffee round Eindhoven 
Get a copy of my book raising money for 
Fantastic fitting session at 
Enjoying the budget breakfast meeting with 
Good fun as ever 
 fun continues - P6&7 Reading Buddies with P1&2 
P6 say...'Thanks for lending us your books P3 pal - we loved reading all about Rosie Revere, Engineer and her inventions 
And prob 15% or more in this room at the moment 
Come on Paisley! 
Can we tempt any English Practice Managers who've undertaken this type of work via 
Thornlie Community Achievements celebrated at assembly this morning: footballers of Wishaw. 
Definite high trust & collaborative approach between 
Fantastic day with the 
P2/3 were using QR codes on Thursday, they were very excited to hear you were using them at SLF on the same day! 
 list from P7 pupils about what leadership means to them! Now agreeing on leadership opportunities to put it into practice 
 have a look-great learning activities to discuss at PRD as possible personal CPD for next session.Check out Tch Leadership 
You won’t get these sights inside. Get outside and enjoy the outdoors .....we do every day. 
Great Wildcat win 4-2 to go 1-0.   Big night as smith first varsity win in nets, Braun first Varsity Goal, JoJo first JV goal, New Manager Eric win #1, and coach 200 Wildcat Wins
Hey! Find a few more pics of our team having good time while presenting RAISON in 
What an incredible week of filming with 
I expect nothing less of him! 
Fantastic work Joseph! 
You join me in Uplands where the boys from 
A massive good luck to  
OUTRIGHT campaign empowers children to realise their rights. Finishes on World Children's Day 20th Nov Get involved
I think I know at which moment in Totentantz this photo was taken ,with 
And here they are....... 
Big week of sport for 
Nice little mention in the current 
Couldn't think of a better person to receive it. Well done Raymond 
Pleasure to be the cover of classical music magazine , Ontomo
Thanks for a short but nice time 
Nyetimber Classic Cuvée 2010 in magnum. This is stunning, mineral, steely, great focus and length. Just in time for 
... and we’re off! Let The Brilliant Weekend begin. Heading to our Study Weekend - we’re doing all we can to pass 
We’re learning how to feed a family for a fiver! Fantastic evening with pupils, parents and our fab Chef from the Marriott 
Basketball tournament at All Hallows. Come on Holy Family 
Today I finished my 10th show, in 10 days. Fly home for 2 days then leave again for my first tour with NEW JAPAN. Create your own future. 
This special has reaffirmed that my ups, downs, faults, and triumphs HAVE to lead to something. Dream on, dreamers
 thank you for the Econ EOC Test review AP on google play and ap store 
Congratulations Frank! We were honored to watch you compete in our inaugural 
Getting ready to "pop-up" 
I once heard drinking 20 cups of coffee a day helps reduce heart attack 
Excited to see so many of our principals and partners at partnership fair! 
Craving a takeaway or meal out? We’ve got you covered 
It was getting way too hard to continue because we are both so busy doing other projects. I think 
Well done all, I just listened to the piece on the i player! fantastic work and you should all be very proud of your achievements 
I have so enjoyed this series, will pester for series 2 
Thank you for coming it was great to have you here 
 is a credit to stockport and all his hard work and the improvements he has been involved in has rejuvenated a very tired stockport - well done Joe you should be proud of yourself and keep up the good work 
Great to see extra patrolling in Weavers Ward with K9 support on the Boundary Estate. 
Getting ready for the Abner Mares Annual Turkey Giveaway 
Thanks to the one and only Clint Boon 
Apple Pie Cookie Mix available 
Do you love this trio as much as we do? We're giving away 2 bobblehead sets!Just RT for a chance to win. 
Veterans Coffee Morning @ Meadowcroft in Bromborough, what better way to start the week 
Took the new dockless bikeshare for a spin. Big fan 
Just a reminder to those who signed up, Chef Matt Darch 
That’s it for this week! 
Half way through another show as Elder Price tonight! Loving it 
Thanks for taking the time tonight 
Have you heard about the Dogpatch Holiday Sale on Sat., 12/2, yet? It's going to be pretty awesome! We'll have 10+ popups here at Smokestack! Check out 
We'd love to have you out, 
My fault for not putting myself on their radar more. This is going to change 
I endorse this replacement 
Heyyyy - here's a very fun short I made with 
Market area mural taking shape!! 
 love this interview w/ 
Check out this thread 
Cernovich not just active on here, but actually *followed* by Twitter's CEO. Harassment campaigns, white nationalism, smearing political enemies as pedophiles, rape tips, spreading conspiracy theories like pizzagate... all given a massive 
Whilst making the most of the Black Friday offers along with Christmas shopping please do so via Easy fundraising; register, select MBH and start shopping. We then get a donation each time you shop 
December is here and that means that it's totally legit to start listening to holiday music and sneak a few holiday games into your lessons 
A great morning reviewing the work of my 
Rakitic continues to be poor vermaelen is just shit & please 
Hes a decent spud that 
Love this - free downloadable guide for making gigs more accessible. 
Congrats to all. Great initiative- delighted to support 
Looking forward to tuning into the 
"Coming to Ireland was a breath of fresh air."
If you missed my interview with 
Thanks for all those retweets, ye’re class! Okay, time for the draw. Good luck. 
Don't forget to vote!!! 
Great article in today’s 
Archie approves of the free piece of fruit for kids 
Very impressed on first visit to 
Time to submit some NC1s for some awesome leaders! 
 Pls RT Jenny - Nominations for 
It's going to be a great election cycle! 
It's a full house at tonight's healthcare 
 Fab to meet your super 3rd years today with 
New GPs guideline recommends physio over opioids for acute musculoskeletal pain 
 simple low cost, high return initiatives. Stop doing things that don't work and have the moral courage to call Physio's out. Bad physio is not on, ever. 
We're under way with 
Make sure you download the new song. All proceeds go to great causes 
We are now live on Instagram folks! Give us a follow gaa_gear 
Great to meet you all today, your most welcome 
Top effort. We keep on rolling 
Proud of our girls! Performance that we waited for a long time. 
What a night for a great Galway supporter! That face when he is told he gets to train with all Ireland Champions True Heroes
Having a cracker of a time in 
When technical problems with the PA system prevent the playing of Amhrán na bhFiann - improvise! 
Shout out to @Lava_Rock_Resto probably the nicest feed I've had this year 
Looking great Darragh. Well done 
Thanks Cheggers ... All Ireland Night Owl 11 a side Champs , beaten Euroepean Finalists dame year as well I remember ... 
Thanks so much to Linn from 
That's a win win! Great idea 
Well that’s my evening sorted. 
Good luck to the Netball 1sts team travelling to Hereford in the CAT 1 league! Safe trip guys 
I've just bought tickets to this.. who else is going?! Such a great way to raise money for an important cause 
Brilliant halloween party, raised some money for a local cause and had a blast.  Big 
Thank you to all those that came to our exclusive 
We participated in a 
Ciao Nick!  Canadian volleyball star Nick Hoag is a media pro in English, French and now Italian 
Love this... Share widely! 
Elaine Edge wins the Chairman’s  
Need temporary vehicle insurance cover? Look no further than Dayinsure and be like Frank  
Looks fab. Great pic 
Working Ringo the Eurasian Griffon Vulture today 
Suns out and had this little beauty up after the quadcopter 
Quick clip of one the falcons taking the lure from the quadcopter 
Very quick clip of the gyr x prairie taking the lure on the quadcopter 
Excited to be here in Darmstadt to play some music with 
Loving it!!
I fucking love puddles me like 
If your a supermarket shopper why not have a change on a Sunday roast shop with your local greengrocer & butcher & taste the difference 
How many tickets do you want for 
We are 4 'LIKES' a way from 10K on the Canopus facebook page! Show us some love with a 
Check out the premiere of 
We are so proud of our ladies at Tesco East Didsbury completing race for life today. Well done to you all 
Photographer friend of mine who does amazing work. Check him out 
Cracking result. 3 on the bounce and games in hand with sides we’ve taken points from away. Well played 
Thanks for the RT guys! 
Thanks for the RT Jonny - much appreciated! 
Thank you to you! Well done guys 
That's brilliant, well done! And thanks to everyone who agrees to take part in clinical trials 
Something new has come in!! And we’re dead pleased !!!!! Well done 
Something new has come in!! And we’re dead pleased !!!!! Well done @laurajane_something 
@MattHancockMP check out 
Why thank you very much 
 fantastic meal, sooooooo tasty! My non veggie friends were blown away 
Wow. Fantastic dishes. The plates aren't bad either 
Great 5-1 win at home to Peacehaven for the 18s this morning Goals from Townsend (2), Langford, Burcombe and B. Santos Great team performance 
 thank you for such a beautiful lunch on Saturday!  Need to go again already, such friendly staff too! 
Just completed 3 nights of fabulous theatre 
Tucked up wi' me lamp. 3 more sleeps til rehearsals 
She is safe from violence - thanks to 
After January 10, 2017, pages where content is obscured by interstitial popups will be penalized in seo ranking. 
A great photo from last night's show 
i feel like we all learned something here.
If you are dining out of the festive period what better way to enjoy the holiday season than by helping an incredible cause. Check out 
This Sunday come see 
We are extremely proud to announce that Curtins has once again been awarded a place in the Building Good Employers Guide. We have now featured in the guide each year since its launch in 2007! 
Thank you guys it was a very wonderful and awesome experience 
 thank you for the maker cool things 
“…no single company should be able to exert this much influence over the direction of the web.” -
Great to meet you today 
Loving my 3D printed fish from 
For those who don't know me on Twitter, this is what my friends, family and colleagues have to say about me.From 
Fantastic to have our 
Another great example of a senior leader in 
"Fantastic food, and it was all Gluten Free 
 And just for that, we're giving you the honorary title of KarizMAGIC for the day! 
For all lovers of 
Always great to be nominated...good luck everyone... Place your vote here... 
And another one Mutation 
Jason, owner of 
Imagine a world where girls dream of 
 Banoffee caramel digestives....what a time to be alive 
U16 Indoor Hockey Team came top of the group today at the indoor, winning all their games, now on to South Finals in Dec!! 
Calling all artists and designers at UTS! Get your house gear designs submitted to prefects@utschools.ca by December 6 
Our friends Joel & Harri from 
Winter Merch has arrived at Huron! Get them at the Beaver Dam tomorrow. Toques are $20 and mittens are $22 after tax. They make amazing gifts so get yours while supplies last 
 Congrats Stanley!Here's to many more years of success 
Honestly. That was a fantastic Messiah. Dramatic. Exciting. Emotive. Nailed it, 
For almost 2 years we were told it was impossible for 
Can it be Saturday yet? This is going to be all kinds of fun! Get down to 
Found the picture! Can’t wait for the 2017 picture update! 
You know, 20 years ago, typing with just your thumbs would be insane. 
Three stars, three Penguins. 
 Take a deep breath, bio-friend. 
Thanks for the support, I'll have to send over a Catalans one! 
Can all our followers please vote for us to help us get funding for our facilities every user gets up to 10 votes 
Awesome to be present at the launch 
I'm gonna join the chain of tweets I've seen putting over 
So this is what 
 good luck lads, safe trip to Dubai 7s. Thank you for the support of 
Exciting opportunity for 2018 U16’s non scholarship players 
Some pre-game words of wisdom from 
Without doubt a better side with him at full back 
Big thanks to the 1600 that renewed their STs before early bird deadline. I know many more will purchase before season starts. Your support is much needed and appreciated don’t forget you can still buy and be entered into Toronto draw until 10th December 
Great 1st turnout today for 
Exactly a year ago today I had the honour of being told I’d been successful in my application to become a Trustee of 
Massive crowds building up at Manc Rd fair looks impressive 
Here is the real one 
Buy your tickets for 
Come and see us today 
Big respect to our fans 
He's not sure who his favourite team is. Thanks to 
Charnock u15 lads with there new training tops thanks to 
Tickled me this! Great dog!! 
Who wouldn’t want to live in Newcastle!!! 
Well done to all those involved 
3 years ago teammates at school now teammates for 
Need to sort these for our next 
Another great accolade for ex-pupil 
Best of luck fellas 
Wonderful work from our 
Here’s an old picture for you. Our committee can name 7 players. Anybody recognise anyone?? 
Hope they go well mate 
Some really smart items on the auction line up for the 
Check out the Stars squad, looking awesome in their new 
Today’s Celebration Festival has started 
Its time to head home, 
Thanks, Chris! Very kind of you to say. Being a coach is about being a role model 
Tickets selling well, don't rely on paying on the door - secure your entry with a ticket from one of the pubs tagged below 
Always nice to see the Skip/Vice Captain of 
Happening tonight in Aylesbury 
Fryston warriors under 14s are still looking for sponsors for the off field kit. Any help would be fantastic in what is gonna be a great season 
Great opportunity to win these unique boots! Get your bids in!! PLEASE RETWEET 
Not often you get a really awesome factory tour of a quality bed manufacturer. Lots of fun today and learned so much. Thanks 
Upside to working in restaurants- testing beef and Barolo in the office 
It’s very cold but sun is out so having lost a match day to “hurricane Ethel” (whatever) unnecessarily we will leave it late and let the sun work it’s magic. Will update as soon as we can but I am not pitchside so help me 
Loads here already at 
Starting at 12.30 today, see you down there if you're wanting a signed calendar 
My latest donation has gone off to Northumbria. Love getting these texts 
Our Higher Spaniards did this today and LOVED it...we just couldn't think of the best way of describing it!! They wanted more and described it as hugely motivational 
Happy St Andrew's Day! Testing the pupils knowledge about St Andrew in Personal Support today
Exploring St John’s Renfield as part of an RME unit on Holy Buildings.. researching, working as a team, observing and recording..
One of our fantastic 
   Phase 3 of Edinburgh 20mph rolled out and already updated in Waze  
New tenancies coming in today should mean much more security for private tenants 
Well done, lads! 
Ordered yesterday arrived today Great service 
Well done to our club Legend and thank you for everything you do for the club and local community. Well deserved Eric Flack 
Great day today in the Discovery Zone! Parents open STEM afternoon 
Two great sessions to start off a new block of Karate Fun sessions at Abercorn School.  A fantastic group of kids 
1st Active Schools Karate session @ Thornwood Primary breakfast club. Hard work, fun & laughter. A great start to the day
Great Karate Fun session at the Kids Holiday Club (ASN) at the Palace of Art.  The kids were brilliant 
Lots of fun and hard work by the kids at Camstradden Primary during the Karate session for Active Schools.
Stuart the bear joined us at Drummore School today for the Active Schools session.  He loved meeting the kids
Back at Antonine Primary for the latest Active Schools session.  The kids had their first try at sparring.  Well done
Keep up the good work! 
That is very kind Annette
Happy girl right now, new date added and managed to get tickets for 
I really like the built in text reader, 'Read Out Loud' 
For the attention of all parents, carers and educators. More ASN information to follow, please retweet! 
The Maths Challenge Event 
Great bounce back from 
Pledge 1% has come so far! Ringing the 
 Not one, not two, not three, but four 
Some good stuff here by the Grand Slams for 2019. 16 seeds throws the cat amongst the pigeons early. Love it. Reckon 50% is too low for on-site withdrawal (maybe 80%) but a great start. 25 sec shot clock 
Thank you to all the Surrey coaches who attended today 
Looking forward to getting started at 
What a fantastic weekend for 
