Your voting was worth it! Congratulations to 
Looking forward to hearing that! 
This is absolutely class 
Whoo hoo..... 
Loved the performances of Team Miley so far! 
Exact!  Come to vote now for those talented women
Kudos for dealing with such ignorant people 
wow seems like the world only revolves around your country 
Intelligent and good looking... that’s a recipe man. 
Run Sherrod, run.....
Good apostrophe work. 
Legend supporting a legend
We would also like to say thank you to 
Team White wins 5-4 in the shootout! What a hard-fought 
He's gotten his fair share of criticism this season, but... What. A. Save.
I spy lots of powerful student 
We totally agree!! 
We're happy to announce the 2017 
Full time and our U23s extend their lead at the top of the table with as comprehensive a 1-0 win as you're likely to see. Hayden Coulson was the goalscorer in the 73rd minute. Match report to follow soon. 
West Brom 0 Boro 1: At last! We have a breakthrough after near constant pressure in this second half where Liam Hegarty and Amadou Sylla have both gone close twice. The opener on 73 minutes came from a well-worked corner and was scored by Hayden Coulson. 
Burnley are first football club in the country to install security barriers to protect against terror attacks 
Well done Kevin & Anne 
Congratulations LH -nothing better than being a champion of your sport 
We are very proud to introduce our next 
Congratulations to Norman and Christine. Celebrating their 25 year anniversary at the 
Meet Braydon and some of the other brilliant young people who entered the competition 
And thank you to our amazing hosts, the wonderful 
It looks wonderful! Well done Naj & Faiza!  
Congratulations Sir Mo - richly deserved! 
This is what teachers and school admins can create when given the tools and permission to use 
"As an educated Viking, we are too wise to be intolerant" - Bob Rawson, Honorary Doctor of Laws 
Big news from former Children's Specialized Hospital patient, 
You've gotta be kidding us with that speed. P.S he's a 
"You can never have too many songs that are catchy and cool at the same time." 
Hooked up the one & only 
Congrats on your sold out Toronto show, 
Congratulations on a remarkable career, 
Long pause...flashing screens...drum rolls please because The Manufacturer of the Year is...
A great start to the week here as our 
We hit ONE MILLION plays on 
It's official! 
 tonight! Along with 
Great to reach 1 million followers. Incredible to have such brilliant support, it means a lot. Thank you. 
How cool is this new giant chess board at the High School East library? 
Everything about this deserves a standing ovation
Two years ago today, 
Not a bad first goal for 
It's that time. News-ish with 
A tenth headed goal in Charlton colours for 
A huge congrats to a group that has helped shape One Big Holiday! 
It's not a BVB v Spurs match without a Son goal...76' 2-1 
 F L A S H B A C K !
Did you know that we work with local authorities to provide matched funds? The team at 
Working hard to support innovative projects that help to make 
Great to see such interest from both students and employers at the 2017 
Our LIT Thurles graduations are well underway! Congratulations to all our graduates! 
Congratulations to Patrick O'Grady from St.John Bosco Community College who was the winner of our recent Open Days Snapchat competition! 
CONGRATULATIONS LIZ!! a worthy winner 
Congrats to Miguel Almirón on being named 
 we’re delighted that 
 and the Creative Award goes to  Sadie Chowen 
Great stuff going on 
Well to celebrate the launch of my new venture 
Final preparations today for 
Congratulations to all those 
Although there’s a firearms amnesty running we’re still busy taking guns off the streets of the West Midlands - thanks 
Great to see Manchester start up tech businesses doing so well 
Here’s another HERO in the mix with 
Amazing story- and to run a sub-16m 5k is something almost all of us can only dream of! Well done 
Jack, in 15 years of following Jools in Manchester you were without doubt the best warm up ever...my late dad loved Paul Robeson, hence my name...your version of Old Man River...his favourite had me in tears.... thank you so much...a great night 
 absolutely brilliant tonight in 
Hope you enjoyed our little Hip Hop shakeup @chad_einstein 
Another top award for 
It's FRIDAY NIGHT and we're bounding towards the weekend! See you LIVE at 10pm on Channel 4 
Just awesome! Huge well done guys 
We were delighted to welcome HRH The Earl of Wessex to 
Break legs to all 
One hell of a shift as 
Huge congratulations on being elected 
Thank you to Daniel (Y1) and his Mam and her work colleagues from 
Huge congratulations to our PhD student Helena Robinson at 
 More great work at local community clubs from our players as Rob Lui and 
Our very own Kate Tarrant; Professional Event Rider, has put her hatred of photos to one side to support 
RIP Rodney Bewes. Still the best-written sitcom about working-class culture ever.‘I’d offer you a beer but I’ve only got six’. 
Welcome news for the many education partnerships developed between 
Huge congrats Eimear - very proud of you! 
Well earned Heidi!! Congratulations from all at GMIT 
363 years later, the Royal College of Physicians appoints a women President,Prof Mary Horgan. And 
Congratulations to ALL the Swim Ireland athletes who took part in the 
With over 50% of the vote, your final 
Yes, an impressive stampede 
Monday Mem'ries...Opening night of Chasing Mem'ries 
 What a view! You are beautiful 
How can you NOT love 
Did you hear the big news? 
The morning after the five Groundhog Days before! Thank you so much - again - to our dedicated 
Week Eleven Built Tough Player of the Game! 
Thanks for coming out tonight to 
Congrats to the 14 
With absolutely killer shots by 
Final rehearsal room day and run for Barnum before we move into the theatre! 
Absolutely fantastic that our very own 
How goods this from a young man, leading by example in our school and community 
Start saving now. 
We have an AquAIRium 
TOP HONOUR bestowed on 
Tottenham beat Dortmund and win Group H 
Some fantastic items up for grabs in 
A strong team! Good to see Clark and Taylor make a return to strengthen England's scrum and congrats to Hunter on her 100th cap!! 
Two more graduates!!  Ben & Brandon from our 
Top piece by my inspiring colleague 
If you see him, give him a cheer! Good luck Ben! Thank you for your support 
It's a Christmas miracle! 
Karl and Ben joined by 
 Delighted to see this stunning 
"Helping newsrooms develop tools & reporting that empower communities & their conversations"
Just laughed and cried hysterically thru 
Shot in our Studio 01!  
Well done to all the final year students fpfalmouth!! 
S1 pupil Victoria showing off her Graphics homework which faculty head Mr Keaveny says is the best he has ever seen from a first year. 
Congratulations to Mr Scholes who passed his M.Ed with distinction and is the Glasgow University School of Education William Boyd prize winner for his final thesis. We are lucky to have him. 
Amazing evening presented by 
"Shoppers at Norwich Waterstones invited to buy Christmas books for Norfolk children in care"This is a wonderful scheme, full of genuine Christmas spirit. Hats off to 
Christmas order sorted with 
Fantastic result.  Well done Issy.   
Thank you to all who took part in the Access to Elections: Call for Evidence, we are grateful for all your hard work and support
Shout out to Umpire Appointments Secretaries throughout the country. Difficult task carried out superbly well. Cannot call David Boyle a goddess !
Your little ones can get involved in a range of festive arts & crafts beginning this Saturday from 11am - 3pm! >>> 
Probably my favourite talk of the year - such a powerful message from 
During the second city-wide 
Guess Who!!! Will be at the 
This video is for everyone who is faking the lavish lifestyle on social media, powerful message
And that’s it! Well done to our contestants today - winner announced at our dinner tonight 
 Nwanne you are truly an Ezege..
 I just heard and watched the video of your song 
Congratulations to my friends 
"Life is too short to not be stylish!" Dapper groom
"Great changes in the destiny of mankind can be effected only in the minds of little children." Meet the 
It's been a good night for 3 writers I cherish, Yoko Tawada & translator Susan Bernofsky received the first Warwick Prize for women in translation, Nicola Barker received the 
A massive round of applause to our incredible 2017 British Book Design & Production Award Winners! 
Halftime score 0-0! Let’s go Warriors! 
 looks great in his new grey Dashel helmet outside 
Huge congratulations to the first ever Level 1 accredited Hand Spinning students to gain certification
Fantastic to see so many fans having a kick about on the glorious 
Our lovely floristry team are at 
Congratulations to the inspirational 
We know how much you enjoy seeing photos of Ireland at its best on our weather forecasts. You can savour them for a whole year now, with our FREE 2018 calendar, available with next weeks 
I had to fall back & watch how people move just to make sure I cut the right people off! 
All Praise To The Most High 
A very big shout out to all the fantastic 
Delighted to hear that 
Absolutely chuffed to be here to see Liz awarded her fellowship 
Mums. Is there anything that they can't do? 
Late inclusion Luke Robins has 3/34 in our 
World No.1 is in reach for John Peers & Finland's Kontinen after 64 62 win v Kubot & Melo delivers 4th 2017 title in Shanghai 
Huge thank you to all our speakers at the HMHM Symposium today . 
 | "Football should be encouraging universities to do as much research as possible." – 
It’s been brilliant this week to help celebrate the work of our 
Exciting News: Our Finding Gobi ‘Young Readers Edition’ has just won the first annual New York City Big Book Award for Children’s Non-fiction 
Immensely proud of all 
Congratulations to big .
Well done to all players, coaches et al who were involved with getting the .
A catch up oan match of the day, sportscene, the championship, scottish cup and aw the junior/ams clips on a monday. Wit a day it is 
ye've got to 
We wrapped up camp season!! Huge thanks to all the athletes, coaches & staff members who helped make camp a success
So proud of this young lady! Keep up the hard work 
Yep, get excited. 
"DO NOT SPEND ALL SEASON GETTING WEAKER!!!" 
Was a fun day in Cassell! 
Final | Let's give a big 
Way to go girls! 
Congratulations Kenzie! Excited for you! 
Shout out to our friends at 
We officially endorse this pun. 
That’s the spirit!!! 
Whoever did this sums it up in a nutshell 
After two picks and a TD, WSU's Jordan Preator 
For every 100 tweets that come in today using 
 alumni Bhaveek & Jashan Makan take home $10,000 in 
I've never had a class that didn't love making & sharing their own games with 
Edith Wisa has been outstanding in her exploits and  she deserves this special recognition 
This one is coming on 
There's our wonderful director Nick Kelly 
And very well deserved 
KTM go 1-2 in Moto2. First win in the class! Congratulations 
Congrats, Vardar Families-you are making a difference! $1,200 raised. 
U15’s thanks for your support!
This message from our partner, 
Awesome and so true 
A huge thank you to all our emergency services  
Yr 2 had a SURPRISE visit today as part of their 'Great fire of London' topic.Exciting start to the term.
What an inspiration! 
Fantastic group of attendees at the 
So proud of the U14 girls. Every member of the squad worked their socks off today and they played some superb hockey... 
Congrats to our great colleagues 
Here is the fabulous Lorna Laidlaw with her 
Not a SINGLE conservative woman qualified for 
Four Reds among the UEFA 
 Thank you for your fantastic support once again this evening! 
CONGRATS to CGI U Honor Roll awardee 
Congrats to our 8 CGI U alums recognized in the 2018 
Congrats to alums who ran for office earlier this month! Special shout out to alum Erin Byrnes, new member of the Dearborn City Council, WHO ALSO PLANS 
This Thanksgiving weekend, discover 
Critics are cheering for Auggie! 
Start saving now. 
What a season! 
We're thankful for 
What about this guy though - 5th place with a broken leg!What a ride 
Thanks to all of our apprentices for sharing your stories this morning 
Happy National Apprenticeship Week! 
What an utterly fabulous weekend 
Daddy's spelling lesson from the middle of the south Atlantic 
 Thanks for your tremendous support last night! 
Brilliant footage guys! Thanks for the mention & superb coverage...
 Nicole Batsch shares her experience at GBHI. Thanks, 
GOALLLL!!! It's that man Liam Moore 
Southern Premier Club of the month for October!! Recognition for the hard work everyone at the club puts in! 
Morning!!! Ready for another high octane 
Fantastic meal and service at Camellia restaurant in 
We're excited to see the UK government capitalising on our local tech talent to lead the way in revolutionising public services 
Well done to ex 
Another good training session tonight girls! Leading up to our upcoming fixtures!
Another brilliant effort and close game  today by the girls against a very good Fryston Warriors team! Improving each week!  
A good turnout for training this evening girls! Over 25 girls training!
A great effort this morning from our girls against a good 
Good result tonight! Congrats 
Congratulations to all of our new Diana Award Holders who joined the celebrations in Cardiff yesterday! 
We're very proud that 
Thanks for having me! The film has a incredible cast and is full of great performances. Very funny 
Who is David Beckham? 
Counting down to kick-off across the 
And thank you to our amazing hosts, the wonderful 
Loving the first peek of Caroline's dress! Good luck to all at the 
MARK COOPER: “Our supporters were unbelievable today.“The young boys who travel to every game, got everybody going, they’re outstanding. They really gave us a lift and kept us going.“They were a credit to their club.”Thanks for your support. Let's keep this momentum going 
You've gotta be kidding us with that speed. P.S he's a 
 Amazing generosity from Latics fans who have donated food and toiletries to 
Lukaku consoling Mile Svilar following his mistake is probably the best thing you'll see all day. Great sportsmanship. 
According to Forbes, the top three highest paid women in music this year are... 
Reese is a force 
Huge congratulations to you both from all of us at CCS! Amazing opportunity and achievement 
Lord Lloyd Webber described the work of 
Big shout out to Andrew and our fabulous volunteers@SUFC_tweets Mary is still smiling and rocking the Whirlow wet gear look. THANK YOU 
‘Football gets to parts that government can never reach.’Article highlighting the outstanding work Alex, Sonia, Howard and the rest of the Coping Through Football team have been doing for years. 
Congratulations to Mr Kelly, the staff and the pupils 
 Liverpool Ladies scoop Partnership of the Year accolade at the Football Business Awards: 
We are delighted to have won Best Brand Activation Involving Football at the 
 Chuck Losey earns elite honor from 
This was insane.Who remembers when 
Another top award for 
Well done to the AH class who were awarded with a certificate of excellence for the 
New Headshots For The Very Awesome 
Such good food today by 
Thank you very much 
Hope it goes well Paul, you & Reg were the most perfect example of what can be achieved between Chef and producer 
JUST YOUR AVERAGE FRIDAY NIGHT AT WORKDanced a new ballet by 1 of the worlds greatest choreographers, Danced with 1 of the worlds greatest ballerinas & got to say hello to 1 of the worlds greatest Actors - Thank you Twyla Tharp, Sarah Lamb & Dame Maggie Smith 
Congrats guys! You must be doing something right 
1/3: In 1995 
Four Lancaster researchers have been ranked among the world's most influential! 
 Newham has seen a reduction in overweight children in reception - really positive result 
Lunchtime here after a great morning at City Gates with 
“I have the best job in the world. It’s infinitely rewarding – because I can and do make a difference"NELFT district nurse Liz Alderton reflects on receiving 'The Queen Elizabeth the Queen Mother Award for Outstanding Service' 
I'm sure I speak for everyone on 
Don’t be fooled … THIS 
This is very good news...well done to all! 
Proud as punch! Fantastic work by  
My husband won't answer the phone. Please help me escape, bail money needed! If you can help by donating $5, $10...Pm me and I will arrange someone to pick up the money OR e-transfer the money to terrytrishcoates@hotmail.com with the password as bailmoney. Help a lady out! 
The Old Course has a new course record.
Congratulations to a great team 
Waiting for lady gaga to come on! We are so close it's awesome!!! 
Thank you Racicot Chrysler for sponsoring our school
Extending a huge congrats to former community relations expert of the 
How this girl learnt to cope with anxiety is hella inspiring 
Literally can't get over Frank Ocean at Lovebox last night... It was just too awesome 
MUM I FINALLY MADE IT (for like 2 secs but still) sick after movie 
Mesut Ozil has created 34 chances for his team-mates this season - more than any other player in the Premier League 
BIG shout out to 
Shoutout to our friend 
Nobody makes an entrance quite like 
in 2morrow! Learn 2 make "Smart Decisions" w/ your kids @cybercivcics workshop 
These guys are quality top marks for getting them on your show 
"This is not the role of the voluntary sector. We will not be complicit in a scheme which results in further adversity and punishment for vulnerable people." 
So proud, special commendation for 
Absolutely brilliant performance. Every time I lose all hope, Arsenal go & do something like this and my Spurs-loathing spirits soar again. 
Thank you to all at 
Huge thanks to all who took part in 
We are delighted to be the music partners for 
We take a look at the best ever reunions in music. 
Field Day festival is moving to Brixton 
Pleased to welcome Flight Records to the 
143 officially SOLD OUT of Pre-Sale tickets. 
Huge congratulations to Learning Disability Nursing student, 
Top partnership work with 
CHU CHU CLAP is out now 
 MAP TO THE STARS 
Well done to the team from 
to our newest board member for the mention
And the winner is... Luke Ambler, aka 
As you should be! Amazing job and what an awesome line up 
Strength, power & pace in 
i'm so proud of you her! i'm happy to stan an activist and a woman like Eva Green! 
Congratulations guys well deserved 
Hope you're enjoying a couple of Peroni as I raise a glass of Franzikaner to you 
Last night reminded me of Torres ending 
Student poet Alexandria Worsham 
Have a listen to the song on this link, and give a thumbs up on the Video. Been to a few gigs! Class acts (1) 
The fantastic Karen and all the amazing staff 
In our other fixture this evening, RIASA A suffered an unfortunate defeat to Hyde with only 1 goal in it. Unlucky lads
Great game for RIASA West, a very strong team performance
Gavin Moynihan finishes in the top 25 at 
Drama to help imaginative writing! And all with Children in Need happening too! Busy day 
Awesome start to the Netball NZ Pacific Sports Partnership NetGO Fiji program. Silver Legend 
That sounds like a wowser of a festival.  Lucky north easterners!  
It's election day y'all! 
Two goals on return from injury for on-loan 
"Why I Speak At Developer Conferences" by 
The best VR i've seen at this years 
Duran Duran surprised many with a great 
Great news that we have received a 
I'll take 3, thanks 
Fantastic to see so many girls being inspired by our very own experts Lyn Scott and Sarah Bradon 
 Heavyweights went to work!! 
Congratulations to fellow winners 
We have a winner! Congratulations to 
Good crack at Forest Pines with the lads, credit to 
Here it is. Welcome to the Washington-Grizzly Champions Center! 
 | Thank you to the 321 that made the trip to the 
Cold Tuesday evening match, 380 mile round trip, you were there, 
Great example of sportsmanship from wkend with Panthers & Brixington celebrating being finalists in U11s comp 2gether. Well done both teams
Only 30min until 2018 Young drummer of the year entries close and the standard is so high 
Top Support from this lot 
Spot on predictions from Paul Merson today 
Always tough to take conceding a last minute goal ,, thanks for your support today, awesome atmosphere 
Good luck lads tomorrow in the JW Hunt Cup 
IN OTHER NEWS Alvechurch striker scores truly special goal in non-league 
All the best on your loan 
This right-back scored the best hat-trick in non-league history. 
Congratulations to all the winners and nominees at the fantastic 
Class tonight boys!! 
 Watch back as Wladimir 
32: Beauty! From 25 yards out, Salah calmly curls the ball into the far corner to give us the lead! 
Weldone to my team the Cavaliers 
Another 3 points yayy 
 amazing and so proud! 
Another angle of THE LIFT featuring 
Had a great session of 
Fantastic SEND conference with 
After a tough year for 
Have a whole new respect for all you mothers out there,,,, Wow!!! 
 Good luck to all of the ladies involved in tomorrow's game!
Great to see, 
The Men's GB EDP squad has been announced - huge congratulations to all who have been selected! 
Well done Georgie!! 
1/2 way point in 
Even. More. Live. Sport. 
Just back from the 
So happy for our Co Founder and also Founder of 
18 games14 goalsMohamed Salah 
BZ 240 Troop The King's Squad! 
70% of city centre businesses have indicated they are in favour of a BID in Bradford. 
Well done all of our runners for Good Hope Hospital 
This fantastic mural was painted by Bristol artist 
If you haven't already, theres only 3 more days to catch the full season of Growing Up Gracefully on ABC iview! 
Have you checked out this yet? ....adjacent to The Mailbox? What a fantastic initiative 
What a great night at 
Just discovered the work of 
This is about as big a vote of confidence in local radio any Director General could give 
Cheers to the speakers, performers & supporters who made me rethink community at 
They're still going! 
Badge of honour... 
It’s been brilliant this week to help celebrate the work of our 
Only gone and got engaged to the one and only Elle Smith up a mountain 
Great read as always 
 is in full speed - 400 events in 73 countries so far! 
“If you help, you shouldn’t need to walk around going I HELPED YOU.” 
Love this brilliantly written process piece, underlining how the smallest design change has large-scale impact. 
A large portion of people on the Upfield line just witnessed me punch the air as I came up with That 
Why would you go to a regular conference when you have one running at a pub? Today in London is 
Better “enum” column support coming in Laravel 5.6 migrations! 
Nostalgic!! Cannot wait to see the results of this community effort. Guys in the several GDGs and attending institutions are still asking: WHAT DO WE NEED TO DO NOW?We look forward to awesome growth of smaller professional meetups as a result of this! Thank you again!!
Major milestone I’d say, so much gold in this - thanks for incredible hard work 
We are rooting for 
What. A. Night! 
CONGRATS to CGI U Honor Roll awardee 
Congrats to our 8 CGI U alums recognized in the 2018 
ICYMI: Applications for non-guaranteed entries to the '18 
Ancsa about successful women 
Congrats to our fellas up front 
Congrats to the man with the plan, 
Shout out to @cctileandcarpet for an amazing photo of an elevator lobby for Bank of Oklahoma using Intercetamic tiles! Follow them to see the project, from installation photos to the finished product! 
Regarding this 'Hipster Racist' thing, VICE let me teach some of ya'll. 
 Thank you for your fantastic support once again this evening! 
At No. 22 on the money list, NGO Champion 
Congrats to NGO champion 
In a nutshell... 
Congratulations to Kingswood's 8 artistic gymnasts 
ICYMI: We heard some truly inspiring stories at a memorable 
 has been voted by city of 
So very proud of 
Great piece by the Great @TMSJay about the Great 
Creating more champions takes us closer to achieving 
Beauty, Brains, all about female empowerment.. 
What a dynamic High-Level Closing panel for Global Climate Action today at 
Delighted to announce that 80 groups across NI have been awarded a total of £677,010 of 
Really great insights from 
A really great evening last night at 
What a cracking idea 
Belfast has been rated number one in 
Fun and cooperative learning during PAWC time - onset and rime!!! 
She's the first mezzo to sing with the all-male choir 
We loved how much support our swimmers got this year! 
HUGE shout out to the student ambassadors from 
What a week: 
Yeah that's cool but this is cooler! Thxs so much 
“Here I am tonight, receiving this award and I ask myself, how did this happen?” Congratulations to late-night legend and 
Nobody makes an entrance quite like 
Counting down to kick-off across the 
 A superb effort from 
Thanks for your support, Sir! 
Can't wait to watch the show 
Utterly thrilled to announce THE OTHER MRS WALKER is Waterstones 
Let's bring you back 
A huge congrats to 
Bravo to James Oliverio and his team 
To all the men and women who have served, thank you. 
It's time to... NAME 
 for Gabe Brandner, named 1 of 11 
GAMEDAY! Let's go Big Blue!!! 
Petra and Anezka are played by the same person and I have to constantly remind myself of that because 
I'm such a fan of 
LeT militant Shamsul Viqar Teeli, a Cricketer turned 
i'm so proud of you her! i'm happy to stan an activist and a woman like Eva Green! 
Last day to bid to enjoy an exciting tasting menu with specially paired wines prepared by the wonderful 
What is this fly madness here 
A whole heap of Level 1 BA Drama & Theatre working on their annotated performance pieces 
Exeter Chiefs 31-17 Harlequins FT:The Chiefs move back to the top of the 
The waistcoat has now reached £1000 bid which is unbelievable 
Congrats to Alex Coleborn and 
 - she did her last qualifying 
Well done to our team at 
Celebrating Tesho! As he is the first 
Exactly "Slow Motion is bettter than No Motion"! Salute Andino! 
... and that's 
Amazing job by the whole team. Well done guys. 
Karma krew at the incredible “Tanja” about 
My future husband is not 
Another Tosa student named to All-State team in athletics. 
A great book I have for my daughter. At 6 she wants to be Agatha Christie, Marie Curie, Maya Angelou, Mary Kom 
Brilliant footage guys! Thanks for the mention & superb coverage...
In the West you have raised £1,750,899 as of NOW for 
10 minutes until showtime! Good luck to all our wonderful performers in tonight's Community Performance Showcase 
We are so proud of alumni project 
 congratulations to the winners 
Congratulations to the best housebuilders of the year 
We’re excited for 
We are delighted to announce that 
Good luck to our gymnastics team performing Hairspray at Fife Schools Gymnastics Festival 
Well done to the gymnasts involved in the gymnastics festival! After lots of training and hard work our routine is finished 
Literally - the only thing more disheartening than having a Tory man in power is having a Tory woman in power who 
 PARTNER | Thanks to our official sports nutrition supplier 
Thrilled to hear that 
This is a great tool for ensuring meetings are as healthy as possible 
It's Championship Sunday at the 
 Looking forward to celebrating these fantastic results with the class of 2017 at Celebration of Achievement Evening on 16th Nov. Amazing!
Really interesting event put on by 
Entertaining, thought provoking, inspiring & learning together! More top class work at the ‘Performance Parent Workshops’ with 
It was amazing to attend this summit 17 
loved this!!
Wemyss point wins the 
Congratulations to the brother 
Winner winner chicken dinner! Massive congratulations to 
And here we go with the MVP for March: 
Congratulations to all 3 of the 
 KILLED IT tonight in 
A tense negotiation... but what a victory! 
Less time stressing, more time eating. 
Congratulations to all of our new Diana Award Holders who joined the celebrations in Cardiff yesterday! 
Our Deputy Cadet of the Year, Charlie Marsh was presented with a 
Our volunteers continued the Arts Council 
POTY: Our Underage National League Player of the Year is 
Amazing double save from Gomes 
Fantastic!! How many female sports events in the world attracts a crowd of 46,286? Great day for Irish Sport! 
"Live in a world that doesn't include violence" 
Great to see such interest from both students and employers at the 2017 
Our LIT Thurles graduations are well underway! Congratulations to all our graduates! 
Congratulations to Patrick O'Grady from St.John Bosco Community College who was the winner of our recent Open Days Snapchat competition! 
Join us in welcoming the newest member of the 
And the big one 
What little green superheroes you have in 
Congratulations to San Gorgonio and Cajon High School for placing in the top 9 in Division 3A at the California State Band Championship Finals!
We spy many a GEC client & graduate on this snapshot of Brilliant Female Founders (BFFs) in Ireland - well done Team 
Temple Dairy management welcome Munster & Irish Rugby star, KEITH EARLS 
 thanks for an inspiring Halloween film season
As a past member of the (now defunct) Vampyre Society and a current member of 
Congratulations to Former Golden Bear Skipper Sam Jenkins,all very proud 
TONIGHT 8pm MORE of London’s brightest improv talent will be showing the fruits of their labor! CLASS SHOW TIME 
TOMORROW - 8pm London’s brightest improv talent will be showing the fruits of their labor! THE FA'S CLASS SHOW 
What an effort from 
Holy shit. THIS 
There it is, in black and white.What an honour for our very own 
A massive congratulations is in order for our skipper 
“I’m rejecting just being an ally. What we all need to do is be each other’s accomplice.” 
47 minutes of suffering, but these awesome Norwegian fans made it much more fun 
"It may seem obvious, but no professional football player would prepare for the Super Bowl by pulling an all-nighter, eating bad food and going drinking. Too many CEO's still do that." 
People are just fabulous aren't they 
A fantastic show. Thank you so much for coming! 
So, am late to the party but have discovered the delights of 
A huge thank you goes out to everybody involved with the 
 was AMAZING!!!!! Weldon to the cast and crew!!!! ,
This amazing little boy, James Hughes, has raised an incredible £1350 for the MDA in support of his teacher who had breast cancer 
The best VR i've seen at this years 
Now this lovely lot have their results, we want to officially welcome them to 
Preparing for drive-thru town centre 
Looking forward to trying out the recipes 
And delighted to see the much loved 
No.4 - The Waterside Inn in Bray. Ranked the UK's 4th best rated restaurant and 19th in Europe. Congrats 
Catch it while you can.Bred of Heaven at Ffwrnes 
A well-deserved beer for these wonderful chefs for cooking a great lunch for their peers today 
The newest addition to our glam Coach lineup 
“When I hear the music I can hear my wallet emptying..” 
It's that time. News-ish with 
Well done to our IT department who volunteered at 
Delighted to also announce that 
FIFA Puskas Award winner 2017: 
Our TeenTech winners enjoying their visit to 
It's the weekend 
Such an honour meeting the man behind 
Hell of an effort 
Big shout out to Andrew & Kylie 
Superb first half from 
 to when we were in 
We're THRILLED that our 
ICYMI: We announced that Jack Dixon was the third 
Good to get the bp win last night in poor condition, 
Autumn internationals: Who impressed from the 
“Putting on an Irish jersey, a country’s jersey, is a privilege."
Is that Ben Kay or Johnny Cash?The former England man carries out his 
Amazing news!! Congrats 
A day to remember for 
That. Was. A. Crazy. Exciting. Two. Days... Really insane what everyone came up with 
Honoured + Congrats Margetts Meat Market named business of the yr 
: Utility Scam Awareness Day was yesterday, but we will continue to work to educate customers and protect them from impostor utility scams every 
This is quite the honor.Congratulations again to 
Just stumbled across this 
 checks in with a perfect Graduation Success Rate and Academic Progress Rate 
Retweet to help us congratulate 
Congrats to every champion that took part in the Medibank 
Impressive young man. 
BREAKING: Today’s 
Help us celebrate La Cocina grads 
Blood, sweat and tears 
Congratulations to Vice Mayor David Luna 
Led the league in Rs, BBs, HRs.52 HRs = Most ever by a rookie127 BBs = Most ever by a rookieWinning the HR Derby = 1st time ever by a rookieWas there ever a doubt?!?!? Congrats, 
what a tremendous tuesday. 
A solid display.
legit love this video from my dude 
In his first appearance at the 
67 match winsSix titles Two Grand SlamsNo.1 in the worldBy withdrawing from the ATP Finals, 
And the winner of our 
Make every practice session count. Our players doing what they like most at the 
Alan Shearer Dementia, Football & Me is on BBC One Sunday 12 November at 22:30 GMT.” 
Seriously impressed with the interactiveness of 
YES!Tix for KNOX FORTUNE just went on sale 
Holy shit eminems snl performance was insane, 
Friday night can't come soon enough, 
Well played Bevington and Colville sounds like an exciting match! Great to have you down here! 
Well done Molly!! 
I AM IMPRESSED! 
Still over 30k raised for 
What a game by our MOM! 
Superb debut from Mike Dean against his old club 
We wish OUR marching band was cool enough to perform 
Hoodie high off the glass 
Luge on the highway? Watch the risks 
A big thanks to everyone that has listened so far! 
"Know that you have so much power and potential within you. Your task is to unlock it." 
Tully Blanchard vs. Magnum TA, in their I Quit, Cage Match, in 1985... Simply amazing!! 
 for all those cool punches and punchlines. 
!!!!!! So proud!!
My thoughts on the current events in Bortsville NY.It's a fucking shame that our society still cannot accept Digimon as it's own thing and not a Pokemon rip off.Do
 worldanimalnews (get_repost)・・・Incredible News!!! 
 i loved the podcast with 
Let's hear it for 
Good convo on how complemenatarian men fall short when talking about/supporting women. Thanks 
Was not expecting this from 
TFW you're at a conference and 
We were hooked by this brilliant on-screen duo Kazim and Jeremiah two young 
A wonderful career.All the best to former world champion and three-time Olympian 
VU researchers have just been awarded $1.38 million in the latest round of 
2017 Sports Award - Well done! When you are famous, remember us chaps. Please. 
 | Thank you to the 321 that made the trip to the 
Cold Tuesday evening match, 380 mile round trip, you were there, 
Y'all! This list is fantastic 
We're excited to help the next Executive Director of 
Thanks for everything you're doing for the kids ... you make us proud! 
Wow beautiful voice Mashallah & u looking so pretty 
Many plans in the making following this afternoon's visit to 
Massive well done to our u16 netball team who are North Powys champions after beating Llanfyllin 10-6, Welshpool 14-6, Bro Hyddgen 14-4 and Llanfair 10-5. Excellent effort girls 
A big well done to all of our pupils who represented the school so well in today’s north powys football tournament 
16s win 47-17, 14s lose 33-12. Really enjoyable afternoon of rugby, diolch 
Wins in this afternoons 14s Welsh cup & 16s RGC cup rugby matches vs Llanidloes. Thank you 
@Katbyrne7 and now it's even easier to spend your pennies with Klarna pay later 
A massive thankyou to 
Well said that man! 
 would like to add 
We’re really chuffed that our new 
Cant complain first hurling match and what a game!!! Big congrats to the minor and senior 
Undoubtedly the coaches who have played the biggest part in 
On behalf of all the scientists 
And a huge round of applause 
Very proud & honoured with the 200th presentation post game today! Delighted with the result also, some things to work on ahead of next week but 5 points v a tough Quins outfit will do nicely. Thanks to all 
The hard work paying off as Asad Shafiq continues to work on his bowling as well. Keep it up Gladiator 
Counting down to kick-off across the 
Winner winner chicken dinner! Massive congratulations to 
This Borito is delicious but it is filling... this week's OMEN by 
Doctor Doctor, give me the news: this week's OMEN by 
He's a Frei-erstarter... this week's OMEN by 
A big round of 
Okay, De'Mornay! 
HUGE CONGRATULATIONS AND WELL DONE! 
So happy for the wonderful team 
25,000 hires and counting since launch! The all-new 
Congrats to our fellas up front 
“You are now officially graduates!” 
Very necessary Pride prep 
 WOW! What a performance in 
Tom's duck breast with a potato pastry pastilla finished with a port and duck jus. 
What a great conversation.
We like your style 
Couldn't agree more! 
Absolutely stunning art happening live as we present!
Great news for Africa! 
Percy Shelley? Stop 
That's good news for us heading over tomorrow for RTR
WRITTEN IN STONE, now a couple of stone lighter, finds his winning form again 
Thrilled with three winners for the weekend! Well done to my owners and thanks to my team that get the job done every day! 
Hot off the press this morning: 
Derby Sale grad Molly The Dolly storms home to win the Mares' Novices' Hurdle 
The machine is back - FAUGHEEN, bought at the November NH Sale for €4,000 wins the Grade 1 Morgiana Hurdle 
We caught up with Assistant Trainer of 
Perfect end to the 
Wow, great job! Congrats to 
Fun filled day out  
Great first half boys..
Rafa you absolute legend..
They are certainly a credit to your school and enjoyed their visit to Hampden. 
Oops!!!! did not complete first missive...... The three of you absolutely wonderful together but you Aonghus superb 
 produce the most extraordinary theatre 
Mary Diamond is the first leader announced for 
 Sligo now has 22 firms employing people from 7 different countries. New thinking & new energy in North West 
Very proud to be on this show with such a talented team across the board. Congrats! Bravo! 
 love a good partnership 
“How To Change Your Life In 30 Days” 
Congrats to our customer 
great fun painting the town with 
Wanna give back this holiday? First, print out your free shipping label at 
"Why I Speak At Developer Conferences" by 
New DaysFresh starts and time to knuckle down and get things done!Let's Smash it 
Looking forward to it! 
Great numbers U12s tonite 
A special moment. 
Tough today but lost to the better side so well done to Met 
EO Beverley and Workforce Officer Amy have both signed up to the Gold Run 2018 
Congratulations on receiving a ribbon and bronze in sport award 
Can't believe it! great character bob, will live on in the replays. RIP Rodney. 
 | Marco Silva reserved special praise for 
Great choice of image for the front cover 
Shocked to see last years winners 
Nowadays, not only machines help humans take decisions, but they actually take them on our behalf. Our challenge is for education to change our society and make it ready for a human-robot cooperation, says 
If you want to play the best game of 
Approval from The Flash himself... 
Is this what you call quality 
Thanks for your support, Sir! 
Woop! Early Bird tickets for 
Some scenes from the wonderful children's procession yesterday in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria ... what a weekend it was and lots of beautiful creations to celebrate! 
Can't wait for this. Love 
 pulled it out the bag tonight,
'Name It' by 
Honored to make the inaugural 
My friends dd the video, so they asked me to post it for them here on twitter bcoz they don't have it but they posted it on insta too and tagged you please check.
And we meant every word. Great show! Great Cast! Great Music! Great Choreography! Great Direction! A great night out!
Thanks and shame I missed the end of the day but 
I agree and they were fantastic
People are just fabulous aren't they 
 company CEO named alongside 
A nice concise insight into the 
 | "Football should be encouraging universities to do as much research as possible." – 
3,280 of the 1 Million meals that 
Congrats to Jean Abraham who has been named as one of the top 50 leading female leaders in healthcare in the UK! Jean is Co-Chief Investigator for making personalised breast cancer diagnosis and treatment a reality at Addenbrooke's. 
Well done bro!!
Popped into brookfield farm to say goodbye to the legend neil,retiring after 30 yrs . Good luck 
77' - Zlatan is back! 
Well today is a sad day leaving Group 25 many Thanks to everyone for your support I will miss you all good luck in the future Mark 
Delighted to be on this list - congratulations to all the other finalists! 
There have been some outstanding performances from athletes at the 
Hello W E E K E N D!!!! 
How gorgeous are these 
20 players, 6 continentsDuncan Watmore becomes the latest player to join 
Many employers have spent the 12 months since Trump's election protecting their workers from his administration's policies. 
What a result for 
HolyS**tballs. Just seen this! 
Chapecoense players celebrating avoiding relegation - just one year after the plane crash. 
 | Huge thanks to the 
An impressive performance from 
Looks like Ronnie is starting a bit of domination 
To everyone who has played a part in this year's auction, Authors and bidders, we have just passed £3,000 for 
Much love bro! Congrats on storming the group no one thought you’d make it out of 
Homage paid by UEFA 
Well done to the 1st Team, who came 3rd in the county tournament, now onto the Independent Schools Cup! 
Here they are! Women’s 
Great line-up as always and some truly special displays last weekend! 
Great clip Angela! 22 new members of our female tennis army 
Manchester Development Ladies 22 - 0 Didsbury TocH. Fantastic result and well done to all the ladies playing their 1st ever rugby match! 
A strong team! Good to see Clark and Taylor make a return to strengthen England's scrum and congrats to Hunter on her 100th cap!! 
FULL TIME: Dings 20-22 CamborneA great win away for 
 Incredible achievement for this pair of champions - two of the nicest folks in 
Came to watch good game well played 
What a feeling, lads were great and credit to the club 
Great response to midweek. Top notch boys 
Zimbabweans haven't looted the shops owned by foreigners in their demonstration and marches
Tough finish, but wonderful week at the 
Action from this morning U12's fixture 
Well, this is WHY!  
"Street football changed my life"
Amazing!! Well done 
The newest addition to our glam Coach lineup 
Way to go OUSD for winning the 2017 Bobcat Cup!!! 
Goalscores : Pete landers (1) Tom Carter (1) 
Great to hear about the work you and the team are doing at the 
Great start to the qualifying stage 
Shoutout to our friend 
Thank you, Win, for everything. 
Our TeenTech winners enjoying their visit to 
A very enjoyable read! Great work 
Well said big man.
In 2-2 draw, Labi with goal & assist was MOTM.  Well deserved 
After being in the audience of 
Sold for £3,200 this is getting really exciting!! 
He's done it! 
Commentating the match for his blind best mate! 
What an effort from these two in this game! 
There are golf days... & then there are Overbury GOLF DAYS. 100+ people teed-up on The Shire London Golf Course in aid of 
Was there when it happened, seen it with my own eyes. Fair play to ya Bonno 
Well scribed Connor! 
Bruno & Jamie Steamroll into Semis of 
NEWS: A big congratulations to the Gloucestershire Cricket Board who were recently named County Board of the Year 
BEST EVER T20 BOWLING FIGURES FOR MIDDLESEX! Take a bow 
8,212 fans entered the 
Last Member Federation team standing! For the third season out of four an 
Over 8,000 tickets already sold  the England v Kazakhstan world cup qualifier in Colchester.
Finally a Case Stoney interview. All in all very impressive 
 What a year for all involved in 
Thanks a lot for the edit 
Great to see the building works at William Ruthven Secondary College in action. This is a $10 million upgrade project funded by the 
Great fun tonight at the St Joseph’s Primary School Northcote Twilight Fete with friends and family. 1980s music was a big hitwith the crowd! 
5th place in the final. Very well done boys 
Shaun Livingston going behind the back twice to the Klay three 
The final six have been chosen. First up, 
Big thanks to the staff who always make me feel part of the 
Another great morning with year 6 
Keep up the good work ! 
Leather vs Foot was the fight of the weekend, ticked every box for what you wanna see in a fight. Was a cracker 
Fair play to Eddie Hearn, he proved at the weekend he can also put in uncompetitive fights over in the USA too 
This piece of art goes really fast: 
Well done boys! 
 becomes first professional sports stadium in the world to receive LEED Platinum Certification 
 is the first professional sports stadium to receive LEED Platinum Certification 
Wayne is cleaning up North Somerset's beaches and he's on a mission to litter-pick the ENTIRE coast of the UK 
Just one finish outside the points for 
“The resolution received applause when passed.” 
 Congratulations, Sean! 
2017 Porsche Carrera Cup GB Rookie champion! Congratulations, 
 1st race of the season is over. A great effort by 
It's RACE day! @AlFaisalRacing on POLE 
What a driver. No words. @AlFaisalRacing 
Today's RHPK winners. What an amazing season 
The balcony views are the best 
A few pictures of Ashley Davies our guest demo car for the day 
You were a great finalist and epic competitor, Freek. You should be proud. 
Ladies and gentleman, 
We hope Chris gets to fulfil his dream of racing a car! Such an incredible inspiration to anyone showing his disability is no barrier 
Grab your super suit and get ready to be amazed by this brand new trailer for 
 participants are opening the door to a whole new world of magical opportunities! 
A true public servant... this is how you protect taxpayer dollars right here. 
Meet N Greet Was Awesome 
We’re excited for 
We know somebody (er... a coliseum of people) who don't want you to leave 
Meet the Birdman of Soweto aka MacBIRDIE aka Raymond Rampolokeng, our ambassador, and find out how birdwatching helped him beat poverty 
Great tribute!! It’s ok to move on just do it respectfully!! 
Dutch Professionals taking the piss with how strong they are as a team this year in 
She's simply been a beast all season long. Well deserved Dani 
Thanks to everyone at the 
So true!  Another awesome Sylvia Duckworth illustration.  
Getting set to honour our Academic All-Stars! 
Road trip snacking at its finest. 
short stack: I’m a big pancake now, i can order myselffull stack: 
I am well proud of ya and proud of - hey proceed until apprehended 
Congrats to OAC-funded artist 
HORACE ANDY / GENERAL LEVY / DAWN PENN / CONGO NATTY / NANCI &  PHOEBE 
Mine would be to my favourite artist. Why???? But 
Congrats Sulin Quant Anastas for winning the Ottawa Tourism Stars of the City Grand Prize award! Great work Sulin!!! 
Congratulations to all at 
Congratulations to Evan Dodds and Carlee McIsaac on winning our Lego Building Contest! Thank you to all who participated and raised money for the United Way!
Cyber Week Sale at 
and let's not forget when Lindsey was on his shoulders i mean i can't MARK the creativity is insane 
Wow loved everything about 
With a month to go and 25% of tickets already sold, our 2nd guest for Comedy Nicetime on 14th December 
Emily Moore and Mitchell Raihle of 
You're in for a treat, saw 
Phil Tangent - Lunar Records Podcast (Module #3) on 
In the words of 
NEWS - We are excited to announce Jake Zyrus as our newest Official Ambassador! Find out more here 
WINNER! - The winner of the 
 | Today's attendance is 33,771. Thank you for your fantastic support as always 
DID YOU KNOW? We have a new menu in Angelica - here it is..
Huge congrats to our 
From one strong and tough 
Women are 46% less likely to have a sponsor than men.
"Extra guac please!"- We support 
Middlesbrough fans who made the 10hr round trip down to Bournemouth tonight. 
A huge thank you to our amazing judges Karen Townsend, Bernard Lim and Martin Croteau 
 Dance Prof Patrick Alcedo's film 'A Piece of Paradise' won two awards 
i totally have a crush on my new Oblivion character 4 REAL 
Less time stressing, more time eating. 
What an incredible performance by 
wow.. speechless! what a result against 
What a finish from 
Thank you Beth for sharing your experience of studying 
 Excited for January, 
Cheers to women who make a difference 
Brendan Rodgers lead Celtic to equal a 100-year-old unbeaten domestic record yesterday
Nice work, guys! 
, Bay Area soccer fans! 
What a sight 300 cadets on Trafalgar Square is! 
Well done to Aimie and everyone else who spoke in our Students Debate in Birmingham last night. You're the future of 
So happy to see gender neutral washrooms at 
Great to see former 
"My verdict: This is a super awesome story." 
Jan Hendrik and I sat together on our journey to 
A touch of class from 
Here am I relaxing as if I have money. Keep inspiring us, bro 
This year's winner is NFA U-17 midfielder Joel Chew (
We're quite a fan of the latest addition to the waterfront 
Great win from the boys 
  where are you. You are the one who controls this madness... Now see what 
A massive congratulations to hugely inspirational 
This is one awesome review to top off Birmingham leg of Nativity! 
Uff, just toooo much 
Guts, grit and glory... Congratulations 
Chair getting his script ready 
Work experience is a great way to get your foot in the door and network with other people in the BBC 
So fun to have recorded 
 | Congratulations to James Milner who was presented with the 
The ultimate weekend lineup. 
What a night! Incredible performance from all the lads. Bristol City fans amazing and hopefully Hodgson enjoyed the Viking clap 
Wow! Twelve away goals in three days. 
Just kidding - wonderful strike 
...the last car that Brian O'Conner rode in Fast and Furious...
Congratulations to Anton Clarke who made his 50th appearance for 
Looking forward to spending a day/evening in 
Congratulations on completing the Wembley walk on Saturday 
 what a great night tonight...kids loved the fair and the fireworks were brilliant! 
That's what we like to hear! Nice one Matt 
 Latics fans donated food and toiletries to 
Grateful to our colleagues and Board Members who joined forces with 
 | Massive congratulations to 
Presenting 'The Grand Brighton Half Marathon'...We’re excited to announce our new headline sponsor 
Another fantastic effort. Well done 
We're very much looking forward to the Liverpool Paediatric Neurosurgical Masterclass which takes place tomorrow at the 
Youngsters' ideas for 'Healthcare in 2040' have been put into a time capsule on display at B. Braun’s new car park. Two children won certificates & vouchers for taking part - Shooters Grove Primary pupil Rafe Christian-Cox and Hoyland Primary pupil Thomas White, both aged 9. 
Hope the consultation went well! 
 please RT us to your followers and ask them to follow us so we can organise even more events so people can create even more incredible images. 
He couldn't have said it any better 
Couldn’t happen to a nicer person .. worthy of the royal treatment my friend 
 congrats mountain woman! Double double now go fetch me a turkey. Have a great holiday see you soon down the road
 your performance was electric tonight! And 
You deserve it!
Excited to be at the Glasgow Duke of Edinburgh Awards. HUGE group of YGT young people receiving their awards this evening. 
A fantastic read proud to link with 
 How good do we look though
 have just rattled us all with a belter right here as 
Woah!!! What's a 3 way contest for the 
Todd and the book of pure evil owns this ass once again. That movie was amazing 
Special thanks to East of the River Magazine for the write-up on our recent Fight For Children Week! 
Thank you for your support, 
Awesome to be here for the 
He keeps getting better. Well-deserved win for 
Congratulations, Tim Thacker! 
 A credit to the sport 
 to the Medium Baller Brand.
Congrats on two outstanding Redbird careers by this sibling duo! 
Great atmosphere at our 
Great framework to support development of acp roles across the professions supporter governance and patient safety and innovation 
No need for a poll tonight... Congrats to Mark McKee who earns the Man of the Match after an overwhelming consensus. 
Two more players on for the 
The next game for 
0-0, less than 10 minutes to go...Step up, 
Well done to everyone that auditioned tonight!! 
 Do you know someone that’s achieved something great and deserves to be next week’s Fans’ Champion? Details of how to apply below. 
"I was obsessed to be the best!"Gerrard explains how young players become great players...
And here's why you voted 
Great result for Phoenix. Ben Allen bright future 
A win is a win not the best but 3 points 
What a team performance. Completely deserved 
Good luck tonight jack 
Safe hands and feet 
Not bad young man 
One of our own, doing his ting
CORRECTION FC Bengals 7 Trabzonspor 2, 
I'm the One 
We'll dedicate those three points to our Club Secretary 
Bayern fans protesting the €100 away tickets at Anderlecht with a tifo & throwing fake notes onto the pitch 
Atletico Madrid's mascots today were not kids, but the club's oldest season tickets holders. Lovely gesture! 
Nice skills from the 
 Big Thanks to BCP Scaffolding & Safety Netting for pitchside sponsorship at Manor Road 
80 years ago today Manchester United named an academy graduate in their matchday squad. As they have for all 3,883 games since 
Minutes silence impeccably observed by both teams this morning, thanks 
Fantastic performance once again from our u13s this morning. Some great goals scored 
Great to see a few West Park faces in there! Jude and Eva are a credit to themselves, fantastic additions to our Girls Academy as coaches 
Fantastic morning for our u9s. Well done girls 
 North league table - great finishing position of 7th for Season 2017.Well done to all the coaches & players - great effort 
Never underestimate the hard work & dedication 
Superb 4-0 win today vs Cambridge Ambassadors in the cup, couldve been more if 
6-1 AmmasWell done to a very young 
9 on the bounce!Unbelievable!
Well done to all coaches 
Enjoyed a good discussion last night with 
Can’t recommend highly enough for music fans! 
Really interesting event put on by 
Excellent Spice Girls references 
Entertaining, thought provoking, inspiring & learning together! More top class work at the ‘Performance Parent Workshops’ with 
Thanks to everyone who attended today's event and well done 
Great service as always 
Bit of Sunday League revenge from 
To all the countries and citizens that welcomed and accommodated Zimbabweans during their times of need, I say thank you. Countries like South Africa, Botswana, USA, UK, Australia and others, on behalf of the Zimbabweans, accept our gratitude 
SOMIZI MHLONGO.SOMIZI DARLLLIIINNNGGGG. SOMIZI MHLONGO DARLLLIIINNNGGGG. HIS NAME IS SOMIZI MHLONGO. 
 Clap your hands! Released today in 1977, Album Of The Day is Chic's debut. 
Congrats on making your 
Full time at the Amsterdam ArenA and it's 
The 1st friend I made on the 1st day of college just put out his 1st album under his 1st name. 
All sorts of good food at this 
It's finally open! 
To understand how actions affect the 
Great game for Basetsana koDobsie 
Congratulations Lads! Well deserved 
Rapid and Dirty Danger produced the best Grime instrumentals that are STILL played today and are classics...as FIFTEEN year old teenagers in year 9. 
Completely agree! The talent to watch out for 
Proud of our CEO and Co-Founder, James, who gave a TEDx talk today at 
Cheers to the state of Kerala for providing free sanitary napkins to 300 schools & counting! "Menstrual hygiene is every girl's right.” - Chief Minister 
Congrats to legendary songwriter & friend 
 remix of prefect is 
Well done to Gunner 
GOAL! Jodie Taylor opens the scoring, meeting Mitchell's cross in the goalmouth to tap home! Great start 
The 'Wurst' Football kit 
We hope everyone is enjoying 
So proud of our incredible 
How lovely to see 
Taking your Foundation to the next level with Time Balm Full Coverage Cream Foundation 
Carpenter Johnathan Brewer (
Massively enjoyed the Paralympics!
Electrifying atmosphere & brilliant playing from 
Congratulations to this year’s 
Fantastic news!! Congratulations to all 6 composers winning these important awards including 
So well played Germany 
Big thanks to everyone that came through for 
Super impressed with the positive & resilient attitude shown by our year 7 girls netball team. MVP was Makyla 
 will host the Hockey Indoor World Cup in February 2018! Will you be there to cheer? 
A Zambian hustler can make it anywhere!!!! Any 
 You guys keep doing the great work 
The Giants' Joe Panik (5-for-6 tonight) sets a new franchise record with 12 hits in a 3-game series 
Today is the day. State Championship KHS Boys 
Going 3D w parents tonight! Fun exploring Forces/Motion @ Parent Academy 
 giving a lift to teammate 
What an incredible 48 hours... 
| Who's excited!?
Load-out complete as the final truck leaves the stadium after a truly epic night of boxing in front of a record indoor crowd!
Week 11 has featured some of the season's most dramatic comebacks, upsets, and celebrations...and it's not even close to over 
Massive well done to 
Big well done to our Year 7 girls football winners... 
Fashion show at lunch! 
What an amazing 3 weeks of year 8 sports hall 
Well done for being so brave 
Well done to our Wembley students! Fantastic amount raised for 
 Liverpool Ladies scoop Partnership of the Year accolade at the Football Business Awards: 
We are delighted to have won Best Brand Activation Involving Football at the 
We're thrilled to be on 
Congratulations to the John's team for getting through to the quarter finals in last night's 
What a match official panel we have for turning out for Micky Steele-Bodger 
Millie Mackintosh has hinted at some VERY exciting news 
Wigan's Ryan Colclough tonight scored a brace before being substituted on 55 minutes, sprinted down the tunnel to make it in time to see the birth of his son, still in full kit 
So in last 24hrs 
A memorable evening at the 
Big congrats to Jason and well done to all nominees 
(2/2) 2nd round of thanks to our 
One of the coolest and most difficult buzzer beaters I've seen!! 
"The need is so much greater than we even realized". 
If everyone sitting behind their keyboards typing "It won't make any difference" picked up the phone and called their lawmakers to save 
Matthew Kid highlights brilliantly the good, the bad, and the ugly of co-production 
Great to see young people in the lead in our HeadStart programme 
Thank you to all at 
Thank you all for your fantastic support of this event and your continued efforts to help 
Huge thanks to all who took part in 
Congratulations to the St. Cloud Area Adapted Soccer Team on a fantastic regular season! They are going to be playing their first match in the state tournament as the #2 NW seed this Friday, November 17th. Good luck! 
Four straight home sweeps to start the season 
Congrats to our Student-Athletes of the Week, Jeff Gladney of 
Two rounds of applause for a back-to-back award winner 
When you happen to get interviewed during the 2 weeks of the year that your 18 year old intern actually has you in Ketosis 
Two years In a row in a final is nothing to take for granted. Well done 
iPhone X is here! A big thank-you to all our customers in Sydney, and everyone turning out around the world Friday! 
, Bay Area soccer fans! 
It’s going nuts in here 
So incredibly proud of the whole 
What a player, what a career. Lot of 
Congratulations MC College Graduates!! YOU DID IT!!! 
Mates put it on pole position! 
Congratulations Nick! I know u go back way longer but I first remember you doing a feature for Rothmans Honda on my mate 
Studio is now only 10% junk room! Time for some writing 
Soundcheck dinner, thanks to the Troubadour 
guess who’s back, back again 
 Congratulations to John McGovern for winning the Lifetime Achievement Award at the 
 BEST POP ACT Presented by 
My friends dd the video, so they asked me to post it for them here on twitter bcoz they don't have it but they posted it on insta too and tagged you please check.
 getting down, set had me groovin' 
Thanks for your support, Sir! 
Congratulations to the U15's Soccer team who beat Ardgillan CC 9-0 today. Goal scorers were; 3 x S. Daly 2 x S. McIntyre1 x Z. Hemryck1 x A. Hannon1 x L. Strong1 x O. O'BrienGirl of the match - S. McIntyre
Congratulations to the U19's Soccer team who defeated Scoil Mhuire in the Leinster Senior Cup today! Goal scorers were;A.Brophy x 3 J. Cosgrave x 1 Well done girls 
On stage at the Squat Pen 
Choreography done by the performers themselves! 
Huge congrats to our very own Philip Orme who has won Bronze in the Painting and Decorating National Final with 
Omg. This tune is such a banger 
Ladies and gentlemen I give you 
Winners of the 6pc ViperTrim Paint Brush Set are 
Absolutely! FoH makes all the difference. Big up to Alex the man! 
Wasn't our day today...  still the best footballing side at this level. Immense credit to the superb management/coaching team, under Booey's leadership, to keep this team of talented winners inspired week-in week-out for the past four + seasons is some achievement. 
Great to see former 
These election results got me amped! Our next president will be a trans biracial DREAMer and I 
So proud of everyone involved in this! You saw a problem and are doing all you can to make a change!
Thanks to AnnMarie & the team 
Totally overwhelmed with the amount of love & support over the last few days! Never been more proud to be a 
Congratulations to the six CoderDojo Girls who have been shortlisted for the European Digital Girl of the Year! 
Fantastic; well done everyone! 
Everybody is an influencer says 
This has made my NewYear - voted the Best Wine Outlet 2015 by 
Why Men Aren’t Funny 
Fantastic evening celebrating achievement of staff, partners & volunteers 
A fantastic effort for an exceptional man & his family. Congratulations to all who made this happen 
I never get complacent about receiving this, well done team 
Our band name is on some posters on some walls. 
Enjoy the tastiest steak in town at 
 We have such a generous and caring community! 
Well done to St Columban’s past pupil Lauren Clarke awarded best player in the division! 
what a treat to appear on my timeline! never thought i'd see my favourite queen (Katya) appearing in The Paris Review 
Great job ladies!! 
That was AWESOME!! Ladies killed it! 
It's no surprise that Manuel Senni's 2017 
It's Saturday and if that doesn't call for scallion pancakes we're not sure what does.
Love the love for 
Congrats to Cheryl, the Georgia Lottery $1 Million Challenge grand prize winner this year! Cheryl was the winner of the $5,000 season-ending drawing and was presented with the check on the field at 
Hai Bà Trưng was still on 
Give it up for these 
You are the BEST for all the help you gave I can’t say enough about you so awesome 
 just watched this on 
Strong second place for 
I was lucky enough to see this show when I visited LA recently 
Super Excited Network Team today after being awarded a 
Well played, lads! 
Congratulations to you both for such a long and valuable service in the nhs helping improve Liverpool lives  !
Two time World Champion 
Our students loved the 
unbelievable numbers at Lord Jersey training tonight!
Fantastic session tonight using 
If anyone ever doubts whether 
A pub in Wimbledon will be offering a free meal to anyone alone this 
Well done James NesbittWhat a lovely man
IMI project success: 
Really great evidence based piece by Dr. Laffoy from 
Tough way to end what has been a fantastic 
 Thank you to all the travelling fans. A good point taken from Hillsborough... We go again Tuesday 
A brilliant final RND 68(-4) by MU’s Harry Gillivan to finish 5th
Leo's vanilla buttermilk panna cotta has hit the sweet spot for 
In his first appearance at the 
- Federer reaches 14th semi-final in 15 appearances 
67 match winsSix titles Two Grand SlamsNo.1 in the worldBy withdrawing from the ATP Finals, 
Federer claims his 50th match win of the season as Zverev rallies for debut victory 
WOW, thank you 
Looking fabulous as always 
 Harry Dolman OBE is the subject of a new book, which launches next week. 
Well looks like the AFC East is going to the Patriots again 
Well done to our group member Sophia Mc on her fantastic feature on her.ie 
News | Big congrats to 
Many many congrats to 
These tips were OH SO GOOD!!! Watch + improve your short game = happiness 
Paula Plum (CFA’76) prize-winning actor is currently playing Madame Pernelle in the Huntington Theatre Company’s new production of Molière’s comedic masterpiece Tartuffe, running through Dec. 10 at the Huntington Avenue Theatre. 
ALUMNI SPOTLIGHT: The Tony Award-winning play Indecent comes to GREAT PERFORMANCES, Fri, Nov 17 at 9 p.m. on PBS. Christopher Akerlind (CFA’85) won the Tony for Best Lighting Design of a Play for this production. 
Visiting Artist - Tom Sachs gives a talk on Wednesday, Nov. 29! Tom Sachs is an interdisciplinary artist known for his intricate, hand-built reconstructions of American cultural detritus. 
Registration opens tomorrow, Nov 12! CFA FA 100 is a new course and is open to CFA freshmen + 1st-year transfer students. 
New course: CFA FA 100. Find your voice together. Build community. Team-taught by 3 CFA Faculty members. Registration opens Nov 12! 
Really enjoyed Blade Runner 2049! Denis is one heck of a director! 
Congrats to our 2 brilliant Jack Petchey award winners. They've got all kinds of fun planned for Gap with the award grant! 
 This message needs to be incorporated into every professional training programme, & CPD, that leads to working with children & young people 
Amazing! Thanks everyone 
A bunch of talented students 
ORNL wins nine R&D 100 Awards 
PBIS in the house! Great job! 
Have made a tactical decision to stop watching Ireland playing football & start watching that show where all those celebs get stoned together 
The last Loz crowd shot of this tour and it's a blinder. The amazing people of Mexico City, thank you to all who came along!! 
What a pic! Congrats to 
Well to celebrate the launch of my new venture 
We know how much you enjoy seeing photos of Ireland at its best on our weather forecasts. You can savour them for a whole year now, with our FREE 2018 calendar, available with next weeks 
Some snappy snaps of 
Congrats to the team 
 awaiting a fantabulous evening of wonderfulness using 
Luke, you're the resuscitator of classics! 
ToneDen will match every clap this post receives with a $0.25 donation to charity this month. 
Did you hear? 
Shouts to ppl bringing the burner to thanksgiving dinner Just 
WOW, Mr. Mo! That's amazing. Huge congratulations all around! 
And that’s how you make a music video … 
- The Middle School play-What a fantastic performance! Bravo! 
demarvells is loud and vulnerable female voice fronting gritty rock & roll! EP out today! 
Omotesando wins the last for 
A massive congratulations to Richard Kingscote, who rides Makaarim to victory in the the 
Two Weeks wins the 
Congratulations to Terry Doherty of 
We all need a retirement plan and horses are no different
Nelson Mandela Bay under the leadership of Mayor 
All the gear and no fear 
Congratulations to top jockey 
A big thank you to everyone who came to 
Great work with Martyn today! 
Not surprised. Outstanding restaurant. Has quickly become a huge favourite for us Caerphilly residents 
Thanks for your help 
 Some absolutely fantastic volunteers and coaches listed here 
So excited to be here for the 
Well done and thank you to 
‘It’s about everybody, not just the convenient ones - not the convenient staff, not the convenient students, everyone.’ 
Funky Brass are back 
THERE'S A WEEK TO GO BEFORE WE OPEN THE DOORS TO OUR NEW VENUE (WE'RE SHOUTING BECAUSE WE'RE EXCITED) 
Whoop whoop! Here goes our class (Dutch course) September-December 2017 batch! 
You know you've *finally* made it when you see yourself in the 
: The young friends of the 
This beautiful thing just arrived: Countour & Shape EP by 
Amazing gig, congratulations all of you! 
Nice job, Sam! 
INTERNATIONALS// Glamorgan's 2018 International fixtures continue to sell at a record pace 
 Clarke Carlisle made an emotional return to 
Mo' highlights from 
What a weekend in New Orleans! 
 is grateful to Hon’ble Minister for endorsing this timely proposal. Millet crops are climate-resilient and their promotion would help small-holder (mostly tribal) farmers. Being nutri-dense, these smart-crops are good for consumers. An excellent move by 
Fabulous article recognising the wonderful work you do 
Great journey poster from 
What a fab way to end 
Tony talking about how important Rachel Annals contribution is to 
The Pride of a Nation: Areruya Joseph, winner of this year's edition of 
Prize.. 2 tickets for The Lion The Witch and the Wardrobe 
Congratulations George Saunders! 
To everyone who has played a part in this year's auction, Authors and bidders, we have just passed £3,000 for 
San Diego Stars are “1 for 1” as PW All American Marcelo Mayer (pictured) was identified from the 
40 carries. 275 rushing yards. And he had the flu!On this day 40 years ago, Walter Payton set the single-game rushing record! 
"I asked myself, why was I so unlucky to be born in Germany?!" This is so good, & so very timely. Comic book artist Reinhard Kleist on Europe's refugee crisis: 
We know somebody (er... a coliseum of people) who don't want you to leave 
Costa Rica has run on 100% renewable energy for 300 days. 
Let me remind you that 
This speaks volumes!!  
"Journal writing in my class is safe, and it is forgiving." Beth, congrats on your first published piece and I look forward to reading more from you. 
 this made me think of our CTIs where everyone gets a standing ovation! 
That's one way for a sea plane to take off from land
Congrats on a great year, Tommy! 
SHSBSOC JVB w/ 1-0 win over Jackson...Fraser from Whitbred...Kaiser w/ the clean sheet...finish season w/12-2-1 record
LET’S GOOO 
After being tossed in useless multi-man matches, I'm finally making my (overdue) 
What a save! 
If you know, you know.Hands down, the best use of 280 characters yet. 
Big shout-out to everyone who took part in 
Get 20% off of 
No-one told me life was gonna be this waaaaay 
An amazing play in partnership with 
“Proceed until apprehended” 
It's not my favourite sport but got to say that Scotland v All Blacks game was brilliant viewing and Scotland really do play some cracking rugby these days 
As the opportunities sink in 4 
Great news on the back of 
Joe was a victim of fraud living within County Durham whose confidence was low, he fought back and has helped raise awareness of fraud to 1000s across the UK. He is one of approx. 75 SCAMbassadors in the UK! Well done Joe 
Just 3 days to 
Massive happy birthday halloween love to 
Glen foot and josh leather 
The power of Friends groups...enjoying, nurturing and protecting our treasured parks & greenspaces - thank you 
Congratulations to 23 Food & Beverage Innovators who landed the 
Shoutout to our friend 
Pretty cool that a 
A million thanks to the American twitter friend who has done just that! Staggered. 
 delighted to bring STEAM Science Tech Eng Art & Maths to 
Licence fee right there. 
DINO MAAMRIA | Message to the fans. 
TEAM OF THE DAY: Saturday's 
Some great work going on for young people 7 days a week. Amazingly committed team 
A touch of class from 
We hope everyone is enjoying 
Really enjoyed "The Next Jamie Vardy" @sky1 doc of 
Fantastic achievement and fully deserved. 
Dyer does the business against 
 recorded their third win of the 
FT: All over! Superb win. 
Songs from our Guest DJ with 
Discovery artists only on last week's Top Ten! 
FULL-TIME: Swans Ladies 6-0 
Just spotted you three and Ian, good job ladies 
FAW Awards evening with 
Well done to NPTC Swans Ladies Football Academy coming away with a 3-1 victory over Gower College today
Full time: Swans Ladies 15-0 AFC Porth Ladies 
FULL TIME: Swans Ladies 3-0 
So excited to have two shows up for Best Specialist Music Show at 
Congrats to the team behind our [Hi-Maintenance] film for 
Can’t put into work the committment, effort & hard work of our 1st class committee members and volunteers put in for our club. We will make sure we will put in a performance for you today 
Another fine finish from 
Children & staff super excited to have master illustrator & author 
We’re willing you all on 
Amazing work transforming lives of child amputees, campaigning for prosthetics 
Have you seen some of the amazing inventions that 
Surely the nicest man in pop? 
Keep it up, guys 
The wonderful people at 
Amazinggg time with Great Cause. The change is about to begin 
Congrats to “The Neighbours” team who won 
All of us can learn a thing or two about not going ballistic everytime someone makes a comment. Relax. Breathe. Thank you for setting an example for the rest of the nation 
Congratulations to these change makers 
Hindi medium collects Rs 41.77 cr in 12 days;Rs 2.22 cr on 12th day. SUPER HIT  
Have a watch of me & 
 | Young Toby Nye presented 
"This is not the role of the voluntary sector. We will not be complicit in a scheme which results in further adversity and punishment for vulnerable people." 
Just what we needed today 
Proud of the guys yesterday! That's how a team fight together! 
Drama, acrobatics and smiles at the finish. What an effort! 
The Zimbabwe military acted with Precision, in Wisdom, forbearance, discipline and resoluteness 
Yes. Yes. And YES.We couldn't have said it better ourselves, 
Eaton Gordon from @warkscb receives a Special Recognition Award. A coach since we started in 2005, he played a huge role in the development of 
Yum!! Brilliant new 
Train late again? Japanese commuters got an apology when a train left 20 seconds early. 
This Thanksgiving weekend, discover 
Critics are cheering for Auggie! 
Is there anything better than livetweeting overheard weird/bad dates? It is my fav twitter genre, and this is a glorious example 
Looks brilliant! Glad you found it so inspiring Jemma 
A huge thanks to all those who made the trip out to support us tonight! 
Congrats on an incredible career Tom! 
A dive to be truly proud of... 
Thank you to 9-year-old Lily who made the journey from Yorkshire to The Stoop to watch the 
"LADIES&GENTLEMEN 
After an epic 16 horse jump-off, it's Steve Guerdat and the awesome Hannah who emerge victorious at the 
A year ago we took to the stage in Trafalgar Square with our friends from 
Great football played by both teams. 
Congratulations to CherryBrook on the victory against our u16s today 
Great performance from the U16'S last night. A 3-0 victory over Merseyside, with Holly bagging a hat trick. POM: Holly/Emma 
 brilliant brilliant. Inspiring for all u16/ u17 teams. C'mon England!
Great to see that our Olympic , World Commonwealth & European Champion, British Long Jump Record Holder (8.51m) 
The whistle blows!! Superb effort the winner 
Keep up the great work Martin and all who took part - esp the 
In loving memory of my old mate 
Fantastic free kick from 
The way it should be. Very nice touch 
Narrated by: Robbie Macnab - 
Congratulations to Magnus Bradbury, who has been named as your Edinburgh Rugby captain for the 2017/18 season 
On behalf of all the scientists 
And a huge round of applause 
: Kathryn Greenslade breaks her second BUCS record of the evening! 
: "Another one!"Edinbrugh's Lucy Hope this time with a 27.07 in the women's 50m backstroke final 
Millie Mackintosh has hinted at some VERY exciting news 
Camila Cabello!! The whole set, dancer, stage concept, what a performance! 
Fair play to this guy does a lot for his club and the community 
Before and after photos from Cheese night 
RE TWEET PLEASE!! 
Thanks to all the 
Abertillery paramedic Cliff Powis was awarded the British Empire Medal yesterday. Congratulations Cliff, we're all extremely proud of you! 
Delighted Kenny's doing well 
Wolves U23s 4 Norwich City U23s 2.Well done lads 
 away win, 3 points, top of the Championship. Well done lads 
What a fantastic thing this is. Absolutely love it.Feeling crazy productive and inspired listening to Ludacris talk.Sensational work!
Excellent that the Dolphin Centre are helping 
 Clap your hands! Released today in 1977, Album Of The Day is Chic's debut. 
Great to read 2 new articles on 
Dig deep! It's the ULTIMATE 
top scorers today with 3 
And, from us, a few photos of the 752 
Winner winner chicken dinner! Massive congratulations to 
Here’s our team building a school in Nepal as part of our international challenge & raising £216k for 
Rather pleasing to represent three contributors to this nice list! 
Congratulations Sir Mo - richly deserved! 
Celebrating long service awards 
October's Goal of the Month was GOAL C - by 
Six years ago today, Brad Jones' six-year-old son Luca died of leukemia.Feyenoord fans paid him a breathtaking tribute tonight. 
Sitting at home reading tweets.... Why Don't You... Do our 
Congratulations to our Silver Duke of Edinburgh Award winners 
Well done to our Bronze Duke of Edinburgh Award winners 
Fantastic to see so many girls being inspired by our very own experts Lyn Scott and Sarah Bradon 
In Birmingham with a room STUFFED TO THE BRIM with 
Girls 50m free: Jess F 42.55, Paulina 41.00, Jess E 38.90, Lyla 38.25, Zoe E 35.94, Josie 34.11, Isabelle F 32.54. Girls 100m back: Jess F 1.48.00. 
Amazing double save from Gomes 
The sheep dip during the Commando Challenge this morning!! 
IBM supports girl power! Did you know they hired females 29 years before the equal pay act? 
Today was the first day that I started to feel good! 
Yes! I will be at 
What a night! Incredible performance from all the lads. Bristol City fans amazing and hopefully Hodgson enjoyed the Viking clap 
This Tulum resort is paradise. 
This is a must read article profiling the seriously talented 
What a great way to start the week! 
These young women are the future of refereeing! 
Thanks so much to 
Great day @ The Dutch testing the new 
 Tonight’s attendance here at The Racecourse Ground is 3,896 with 26 
Electrifying atmosphere & brilliant playing from 
Fantastic Ldn premiere of 
We’re so proud of our 
 is proud to support the Terrence Higgins Trust for World AIDS Day on 1st December. As part of the 
 DTR Season 2: dropping on Thanksgiving day. 
The UK's fastest-selling album of 2017 by a female artist 
's top influencers including 
Listening to Hon. 
Aidan Nolan - a volunteer with the Homegrown National Park Project and now the Butterflyway Project - receives Aster Award for dedication to connecting communities to the environment.
The hometown girl in front of her hometown crowd! 
 great day out ! Loved every single car on display ! 
“When I hear the music I can hear my wallet emptying..” 
An elite competitor from the Midwest, welcome 
“Far away from home but where you belong”Thanks for all your support tonight, dear 
 Stargazing is such a wonderful song and the videoclip is just too good 
 Congratulations to our teams, who picked up 6 nominations at this year's 
Let’s take a trip down memory lane. Favorite memory + favorite song… GO 
Probably the best speech I've ever heard at a YJC 
That’s all we’ve got time for! Thanks for your questions 
Easter treats from our favourite production team 
Aberdeen at the forefront of medical technology once again. Plaudits to all involved. 
What a brave performance from all the Scotland players, but none braver than 
Absolutely delighted to have won BEST STREET FOOD 2017 at the 
 The miracle try which has gone viral.
Great pair of vellies as well
Congratulations to Prof Hilary Hoey, Director of Professional Competence & Former Dean of the Faculty of Paediatrics 
Everyone's a winner 
All ready to go for Award presentations to the key participants from 
Congratulations Dr Jannicke Mellin- Olsen who delivered the Winter College Lecture today in 
Starring role for Newcastle's very own young ambassadors 
Such a trill for our team 
Important work done by this good doggo 
"Gender (in)equality can make or break entire communities". Thank you 
We’re celebrating into the weekend with Pat Durkin, who’s been a part of the 
Give 90 seconds of your day to one of the races of the year...
Game-winning goal. Andreas Assiotis of 
267 laps. 400 miles. HERE 
If u missed any of 
So many amazing people on one stage!! 
A first class sauce and praise from all three judges... 
Brett's roasted rump of beef with pomme puree, cavolo nero and a cauliflower cheese with truffle and bone marrow. 
#1 Bestseller for the excellent 
Excited to see that the latest addition to 
Congratulations to Connor who has received a fantastic offer to study Law at 
Congratulations to Tier who has just received a fantastic offer to study Scenography and Theatre Design at 
Loved watching talented deaf pupils from 
 | Congratulations to James Milner who was presented with the 
We appreciate the love boss 
Coming up quick on Dec. 7, the 
!!!!!! So proud!!
Heading into the weekend like... Ayyy 
"You just felt every time he was on the field, every time he touched the ball, that he was going to do something special."Thanks for the memories, 
 via rollingstone, GOD BLESS! 
Tomorrow we celebrate with our OC co-founders, as they're honored at the 
EMIIILLLLLYYYYYYY!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!No one deserves more than 
If life were narrated: "She goes in for the bite, she scoops, she SMILES. And another perfect landing for a perfect 10/10!" 
Tweet and RT with 
Huge congrats to our partners and friends at 
Great to see female pharmacists continuing to represent our industry strongly at 
Huge congrats to Premium member @EliseApollini for picking up the Young Business Women's Award last night 
Well done to the Merrylands HS staff & students, especially Mr Clarke, for organising a fantastic Prospect Zone Athletics Carnival 
People's choice award 
 BEST MALE VOCALIST Presented by 
 BEST POP ACT Presented by 
And that is how it's done 
2 time trivia champ sizzle going to miss @MorningGlorySEN team. Well done gents, couple of great fellas and loved whenever I was on show 
ICYMI: England to face 
A good deed from 
Well done by both Trevor & Cory 
Awesome gesture and generosity of 
Amazing match, thank you 
My new policy on deleting rude/abusive comments:
Three cheers for femininity 
Give 3 hours of your time to fight hunger 
Well I wasn't expecting that. There are not enough words to explain how amazing the show was, such a talented bunch of dancers, gymnasts & musicians! If you get the chance to see 
Yes I know! But we'll have our day in the sun when we Reclaim the Ashes! 
Big thanks to everyone who made 
How many other elite sport stars volunteer at their local 
Tully Blanchard vs. Magnum TA, in their I Quit, Cage Match, in 1985... Simply amazing!! 
Wigan's Ryan Colclough scored a braced last night, only to then be subbed off and make it in time to witness the birth of his baby son 
Commitment right there Thomas! 
Way to go, Jake. 
"We need to teach children how to think, not what to think" 
Such a well deserved win in such a great category! Are we the winners tho for having such amazing volunteers? 
Exciting launch of adv clinical practice framework across professions-supports governance and safety. Fab collaborative work 
Two true Champions. 
“Best PD” - that deserves a round of applause! Congrats & good luck for the next 16 weeks! 
Love the love for 
Insane score! Way to go 
Real recognize real.Congrats to Adam on the 
Well, this is WHY!  
Shalane Flanagan FTW in the 
ICYMI: We heard some truly inspiring stories at a memorable 
Last nights look on 
Last week we received a record number of online applications for 
A modern player would have gone down 5 times there ! 
Happy with this from last night's 
He got a steal with his shoe in the other hand 
Thanks for the massive support... 
Just what we needed today 
Proud of the guys yesterday! That's how a team fight together! 
We'll dedicate those three points to our Club Secretary 
So so happy for 
Thanks so much! It was awesome 
Fan-made Overwatch Hearthstone cards 
You’ve seen 73 questions with Jet and Helga ...Now it’s 
And that’s how you make a music video … 
The incredibly sturdy and artistic trophy finally arrived today!  We love it. Thank you to 
Monday made it's way back & so
How exciting!!
Despite falling short against 
Thanks to everyone who's been part of our Rez Infinite Area_ Capture Contest 
Thank you to everyone who helped out yesterday. Helping to setup, run a stall, clear up, transport gear or whatever, makes a difference! 
Awesome set tonight from the amazing 
A huge thank you to everyone who ‘Bid with the BID’ in aid of the 
No.3 - This award goes to another Bray restaurant, The Fat Duck, which also ranked 12th in the World! 
No.4 - The Waterside Inn in Bray. Ranked the UK's 4th best rated restaurant and 19th in Europe. Congrats 
Fantastic finish to this year's 
Retweet to WIN 2 tickets to 
 Such a moving performance, well done Rob! Time for a Q&A with 
10 minutes until showtime! Good luck to all our wonderful performers in tonight's Community Performance Showcase 
Congrats! You guys were wicked live in concert... Gonna get this now! 
Thanks for having me! The film has a incredible cast and is full of great performances. Very funny 
Excited to announce our very own 
Shoutout to our friend 
Great work everyone involved . Great to see so many kids involved 
Leinster v Munster in a full aviva stadium .This is going to be a cracker 
She's comin back!!!
Well done Yr 5! Learning hockey skills, they were so good they got to have a mini game! 
Wow £21,000 raised for all ready 
 scores the SXSW hit documentary 
Awesome to see the support for 
SRC now No 2 in the UK in the medals table. Congratulations to our students and our staff who support them so well 
We love a project name pun! Top work 
What a star Dave Johns 
We agree Dot! 
NEWS | People from across Scotland and worldwide have applied to volunteer at 
Last but not least, congrats to the 2017 
Congrats to our customer - 
We are very proud of our customer - 
I just want to say a very happy 
A few audience snaps from this year’s 
We also need to shoutout a MEGA thanks to the always outstanding 
Huge congratulations to the 
This year’s award sponsors have been a delight to partner up with. Massive thanks to 
A huge shoutout to the 
A huge thanks to our headline supporter 
With Leebo & the skin n’ blister enjoying another gorgeous dinner 
Definitely a brand to watch out for the whole team is in love with 
And on the run goes against 
Most of the headlines will understandably focus on a Hammers home hammering; but what a magnificent night for 
Check out the Governor-General’s class of 2017/18 
This Startup Teaches Domestic Violence Survivors To Be Entrepreneurs: 
That'll do, 
It’s live! Go watch a recap of our amazing weekend in Del Mar, thank you 
8,212 fans entered the 
Check back at 3:25pm PT today as we live tweet with 
Honoured to be a guest of 
 Awesome piece by NYO Composer Morgan for 
Wow, great line-up of successful projects at 
There was not a single no comply in that video! 
This is big! Well done to 
And now she's been named the West Australian Young Australian of the Year!What a night for 
 well done australia!
Tune in right this moment for a crazy guestmix by 
'PESP' is a fantastic 
Congratulations Margaret Palmer! The Community Award winner 
Ben Creagh will lead the new RLPA/NRL Financial Program after joining the 
 Congratulations on winning the MVP award at the Florida Classic! 
Mōrena! We’re all set up & ready to go here at 
What a crowd! 
Two Wheels Are Better Than One 
Big congrats on this achievement 
What an amazing night for 
Say it AGAIN for the people in the back 
We are so proud! 
We're thrilled for the 
Great partnership for today’s Specialty Tuesday.  Janet from Hunter Douglas sharing new product knowledge. 
Billericay Town form:WWWWWWWDWWWDWWDWWWDDWWWL
Jill came to me over a year ago. She is now 4 sizes lighter than she used to be, thanks to her commitment to getting healthy and fit. Amazing or what? 
Our new D28 associate Ryan already getting praise for Excellent Customer Service 
Congrats to Miguel Almirón on being named 
 is the first professional sports stadium to receive LEED Platinum Certification 
 becomes first professional sports stadium in the world to receive LEED Platinum Certification 
Is it just me or is Liam off his head in the graham norton show?? Lol 
 This week's Big Build reminded me that people are inherently good 
loved this!!
Great character to come back and get a point against a tough Chelsea side 
Super display of goalkeeping from Sophie this sunday 
Great start to the season for the U10's. 3 wins out of 4 and loving the team attitude and improvements in our passing game 
Fantastic game this morning with our 
Good luck girls. Enjoy 
Well done girls, great win this morning for Team Brazil in our own internal tournament 
Well done today girls although all lost by the odd goal;U9’s 1-0U10’s 2-1U11’s 2-1Great performances all round 
Very proud of you girls 
Don't mind me.....just pointing to the greatest fans in the world! 
Another successful week of collections for the Friary! Thank you 
 U18s won 3-0 over Burton Albion! 
Thanks for The Memories and above all friendship  , 2017 wrote you an amazing Final Script and my God you deserved it 
Effie, you are awesome 
Epic road trip to Yeovil , 
Flawless has 8 letters & so does Ria Jones.Coincidence? I think not.An utter privelege to witness this afternoon's masterclass 
So proud that the lovely 
Cesc Fabregas proving that intelligence makes up for a lack of speed... 
Great sportsmanship from the Man Utd players this 
Sorry about that, all sorted now! Hope you enjoy your Saturday workouts 
And S T R E T C H 
Three times world and European champion Elinor Barker, and Geraint Thomas, first Welsh cyclist to wear the yellow jersey at the Tour De France shortlisted for Wales Sports Personality of the Year 
We published our 8000th article earlier today!!! Having such a great team of contributors makes this possible. Thanks to all of our readers 
A League Scratch Results1st: Zac Bridges2nd: Matt Burke3rd: James CoddThey are young, but they are very fast and part of 
Awesome talk on enhancing employee experiences - and how bots can help 
Great to have you Louise you did fab!! 
“You can never achieve anything in life if you don’t put yourself forward” 
Who's heading to 
 for Charlie Guest! She's just won her first race of this Olympic season and you'll read all about her journey... 
Buzzing & Never been this excited to put my "school uniform" on 2years in a row!! 
One of our favourite moments of the 
350 Grands Prix to his name & he's still racking up the podiums...
On the up... Congratulations to 
Better “enum” column support coming in Laravel 5.6 migrations! 
We've got to give it to 
Massive respect, pal. I'm sure the street people you meet will open a lot of eyes to the reality. 
In case you missed it... Today we introduced 
Well done Hannah this is great. People from 
 amazingggg garments on today's shoot.. 
Great pictures of a fantastic course! 
ICYMI: Clemmie Perry received the Tampa Bay Lightning Community Hero Award! 
Here they are...Our Q Awards winners! 
This is welcome news for the workers & for Fife. 
GOOD LUCK to our girls football team playing in the County Finals today!!
Approval from The Flash himself... 
Literally cannot wait! 
Boss night with the family at the Hilton charity star ball last night 
ICYMI: Congratulations to South Africa on defending their 
Congratulations to Lloyd today a great 1500m run 
A massive congrats to 
Had the chance to stand in 
Following the AGM on Thursday, we are delighted to announce that Sherri Church was unanimously endorsed as our first female President.Sherri, has previously held office as Secretary and Chairman of the Show, we all wish her well 
Well done lovely. Showcasing some of Bristol's finest. So want to make it to the next one 
WIN a £50 voucher! 
Baby it's cold outside but the 
This was Simon Armitage's opening poem at 
Merit Award: North Transfer Station by 
Merit Award: Wanapum Heritage Center by 
Merit Award: University of Iowa Voxman Music Building by @lmnarchitect. 
A Merit Award goes to 100 Stewart Hotel and Apartments by 
If I’m a better storyteller today than I was 3 weeks ago it’s down to 
 2017 is the perfect time to introduce you to our inspirational residents who attend Active Ageing sessions from 
Huge congrats to all involved, including our own 
Excellent performance Y5 football. Exciting game and showed great determination against a quality team. 
You man of the match tonight, with 46% of the vote, is 
An inspiring evening - here’s to the next 30 years! 
And great to see this too - for magnificent leadership on and off pitch 
More international action for 
If you watch one thing this 
The Covered End choir came up trumps with a new song for Ahmed Kashi last night 
We've got something coming today for all those signed up to our mailing list 
Our Maroon Tracksuit is already proving to be a 
A fantastic FREE new programme for young single parents across Merseyside from 
 pro-choice draft bill to liberalize legal 
Productive CEPN meeting today with an update on Simulation training offered at 
Working on your ball skills on the treadmill. 
I'm incredibly proud to be part of this bit of BH History! Well done Mo 
Warm welcome to Prof 
 did extremely well in her poster and oral presentation 
Congratulations on all your incredible work Maggie 
Interesting to read in ‘Start with Why’ that Southwest Airlines a company renowned for customer focus, does not, believe the customer is always right. Southwest will not tolerate anyone that abuses their staff. They would rather that customer fly on a different airline. 
Our JROTC Drill Team competed today at YHS Drill Meet. They left the Reservation with two 1st place trophies! 
So excited for the 
Day 8: Your DECA MentorS/O to 
Congrats Sulin Quant Anastas for winning the Ottawa Tourism Stars of the City Grand Prize award! Great work Sulin!!! 
RETWEET if you’re High School Football Team is Playoff Bound!!!
Paul Okon has just put on 'Horses' in the 
Huge thanks to our incredible auctioneer 
Great start to the night! Thank YOU 
YES!Tix for KNOX FORTUNE just went on sale 
"Halfway through his first season in the league, he has become the NFL’s best punt returner."Well done, 
We are lucky to have college hockey's best fans! Today, we are proud to honor 
Nailed it... again! 
What a save! 
Congrats to my buddy  
Give it up for these 
Pathfinder! Pioneer! Warrior! Respect.Kudos Brian on an unprecedented XC career at 
 We can't wait to hear your beats, 
Thanks for everything you're doing for the kids ... you make us proud! 
So proud of alum 
Overwhelmed by the donations and generosity so far!Yinz are the best. 
The 1st winner at the 
Our congratulations, as well, to 
Inspiring panels today at 
Amazing impact our letterman are making in the community and on campus! Proud of you 
Trevor Williams' first career pick 
"Journalists must educate themselves. We need more deep listening to get the real stories." 
The highlight was being shown round the 
Another winner in our treasure hunt!!!... Well done jeff
10/10!!!! Great to hear!!! 
We have a winner!!! 
Excellent job well done to gemma stopped a potential shop lifter on self serve!! 
What an amazing achievement, well done and thanks to everyone who supported him throughout 
Knitting and Stitching, 
Congrats from across the state! 
From one Floridian to another, here's some friendly advice! 
I just watched Krisha. My lord I’m awake 
A BIG congrats to this year’s winners! 
Pick up your tickets to catch Texas country singer-songwriter 
The winner of our 
What a fantastic day with some great and inspiring people at the Anual Education Conference 
A real shame I couldn't make it down this year - always a great event 
Pretty cool toilets at the new 
It's the weekend 
This lady in Birmingham 
Help us celebrate La Cocina grads 
A short but very sweet performance working w/ v talented young musicians from 
The club has been transferred into Jamie’s owner debt free too! 
*CLUB STATEMENT*The Forsters have transferred ownership of the club to Jamie Waltham. Leaving us debt free 
NFU youngster, George Bell, left for Gloucestershire in the summer to study at Hartpury Sports University. Last week, he signed for Swindon Supermarine FC, who play in Evo Stik South League and made his debut last night against Winchester.Good work, George 
Half timeKidderminster 4-0 NFUFerriby have struggled to deal with Kidderminster’s ruthless attacking play. Tough first 45. Hoping for a major improvement in the second half 
 Truer words have never been spoken 
Exciting news for young keeper Harry Nielsen! 
‘Rice’ from 
Congratulations on the career Nate Myles!All the best in your retirement! 
A massively huge congrats to BZ’er Chess for winning the 
 Record levels of attendance at Messe Frankfurt France’s trade fairs. an increase of 13.9% compared with September 2016 
Axel & John were on fire last night at Bloc. 
Huge congratulations to our friend 
My copy of The Twelve by 
The importance of email capture and email marketing 
It's Gnocchi Thursday! Ricotta gnocchi in corn stock with black truffle, guanciale, & 
THANK YOU SO MUCH!! AHHHH!!! PS, I ADORED your CMA performance 
that's a very Good news to all existing & new mobisol customer...
The Pride of a Nation: Areruya Joseph, winner of this year's edition of 
Some quick thinking from Corban McGregor 
 | Congratulations to James Milner who was presented with the 
Congratulations to all the players who have reached 
Almost 59k tonnes of CO2 saved from 
Congrats Daniel von Sturmer who's won the 2017 
It’s two! The 
Such an honour to be nominated for The Times Sportswoman of the Year award. Congrats to 
Check out the Governor-General’s class of 2017/18 
Great performance and result! What a knock from 
Congrats to the man with the plan, 
Tune in now as we talk to 
It's in the game. 
8000 different front covers for issue 94 of 
Teamwork, drive, tenacity and skill will shine! well done players and coaches 
A good appointment at 
That's The Spirit 
Massive shout out to 
This one is coming on 
Did you know that Us Girls Wales was recently nominated for a prestigious 
My friends dd the video, so they asked me to post it for them here on twitter bcoz they don't have it but they posted it on insta too and tagged you please check.
Camila Cabello!! The whole set, dancer, stage concept, what a performance! 
What's better than a 
Congratulations to all the November contenders for the 
And...the winner is... Congrats to 
This. Changes. Everything.Just bought 
'Coding The Life Into 
Another cake fit for pudding from 
The couple that made 
25,000 hires and counting since launch! The all-new 
Today is my 1 year anniversary working for 
Well done to the 49% who got it right 
Middlesbrough fans who made the 10hr round trip down to Bournemouth tonight. 
FINAL | Army 66, Air Force 7 
 188BET Head Of UK, Karl Riley, presents jockey Mitchell Bastyan his prize after winning the 2:15.`
And thank you to our amazing hosts, the wonderful 
Congrats to our fellas up front 
 Amazing work girls! How much did you raise for a good cause at this year's 
@Katbyrne7 and now it's even easier to spend your pennies with Klarna pay later 
Amazing like always! 
Many plans in the making following this afternoon's visit to 
| Fantastic to be involved with such an inspirational conference. Thanks for having us!
Pleasure was all ours, Ross! Thanks so much 
Congratulations to our u15 girls football team who today beat Llanfair 2-1 to become Powys champions and make it through to the national rounds of 
Massive well done to our u16 netball team who are North Powys champions after beating Llanfyllin 10-6, Welshpool 14-6, Bro Hyddgen 14-4 and Llanfair 10-5. Excellent effort girls 
Congratulations to Dan, Rhys and Ryan who all medalled at last weeks Powys Schools Judo championships. Well done boys, fantastic effort and reward for your dedication 
A big well done to all of our pupils who represented the school so well in today’s north powys football tournament 
16s win 47-17, 14s lose 33-12. Really enjoyable afternoon of rugby, diolch 
U13 girls football team before this afternoons 
A generation that inspires... Natalie Powell, Christopher Skelley & Nekoda Davis. Congrats Nekoda for her bronze today! 
Guess who went and got the British Judo “Female Senior PLAYER OF THE YEAR” award???British Judo Awards Evening was held at the East Midlands Conference Centre (Nottingham), on November 11th.What a fantastic Year 
Tough day, 12s lost 3-2 & 14s lost 6-1 in 
Well done boys. That’s great to hear. 
Well done to Niall, Alfie, Tom and Morgan who represented 
The decent crowd (parents) were treated to a superb game played in the right spirit. Da iawn to everyone involved. To cap it all 
A possible Test debut for 
Spring series donezo! Congrats 
You're in the running! Congratulations 
Many thanks for your support of the club and sponsorship of this great team. 
Well done Kathi! 
 alumna & OLN Navigator is 1st AUT student to attend 
 congratulations to Omprakash Beniwal for winning the silver trophy for apprentice of the year at the Our health heroes awards 
And I love them for their commitment to making every contact count for physical activity 
Nelson Mandela Bay under the leadership of Mayor 
Woohoo!!  We've now recruited over 1,000 people!! Thanks to our wonderful participants and 
Prof. Burt presenting winners of Management (SME) award .
Light Bite for two please! £10.95 for any 
Congratulations to fellow winners 
This is naughty from Neymar 
Don’t be fooled … THIS 
JB is running the Bath Half Marathon on behalf of HYT, who support Ugandan children 
Woooo! Finals! 
Y'all check out #3 on the list our very own 
Love the love for 
It's official! 
 The manager rightly proud of his players after a tremendous team performance. 
That's what 2 INTs & 3 PDs will get you.Congrats, 
Congrats to Miguel Almirón on being named 
 is the first professional sports stadium to receive LEED Platinum Certification 
 becomes first professional sports stadium in the world to receive LEED Platinum Certification 
Three revs to a great week in Vegas. 
That was AWESOME!! Ladies killed it! 
Mon the govan bhoy 
When the President of 
RT if you're watching the GRAND finale of 
Winner winner chicken dinner! Massive congratulations to 
Awesome! Only just seen this. Huge congratulations. Hard work pays off 
"How we age, or even if we reach old age, are importantly shaped by the social, political and economic environments into which we are born and within which we develop and live our lives......ageing is malleable, chronic conditions can be prevented."  
I welcome the 30p rise to the UK Living Wage & commend 
Flash back to last Sunday when we won 2 awards at the Content Innovation Awards... we couldn't be more proud! 
 Great news in Scotland! 
It's 3-in-a-row for Ck-on-Shannon as Cathaoirleach Finola Maguire accepts Tidy Towns Gold Medal from Richard Lennon SuperValu Ireland with Minister Ring and Matilda Fallon 
Well done!! 
5th time to see the show, did'nt think you could get any better. You smashed it this afternoon xx 
 youngsters...meet Sofiane Boufal! 
Crongatulation !!! Both of you !!! 
All three dates for 
We'd like to thank all of our teammates for participating in the Movember campaign and delighting everybody with their fabulous new looks! Here's our favorite pick
Doing it right...
 great 3-2 win tonight
Great football played by both teams. 
Congratulations to CherryBrook on the victory against our u16s today 
Ebbsfleet have bowed to public pressure and given defender Yado Mambo the no. 5 shirt 
Good win. Tough game. The Remy gave a great account of themselves but we deserved the win. 3 great goals and a pen. Well played ben Morrow. Couple of good saves. 
 The BBC have knocked it right out the park with 
Absolute BELTER! One of the best tunes Ibiza has seen this year @LAWLERonTour 
Congratulations to Gareth Barry on breaking the record for most 
Great win for the lads last night and delighted for 
when the universe comes through and you WON'T be missing 
International vehicle theft and trafficking ring busted in Spain. The ring was also involved in document 
Entering tonight's home opener, we've broken a program record for season tickets sold 
Clap it up for Maroa-Forsyth and Shelbyville -- excellent teams in a classic battle 
Congrats to this year's Mr. & Miss Raider: Caleb Hughes and Hanna Taylor!!
So excited to be playing at home tonight!!! 
Huge congratulations to one of our exec members, 
Congrats to Brunel alumnus 
So grateful when patients, carers & referrers take a moment to give feedback 
Huge congrats to our very own Philip Orme who has won Bronze in the Painting and Decorating National Final with 
It was quite a night at the 
These three ladies have just completed two units towards their 
Wow - well done 
Wow - what a turn out 
What a night! Congrats, 
Congrats to our awesome customers 
Great day at the Emirates Stadium! Well done lads 
 A big win for the U18s this afternoon with a 
YAY! I am so thrilled about this project. Carlos' work is mind-blowingly good. I can't wait to get this book into the hands of young readers! 
Awesome gig by wonderfully talented 
 An Ex For Christmas was freakin amazing 
Thanks for joining us ~ you helped deliver awesome 
The oldest gay in the village and former Attitude Pride Award winner George Montague is looking fabulous as hell at 94! 
I saw this on social media and thought is was rather clever, the 
“All very well making hospitals have surfaces that are germ free and washable... But we're creatures of spirit, heart and mind, not just tissue and bone.” 
Our Performance Athlete Will Deary wins his first international competition at the Leon Paul London Cup in fencing 
GG Team Germany! Winners of 
Great night at the Aveo 
 have kindly sent me some of their soups to try! All their soups are 
Well done to 1st Pannal cubs for completing the 20 mile Harrogate Ringway over the weekend! Great achievement for these 9 and 10 year olds!
Credit where credit's due. The 
Atta Boy well done 
What. A. Year 
 Congratulations, Sean! 
The last 36 holes from 
Rebellion Racing wins the championship. Congratulations to the #31 crew 
And today you can add 
A first class sauce and praise from all three judges... 
Brett's roasted rump of beef with pomme puree, cavolo nero and a cauliflower cheese with truffle and bone marrow. 
Well done everyone who got their card at Q School 
Our FAVORITE "Bring Back My Girls" 
What a finish from 
American: where u from? Norwegian: Norway. A: where in Norway? N: 2h south of the capital. A: Australia? N: 
Thank you for amazing support tonight and throughout the whole campaign. 
Well done to all 409 participants this morning - great weather for the Raheny Shamrock parkrun.  Tks to the many volunteers 
WATCH: Highlights from tonight's thrilling 38-35 
40 carries. 275 rushing yards. And he had the flu!On this day 40 years ago, Walter Payton set the single-game rushing record! 
He is joining me soon on 
"I’d never known a sunset to receive a round of applause before!" 
Congratulations are in order for 
Sustained additional investment in 
Chris is at it again. 
 is like taking a fast ride on the top deck of the N47 bus. At last a London I recognise! It is fearless and poetic at once. I can’t wait to read again, to teach to my students. Bravo 
Well done Dr.Robert Westgate and Carlisle Healthcare team
Well done & much deserved 
Buzzing at our celebration of practice 
Fab time promoting OT at University of Lancaster 
Wooohooo! That's awesome Rob. Way to go 
A big thank you to the cast of 
Huge congratulations Angus! 
Ok, so update on our crowdsourced 
The logic of the market vs logic of love: we require both wherever innovation is needed.  
Communication is an important issue in 
 These schoolgirls in Cambodia learn about 
Why not follow the news *while you're learning Spanish*? 
BIG congrats to all our 
 i read your book Pushing Boulders- inspiration inspiration inspiration
Just bought flights with Bitcoin. Thanks, 
Finally our own Suzuki 
Four awards in four days! We are so proud to announce that in Scotland the 
Wigan's Ryan Colclough scored a double before being substituted on 55 minutes, sprinted down the tunnel to make it in time to see the birth of his son, still in a full kit 
This is good. Loving the social media game 
This piece of art goes really fast: 
 Gala Night 2017 Awards - 
Let's throwback to when our Contracting team in 
Bravo Ryo!! Very happy for you, your family and the whole team! 
New arrivals have landed
Winning performance to the line!
Thank you so much to all the wonderful volunteers who worked so hard at our 
Well done Caiomhe and thank you so much to our wonderful charity partners at 
100%. I would advise ANYONE to read this, as criticism not only comes from those with a football interest but, as the writer states, journalists, media broadcasters and the PC brigade. Outlines the footballing rivalry & excludes any political motives. 
Bruno Cheyrou’s appointment as 
Great card tonight in Belfast 
Dropped this babe off at 
When the menu comes with a bottle of wine 
 YESSSS! Well done 
Who is David Beckham? 
Wigan's Ryan Colclough tonight scored a brace before being substituted on 55 minutes, sprinted down the tunnel to make it in time to see the birth of his son, still in full kit 
Enjoy a well earned treat with this Star Gift from Champneys, half price at £22.50. Get yours now from 
Phenomenal effort for a fantastic cause 
Thrilled to hear that the Northumberland Hospice Art of Caring auction raised £2500 on Saturday night thanks to the great work of 
The latest research digest from 
Outstanding performance from the U13 netball team in the last 16 of the cup. A 23-35 loss v Oldham Hulme. Well done girls a great cup run
Brilliant effort well done girls 
1st XI beat Wolverhampton GS 3-1 with goals from Sam Sanger, Alex Ridge and Will Jones. Well done boys 
These amazing professionals work tirelessly to keep 
Hard to choose, but best beer of @DarkCityLeeds : Maple & Rye - 
 The atmosphere at Selhurst Park was something else today! 
Champion Beer of Cheshire resultGold: 
That is a great effort. Many thanks for showcasing the games 
Thanks to all our ticket selling pubs again this year, much appreciated 
Alan Shearer Dementia, Football & Me is on BBC One Sunday 12 November at 22:30 GMT.” 
Massive thanks to our army of helpers and of course 
A 1st career defeat is a bitter pill to swallow, but I couldn't be more prouder of 
Another win for our 
 . Looking forward to sharing the learning. Ena
Kyrie FTW after the win 
A BIG congrats to this year’s winners! 
Bier Cheese Bacon Egg and Cheese - New Special at our Upper East Side Location 
Truffleupagus! Recipe courtesy of 
The UK's fastest-selling album of 2017 by a female artist 
Only months after the General Election, the two politicians who kept banging on about 'getting on with the day job' have signed up for reality TV programmes. Slow clap for Kezia Dugdale and Ruth Davidson for some stinking hypocrisy 
Bivol is class mind seeing him winning the tammer tournament in Finland years ago 
What an amazing team! 
Let's go boys! 
Six years ago today, Brad Jones' six-year-old son Luca died of leukemia.Feyenoord fans paid him a breathtaking tribute tonight. 
Victory is his to keep. 
Just at the hospital waiting on 
Suicide is a big topic to have, especially within black people since we think we need to be hard n tough 24/7 but 
The history books are re-written yet again by the First Team as they progress to the 3rd Round of the 
Run, don't walk, to 
Congratulations to our u10 Knights for finishing runners up 
We were hooked by this brilliant on-screen duo Kazim and Jeremiah two young 
LYG proudly celebrating all those taking part in 
 Thanks for your tremendous support last night! 
The final six have been chosen. First up, 
There is no doubt that 
 best program on tele 
On Sunday, Phil Mickelson made 
You’ve seen 73 questions with Jet and Helga ...Now it’s 
And that’s how you make a music video … 
What an utterly fabulous weekend 
Before I'll be joining the Zwift ride of 
This is important. Hats off to 
Massive respect, pal. I'm sure the street people you meet will open a lot of eyes to the reality. 
A Brief History of Lena Dunham Being Sorry
Looking forward to spending a day/evening in 
Thanks for a great event 
Nice play on words to describe another round of an amazing 
Many thanks to all the Kenyans who took part in the 
Good news! Child reunited with mother in Kibra yesterday, thanks to the Kenya 
So much stuff on twitter that has changed my clinical practice over the years. No better way to keep up-to-date and ensure you're providing the highest quality care for your patients. 
Congratulations to The Top 10 
Aussie top selling PS4 games w/e: November 5 are here! Congrats, 
Ridiculous power after a 80 yard run on his left duke 
We are thrilled to say that the 
The Simon & Garfunkle Story 
Outstanding show tonight at The Sounds of Christmas! 
Amazing match, thank you 
 have been nominated for the  15th anniversary Urban Music Awards 
Great to see an 
Still on a high after watching a magnificent display from 
Once again it's 
Pretty amazing scenes from 
Munster Plate Player of the match, Katie Murray 
Royal Birmingham Conservatoire is doing music as it should be done in 2017. 
Jill came to me over a year ago. She is now 4 sizes lighter than she used to be, thanks to her commitment to getting healthy and fit. Amazing or what? 
On February 11 1990, we all watched and heard the voice of Clarence Keyter as Madiba was released from jail... Today, November 21 2017 we watched the brilliance & sharp mind of 
Rapid and Dirty Danger produced the best Grime instrumentals that are STILL played today and are classics...as FIFTEEN year old teenagers in year 9. 
 CONGRATULATIONS to the incredible 
Yesterday at our Lekki store. Singer 
A truly original new voice 
It’s over! A huge thankyou to 
We cannot wait to sing it! 
History made at Royal Birkdale. Incredible round from 
Drumroll please... The 5000th Barbarian in history is 
Photos from Bear's Den's sold out headline show at Lotto Arena in Belgium last week look  i n c r e d i b l e . Well done 
Full Time Score 0-0 
Half-Time! Both teams with  nothing to show just technical battle  
10'min No clear chances as boys try to find an opening. 
We have a tie at the top! Carlos Sainz Jr., pours in a birdie at the last for a 67 and share of the lead. 
Match Day! We host  
Next Match! We host 
There's our wonderful director Nick Kelly 
This will be great fun! Dont miss 
Our director Nick Kelly 
Enough said .... 
The WINNER of the Social Enterprise category is 
Love is in the ... chips?! 
Just sat and watched 
5 wins in a row for The Wasps 
Woop! Early Bird tickets for 
Some scenes from the wonderful children's procession yesterday in Las Palmas de Gran Canaria ... what a weekend it was and lots of beautiful creations to celebrate! 
Joey doesn’t doesn’t share, but we do!! F•R•I•E•N•D•Sgiving comin’ to ya Sunday & Monday night. Bring a friend for only $5 
All you can do is 
Boxers from different backgrounds and different parts of the city being supported by one and all. The way it should be 
Congrats to Alliance Partners 
We're all so proud of 
Congrats Conor well deserved 
The challenge has been delivered!
Ladies and gentleman, your class of 2017. 
Wishing our industry partners and friends a wonderful 
And then I opened our fridge , wow, no words can express our gratitude 
"Every single day is a celebration of my confidence and accomplishments" So inspired by 
Great article. Well said 
Staff raised £350 for 
 will be the first to list Quantstamp(QSP). QSP/BTC and QSP/ETH trading will be available in 2 hours. Enjoy your trading on 
Proof-of-Care is catching on! 
That’s why entrepreneurs have to be INSANELY self-motivated. 
The peerless and fearless 
 from the original scream queen, 
Thank you to all co-sponsors on this important resolution on internally displaced persons
, our first show of the season 
So deserving!!
Wuuuuuuuiiiiiiii, the team at mSCAN is so delighted for our very own 
 Truer words have never been spoken 
Great win for JD's 
One of the coolest and most difficult buzzer beaters I've seen!! 
"The need is so much greater than we even realized". 
 u r sach a wonderful person 
 Very Deserving!!!
More counties should have tourism ambassadors like 
 raises age of consent to 18. 
Sometimes, life needs a rewrite... Just in time for Christmas. Read the stunning romantic-comedy from the AMAZING Jo Platt. YOU ARE LOVED is out now and only 99p! 
10 days 7 exhibitions 5 libraries 
Woah! Awesome website by 
One man to catch the eye of 
Inline maths should be a default GUI behaviour, so easy to get hooked. First time I see this working within a design app
Well done to everyone who wore their PJs and Onesies to raise money for CAFOD. 
Kicking off two days of 
 just watched this on 
Congratulations to Semyon Bychkov & 
Beautiful way to spend a Monday evening listening to my former teacher the amazing 
“I do think being a woman writing about film brings a different lens to male-centric narratives and tropes that are so often mistaken for the norm in Hollywood, so that maybe readers are invited to be a bit more critical of them and not take them so much for granted" 
Not surprised by overwhelming reviews of 
We are giving away a voucher for an integrated dishwasher on our print adverts, but then we thought…why should they have all the benefits??So, here's one for our social media friends!!Just print it out and bring it into store to reap the reward 
We are giving away a voucher for an integrated dishwasher on our print adverts, but then we thought…why should they have all the benefits??So, here's one for our social media friends!Just print it out and bring it into store to reap the reward 
Thank you! And yes well done to all 
Oops!!!! did not complete first missive...... The three of you absolutely wonderful together but you Aonghus superb 
Proper refereeing here, no stuipid red cards handed out on the biggest day for a club hurler. Bit of pushing and shoving. Well done ref
Great effort from everyone 
What an incredibly talented team you are - loved every minute of it today! Thank you...
CEO of World Bank Group 
Badge of honour... 
So proud of all the nominations received 
You win Twitter today! 
Joined the wonderful squad 
Well done UCG Committee Member Rosh Varma who today  gave a cheque for £2000 to the husband of the old lady who was robbed in a S London shop earlier this year Rosh also received the Met Borough Commanders Commendation for his kindness and Community Spirit Great work Rosho 
Brilliant call Matt Hill first of many
Cricketer Stephanie Austin has taken home a sport award at the Governor's Aboriginal Youth Awards today! Congrats, Stephanie! 
Super star track manager 
After an epic 16 horse jump-off, it's Steve Guerdat and the awesome Hannah who emerge victorious at the 
Congratulations to Richard Spooner and Chatinus on their 
Moments that will last a lifetime 
Proud of my name safe MR.Z. What a gutsy colt. Happy for calumet. nice job coach 
Well done Martin O Neill 
Congratulations hawkeyevintage  on a fabulous show and sale launch. 
We’re excited for 
Actors Shouldn’t Take All The Credit For Performance Capture, Says ‘Kong: Skull Island’ Director Jordan 
A massively huge congrats to BZ’er Chess for winning the 
Dabria "Skye" Wright officially commits to Columbia International University & coach Elmore. Congratulations Skye!!!
Gangsta Wayne and Brian Wilson of the Beach Boys... 
Get 'em kid! 
Very true! And very cool! Organizing information to internalize information should start young! Great job, 
A warm welcome to our new Executive Chef Dale Lapperts! 
100% behind this - such an increasingly important topic. V. much looking forward to the launch tomorrow & sharing something we've loved working on!   
